
Chapter 850 Limited War Responsibility











Foreign Minister Jules said cautiously: "Your Majesty, the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has sent a note, inviting us to conclude a treaty with Switzerland, the North German Confederation, and Spain to maintain European peace and stability." When you open the map, you will know that the above-mentioned countries belong to the French. good neighbor. After excluding the French, it is self-evident who to target when concluding such a treaty.


Leopold II asked doubtfully: "The Austrians have only invited four countries to participate, and no other countries have been invited?" Theoretically, the above four countries have to face the threat of the French, and it is easiest to move closer to Austria if they feel the pain. of.



Perhaps in the view of the Vienna government, to curb the French expansion to the outside world, the five countries joining forces are enough." This is also the view of most people. Although France is powerful, it has not opened a qualitative gap with Austria. In addition, Sibi After the Red Four, the anti-French alliance was stable.








The seemingly tentative invitation is actually forcing us to take sides. Between Russia and Austria and Britain and France, we must choose a side." The most tragic thing Nothing more than this, others could avoid it, except the miserable Belgium.







At the same time, we send people to strengthen our ties with the North German Federation, Switzerland, the Netherlands and other countries. At a critical moment, their Position is also very important." Belgium had no choice but to turn to Austria. Now it is the French who are ambitious for them, not Austria who is hundreds of miles away.














Foreign Minister Weisenberg took out a document and said: "Your Majesty, this is the preliminary result of the negotiations with the Belgian government. The biggest problem at present is the distribution of rights and obligations. The Belgian government excuses its lack of strength and is only willing to bear part of it. War responsibility.


If a war breaks out between us and the French in Italy, Belgium will only promise to provide material assistance, and on the surface they must remain neutral." Limited war responsibility, In fact, it is equivalent to not taking responsibility for the war.










In return, they will also have a share of the spoils after the war is won. The disputed territories between France and Belgium can be all owned by them." Who wouldn't write a blank check? Anyway, the promised territory is French territory. If Belgium has the appetite, just give it to them.









Chapter 851: Secretly Ambushing Chencang The







Franz asked: "Are the weapons and equipment to assist the Afghans in place?" If we want to use the Afghan war to bleed the British, weapons and equipment are still indispensable.



Our intelligence network in Afghanistan is not perfect, and we were completely blind after the war broke out. We know nothing about the specific situation on the border." This is an inevitable result. Not to mention the imperfect intelligence network, even if all Afghans are turned into intelligence personnel, the news will not be able to spread.






The airdrop of supplies originally planned has now lost its target and the possibility of implementation." "Yes, Your Majesty!" Weissenberg replied.



The Tsarist government is trying to find a way to recover, and it may take some time to recover." "Putting hope on the Russians" and "recovering after a while", such answers made Franz directly give up the idea of ​​​​airdropping supplies. idea.





After pondering for a moment, Franz made a decision: "Forget it, if something like this happened, the Afghan government can only be considered unlucky. Did n't they send liaison officers to let them find ways to get in touch with the country? We There's nothing you can do now." Anxious?





In view of the current severe international situation, we must prepare in advance. The Ministry of War recommends a major change of equipment. , first increase the defense capabilities of the colonies." Feslav's words reminded Franz that although the colonial armed forces of various countries these days are all their own second- and third-rate troops, they recruit the worst sources of soldiers, carry the most outdated weapons, and carry out the simplest training, but Austria is an exception.












Once the European War breaks out, the colonies must be prepared to rely solely on Use your own power to seize the entire African continent." It's not that Franz has a big appetite, but that Austrian Africa already has such strength.







Even if the European War breaks out, Austrian Africa's power is enough To deal with any enemy. Now transporting so much weapons and equipment to the colonies can easily cause international tension." The weapons and equipment required by one million people to fight for a year are not just a few cents. If you want to calculate them in units, it is one million tons.






Do not announce specific numbers to the outside world. The arsenal is scattered across the country, and ordinary people will not notice it." This is the advantage of state-owned enterprises . , the government can control production capacity without disclosing any information to the outside world.












Chapter 852: Crazy Test


























"It seems that Austria is not that powerful. After losing the support of the British, the Vienna government cannot pull out the anti-French encirclement network." Changes in concepts will naturally affect political decision-making. Napoleon IV was no longer so concerned about Austrian affairs.

The Palace of Versailles took a cursory look at the documents in their hands, and Napoleon IV asked uncertainly: "Are you ready to restart international coal price negotiations?" In order to hinder France's economic development, Britain and Austria took the lead in establishing The International Coal Export Alliance international controls coal transaction prices.












Economic Minister Elsa said righteously: "Your Majesty, please rest assured. For the healthy development of the domestic economy, the Ministry of Economic Affairs will definitely do its best to bring down the international coal transaction price." Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec echoed Dao: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will fully cooperate with the actions of the Ministry of Economic Affairs, and we have begun to lobby the British.

Judging from the current situation, the British Coal Export Association has shown signs of compromise. As long as the British relent, we can force Belgium and the German Federation to compromise. .” The conflict is only because of interests. If the purpose of the International Coal Export Alliance was to suppress the French economy when it was first established, then it is just because of interests now.







"Now that you are all ready, let's restart the negotiations! But you must pay attention to the methods and means, and don't cause a big mess." It can be seen that Napoleon IV is not so reassured by his group of bureaucrats.








This time The reduction or exemption is not for all enterprises, but is limited to the industries that are members of our Coal Association. Let’s cheer!” Applause broke out, and many people were immersed in the joy of getting rich. What it means to be able to deliver goods to the French market at lower tariffs than domestic counterparts is obvious.





Those idiots in the government, We foolishly went to form an alliance with the French. Do we have to compromise with the French for trivial interests?" The old man smiled and said: "Mihajlovic, don't forget that we are capitalists and we don't have the money to come. There is no point in making sense. Suppressing France is a matter for the government.




In short, we will not let you suffer." Mihai Lovich's face changed drastically. This was a sign of confusion. Before this, although the profits of coal mines were good, the small mine owners had only low-quality mines, and the consortium still looked down upon them.








Chapter 853: The combat effectiveness of Russian bureaucracy














"Power generation to urge the country to speed up. If this continues for up to half a month, we will have no choice but to stop the attack." With the outbreak of the war, the Russian army's chaotic logistics management was gradually exposed.








If nothing else happens, we will send you five telegrams this time." Telegrams will face the same fate. Perhaps these telegrams will not reach the hands of the Minister of Logistics." The interception of telegrams from the front line is impossible in other countries, but it is normal for it to happen in the Russian Empire.











"Why don't you report such an important matter in advance?" The domestic bureaucrats are powerful, and the frontline bureaucrats are not willing to give in. The Logistics Department didn't reply three times. It was quite intoxicating to think that such an important matter could be hidden from him, the commander.

The middle-aged officer who was questioned replied nervously: "We thought it was just that the logistics department was busy with official business, so we forgot to reply for a while. We didn't expect..." Before the middle-aged officer could continue to explain, General Okinets got angry and directly He swung the cup in front of him and threw it away.



Or do you think that the military law of the Russian Empire is not enough? Severe, want to try it?" A series of questions frightened the middle-aged officer, and he didn't know how to answer for a while.








"Your Excellency Commander, I...I..." Without waiting for the middle-aged officer to explain, Okinets waved his hand and said: "Okay, Kracsvali. I know you all have difficulties and you cannot be the master of the country.




I believe in the great Tsar Majesty. , we will definitely be able to see clearly and find out those in the government who colluded with the British and deliberately delayed the progress of the war." Killing people cannot solve the problem, and Kracsvali is not the one who caused the problem.














Seeing Okinets' gaze coming over, Kracsvali hurriedly promised: "Commander, please rest assured. I will definitely urge the country to deliver the supplies as soon as possible." ...



Argent said dissatisfied: "What's going on, Parcel?" Parcel smiled bitterly and said: "Mr. Minister, we can't rush now, otherwise big trouble will happen.

This is a telegram from the front line, Augenie That guy warned us that if the logistics materials cannot be delivered in time, he will accuse us of colluding with the British to His Majesty the Tsar." Argent's face changed drastically and he cursed angrily: "This is unreasonable. How can the Logistics Department be threatened by him?


How can His Majesty the Tsar believe such a ridiculous charge? He ordered the transport team to find an excuse and deliberately delay the process. Let's see what he can do!" Being threatened was second, but Argent was more afraid of someone following his example. If Okinets' threat is accepted, and all Russian generals will follow suit in the future, won't the Logistics Department be at the mercy of others?




What will happen then, it is difficult to say. " After hearing this explanation, Argent instantly realized the seriousness of the problem.





After reacting, Argent made a decisive decision: "What's the point? Start organizing transportation immediately and transport the materials to the front line as soon as possible. Don't leave Okinets with a reason to complain." In a word, as long as the logistics materials arrive on time Arrived at the front line. So the issue of borrowing troops to bring goods to capitalists is a trivial matter that is not worth mentioning.




If we regret it now, there will be a lot of people to offend. You must know that those capitalists are not without foundation. There are too many big names involved behind the scenes." This is a real problem. No matter how rich ordinary capitalists are, they don't have the courage to borrow military trains to transport goods to their families during wartime.





Don't be afraid of offending people. This kind of thing is inherently invisible. If it really makes trouble. If we come out, we will certainly be doomed, but how can they be so good?" ...



Chapter 854: The truck that entered by mistake














Or do you think that Marquis Cristanval has resigned and now that he is gone, he can be manipulated by you?" He looked at the angry man. Brittany, Director Ixil was also helpless.


"Mr. Brittany, I'm very sorry. A death order has been issued from above, and we must ensure that frontline materials are transported to the frontline on time. Now all the vehicles have been sent there. Please wait another half month for your goods! By then, I will give you priority in arranging train tickets." This explanation obviously did not satisfy Brittany, so she just paid liquidated damages for delayed arrival.





Anyway, you can figure it out. If If you think Marquis Cristanval is easy to bully, just leave it alone!" What Brittany wants is not an explanation, but a solution to the problem. He knows very well what kind of Russian bureaucrats are. If he wants to get things done, he must either spend money or use his backing to exert pressure.










But if you take the money back, everyone will go their separate ways from now on, and the logistics department will never cooperate with you again." After the showdown, it was Brittany's turn to have a headache. . The problem now is not that Ixil collects money but doesn't do things, but that it doesn't dare to do things.






You must know that this batch of goods really cannot be delayed. To tell you the truth, the agricultural products are only on the surface, and there are still some inside... " The higher the value of the goods, the more troublesome it will be, and Ixir will also have a headache. If it is just agricultural products, even if part of it is damaged, the loss will be very limited.







However, these costs must be calculated separately. Who told you not to inform you in advance that the freight charges for special medicines and agricultural products are different." After knowing that this was the bottom line, Bu Li Tani did not continue to hope for military ranks. He did not want to get involved in the battle between the logistics department and the military. If he was not careful, he would really be shattered into pieces.

"Yes, but you must help coordinate with the local government and let them help repair the road, otherwise the truck will not be able to run." Ixir nodded: "Don't worry, the road has been repaired a long time ago. As long as you don't take the trail. "Cars can pass through most sections of the road." Most sections of the road are passable, which also means that some sections are impassable. But this is not a problem that Ixir is worried about. If you can run it for a period, it will count for a period.











Chapter 855: Getting More Rampant











After rubbing his forehead, Franz said helplessly: "The Russian war loan has been approved. Now the Tsarist government needs our support." There was no way to influence the British government, so he could only incite the Tsarist government. Now we can only hope that Mao Xiong is greedy and can fight to the end for India and the British.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Your Majesty, this is not the right time to express goodwill. It seems too deliberate. If the Russians want to obtain war loans, it is best to follow formal procedures and let them take out the mortgage.

To avoid being discovered, We want to provoke a war between Britain and Russia and cause unnecessary trouble." Politics needs to be framed. It is true that Austria wants to provoke a war between Britain and Russia, but thinking about it, it is absolutely impossible to say it.




"Yeah!" Franz nodded in approval. The current situation is indeed not suitable for Austria to do too much.


Prime Minister Carr: "Both the British and Russian governments are not fools. The situation has developed to this point. To achieve our strategic goals, it is no longer possible to start from the top. Perhaps now we should change our minds and intensify the contradiction between the two countries, and It is not necessary for the two governments to agree.


Until now, the British have only invested The five Indian colonial divisions and a small number of local troops have very limited combat effectiveness. They can deal with the Afghan government just fine, but it is impossible to frighten the Russians. We only need to secretly push them and let the radical elements of the Russian army take action. Yes." After listening to the Prime Minister's explanation, Franz suddenly found that he had fallen into a misunderstanding. In this age of the jungle, everything must be done with "strength." The British seemed to have the upper hand, but the Indian colonial divisions really couldn't control the situation. Not only will it fail to deter the Russians, it may also stimulate their ambitions.











"The Prime Minister is right. We really need to change our mindset now and take the lower-level route. The responsibility for provoking the conflict between Britain and Russia will be left to the intelligence agencies. The Ministry of Finance is going to do it first. In addition to the current 50 million Aegis In addition to war loans, we will prepare 300 million Aegis funds for the Russians in the next three years. This time we will support the Russians to fight to the end." Not all the money will be paid by Austria, but most of the war costs will still be paid by Austria. The tsarist government took matters into its own hands.




"Yes, Your Majesty!" ...






Coupled with various costs, some coal mines that are difficult to mine may directly fall into a state of loss." In fact, the average international coal export price is also due to the International Coal Export Alliance's It was only imposed by the French.









1.5* (1-0.69) = 0.465 The French just want to buy at 46.5% of the retail price. Counting miscellaneous taxes, freight, wholesale and retailer profits, this price is basically comparable to Austrian prices when used by French companies. Achieve flat energy prices.







Even if the two governments choose to accept it due to the military threat of the French, I am afraid the capitalists will not agree." No. "I'm afraid" will definitely not be agreed. These days, capital has begun to internationalize. Taking the coal mines in the Rhineland as an example, a large part of the mines have fallen into the hands of British and Austrian capital.




These conditions have exceeded the bottom line of Belgium and North Germany, and it is impossible for the two countries to agree. If the French dare to use force, Belgium and the North German Federation will fall to us. I don’t mind sending troops to fight them for our allies.

However , The French are not that stupid. They are not ready for war. It will not do them any good to turn against each other now. This is probably just a test by them. The lion is opening its mouth now just to test the bottom line of the two countries and to lower them. The country's expectations.

If nothing else happens, the French will show a little bit of goodwill in the next negotiations, and the two countries will choose to compromise. " There is no way, this is the helplessness of small countries, the sorrow of the weak...



Chapter 856 Adding Obstacles










Blind concessions will not only fail to solve the problem, but will also make the French think that we are weak and can be bullied, and they will be more aggressive." ." Obviously, Austria's clear position and the support of mainstream European public opinion still influences the Belgian government.








Leopold II asked: "How is the communication between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Germans? Do they agree to advance and retreat with us?" Foreign Minister Jules shook his head and sarcastically said: "The Germans are busy negotiating with the British. Communication, hoping that the London government will interfere with the actions of the French." Leopold II was very surprised and asked: "Don't they have any brains?

If they want to interfere, they have already stated their position. At this time, they still expect the British Intervention is simply whimsical!" Leopold II was not surprised, and he knew on his knees that Britain and France had just formed an alliance. No matter what, at this point in time, the British government would not fall out with their most important ally for them.




However, other states in the German region are communicating with Austria. The Archduke of Baden will also visit Vienna in the near future. , maybe it is also related to this incident." Even though the North German Federation is in disarray, when it comes to safeguarding national interests, everyone still has the same goal.


















After hesitating for a long time, Leopold II said slowly: "Let's appease the people outside first and tell them that the government will never accept the unreasonable demands of the French. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs continues to negotiate with the French and the price of coal exports can be reduced. But it cannot be too much lower than the international average export price." No matter how great the threat from the French was, Leopold II still had the responsibility of a monarch and first chose to appease the domestic people.







"Hmph!" With a cold shout, Napoleon IV threw away the half-read "Message to the People of Europe" and cursed: "The damn Habsburg dynasty is really haunting. You are everywhere!" France The Bonaparte dynasty and the Habsburg dynasty have been fighting for European hegemony for hundreds of years, and the grievances between the Bonaparte dynasty and the Habsburg dynasty also ran through the anti-French war.







No substantive action has been taken. If we really want them to go to war with us for the two countries, the Austrian government will probably give up." In a sense, there is really no need for Napoleon IV to be angry, and the current result is better than expected in advance. Much more.


Napoleon IV sneered: "So what, the bottom line of European countries is indeed very low, but what we have to do still challenges their bottom line. The three countries of Britain, Russia and Austria don't want us to make up for the final shortcomings, so Didn't even our good allies warn us?" In the eyes of the outside world, only Austria among the major powers publicly expressed support for Belgium and Germany and condemned the actions of the French government.







The falling cost of coal will definitely have a certain promotion effect on domestic industry and economy. New prosperity is not far away." ...



Chapter 857 Counterproductive The







"The progress of the Near East development plan is still too slow. At the current pace, it may not be completed in another ten years. The The international situation is becoming increasingly tense, and the possibility of war on the European continent is increasing. We do not have enough time to wait. The government We must find ways to speed up the development of the Near East." In the eyes of the outside world, the Near East is advancing at an alarming speed, but in Franz's eyes, it is still too slow.



Prime Minister Karl was shocked and said: "Your Majesty, our development in the Near East is already progressing very fast. If we continue to speed up blindly, a series of problems will arise later." It is not that the progress cannot be accelerated, but it is already very fast while ensuring the quality of the project. It's hard to speed up any more.





For example: roads, bridges, stations, etc. , must be ranked first; it doesn't matter if the new city construction project is delayed." Franz admitted that he was anxious, but his intuition told him that the day when the situation in Europe would get out of control was not far away.





Slowing down urban construction along the way and blindly speeding up railway construction will lead to a long period of time in the future. Railway operation will fall into a state of serious losses, which is very uneconomical." The European war will not be fought for a while. This is not Prime Minister Karl's personal view. Most people in the Austrian government see it this way, and it can even be said that 99% of Europe Everyone holds this view.




In order to gain strategic initiative, we can still afford this price. " No matter how important the economic account is, it is not as important as national strategic security. The railway running through the Near East meant that Austria had a strategic advantage over France.





























At the Palace of Versailles, Napoleon IV frowned and asked: "What do you think of the Steel Guild's proposal?" Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec: "Your Majesty, we have just signed a treaty with Belgium and Germany. , breach of contract so soon, the international community cannot explain it.

Judging from the current situation, there is no possibility for the governments of Belgium and Germany to continue to make concessions. If they force them to make a deal, it may be counterproductive." In fact, the situation has been stuck from the beginning . Rael Kadlec opposed excessive pressure on Belgium and Germany and advocated using unified procurement contracts to lower prices.











There are various signs that British capital is behind this. Several companies that have taken the lead in boycotting coal exports to us have British and Austrian capital holding shares behind them." ...



Chapter 858 Intensifying.















I want to change all this." , we must take more active measures to let the damn French know that we are not easy to bully." Anti-French demonstrations are effective. Domestic newspapers and magazines have stopped entertainment news and supported the patriotic activities organized by students. sports.








The Berlin government has always opposed compromise with the French. In fact, except for Hanover, all states do not support compromise with the French." As a state government, of course it must oppose this kind of thing that will be scolded.







Fritz shook his head: "Of course not. The central government is too weak. Hanover colluded with Britain and France to betray the interests of the empire. This cannot be solved by petitioning. If we want to change the current situation, the best way is to let the French see us determination to force them to make concessions.




The British alone The coal exported is not enough for the French. As long as the trade between the two countries can be cut off, the French will not be afraid of compromise." This is a fact. Once the German Federation stops exporting coal to France, the French will not be able to find it in a short time. Enough replacements.






Upon hearing this crazy plan, the rational Hans exclaimed: "Fritz, your plan is too crazy. If you do this, the French will go crazy!" Loss or whatever is a minor issue to the nationalists.






With the strength of all the countries in the German region, we are not afraid of the French, and we are even stronger. What we are afraid of now is the corrupt central government, who are worried about what will happen if the war breaks out. It led to the unification of the German region and the loss of its own power." Looking at the excited people, Hans fell into self-doubt. It seems like a war has broken out, but it's not that scary.

























Chapter 859: Intrigue













This is probably just the beginning. If we do not handle it well, the enemy will take more actions against us in the future." The truth. It doesn't matter anymore, this shit basin must be taken out anyway. Otherwise, the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs is incompetent and failed to take timely action to curb the spread of the anti-French movement.


Every day of delay now is a huge harm to the domestic economy." France's withdrawal from the free trade system does not mean that it will No longer dependent on the international market. On the contrary, the French economy is still inseparable from the international market.












Prime Minister Terence Burgin advised: "Judging from all current signs, the Austrian government has definitely taken action, and the British are probably behind it. The London government has been opposed to our use of drastic measures against Germany and Germany from the very beginning. If the situation escalates, it will be difficult for us to gain support.


Let's deal with it coldly for a while, and then look for the right time to take action after the situation subsides." Are you scared?






Aren't the British about to occupy Afghanistan? Let them continue their efforts. ; In addition, we sent people to secretly contact the Russians and tell them that we have no objection to their entry into the Indian Ocean now." Europe is simply too small to accommodate four big countries. There are many conflicts between Russia and Austria, not to mention between Britain and France.














Putting down the documents in his hands, Franz said with a smile: "Since the French have come to our door, we can't live up to their good intentions. We should mobilize the media in the German region to publicize it and let everyone know that in order to safeguard Germany, we The efforts made for the interests of compatriots." ...



Chapter 860 Political Art





















In Kabul, a middle-aged officer with a bandaged arm at the British Army General Headquarters suggested angrily: "Your Excellency, Commander, the guerrillas are too rampant. We must take the initiative to attack." There is no doubt that this officer is guerrilla. The unlucky guy and lucky guy who was injured in the team attack.










Before that, we must first get rid of these rats hiding in the ground, otherwise we will be in big trouble if we let them get together." In fact, Patrick's words did not say After all, the hidden danger in Afghanistan is not just the guerrillas.





Another officer suggested: "I think we should capture the King of Afghanistan first. Without the leader of the emir, these resistance organizations will be in disarray." Colonel Makau did not buy it and said: "Come on, Hedes. Afghans They hate us extremely, and we have no foundation in the local area.





They are all a group of stragglers. They are vulnerable on the frontal battlefield and can only hide behind and shoot black guns." This is the crux of the problem. Although the resistance organization is a rabble, how slippery is this rabble!





I don’t believe it, Afghanistan has been destroyed by us , and there are guerrillas that cannot be wiped out." It sounds good, but it is not that simple to implement it.







I will seek reinforcements from the country, but this requires everyone to have a unified voice. Just It's just the Afghan guerrillas, but they can't attract the attention of the bosses in London." Shifting responsibility is a traditional skill that bureaucrats have learned without any teachers. If the Afghan guerrillas are not strong enough, they will have to turn to the Russians.





After receiving the news, Prime Minister Gladstone immediately roared: "The Russians are provoking Britain, and we must retaliate." There was no doubt about the authenticity of the frontline battle reports. Is Prime Minister Gladstone a fool?









Chapter 861: Cheating teammates come onlineCheating Teammates Online-69 Book Bar and become scapegoats at the same time. The Russian-Austrian alliance can also be called the scapegoat alliance. However, there is a difference between a scapegoat and a scapegoat.









St. Petersburg Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez: "Your Majesty, the matter has been clarified. After the British army occupied Afghanistan, it encountered fierce resistance from the local people and the troops suffered heavy losses. The British government slandered us for sending troops to attack the British army in Afghanistan. That is In order not to bear the responsibility for the heavy losses on the front line, we must give an explanation to the people at home." What does it mean for Britain and Russia to go to war?








We must use the toughest means to give them a strong counterattack. Let the whole country The world knows that the great Russian Empire is not easy to mess with!" "Toughness" is not without reason. In fact, after Marshal Ivanov became Minister of War, the Russian military became relatively conservative.













We can definitely take advantage of the opportunity to seize Afghanistan and lay the foundation for moving south to India." The law of the jungle is the essence of this era. The original goal of the Tsarist government was to seize Central Asia.



"If God doesn't take what he wants, he will suffer the consequences." Missing such an opportunity is simply a crime. As the leader of the military, he rejects all the soft persimmons that come to his door. Are he going to find hard bones to gnaw on?



All diplomatic obstacles have been cleared. The remaining problems are military. As long as the military is sure of victory, the southward strategy can be implemented." After hearing the news, Alexander III was shocked: "France You betray your teammates so quickly?" Then he realized that it seemed that the French government didn't want to sell out its teammates, and it couldn't help the British now.


"Are there any financial problems?" According to convention, before almost every war breaks out, the Ministry of Finance will routinely object.






As long as the total number of troops we invest is within 500,000, the war will continue It will take no more than a year and the finances will be able to support it." (1 pound = 2 shields = 25 francs)






Alexander III was surprised and asked: "The French are willing to issue bonds for us?" No wonder he was not surprised. Because of credibility, the treasury bonds issued by the Russian government can only be sold locally, even to its ally Austria.






However, the interest and handling fees are very high, and the amount of the bond cannot be too large, and it can only be raised through private enterprises. Carry on." For the tsarist government, the process was not important, the most important thing was the result. As long as you can get the money, there is no real difference between corporate bonds and government bonds.




Chapter 862: Breaking






...Although London Knowing that France and Russia had been secretly estranged for a long time, the news that the French were issuing bonds for the Russians still aroused strong dissatisfaction from the British government.

Prime Minister Gladstone frowned and asked: "What do the French want to do by issuing bonds for the Russians at this time?" The timing was too sensitive, and there was no need to issue bonds for the Russians earlier or later. The problem is that it happened at a time when Britain and Russia were falling out, and the targeting was too obvious.

Foreign Secretary George explained: "The French are retaliating. We promised to support them in expanding their sphere of influence to Central Europe, but when the French were seeking coal interests in Belgium and Germany, the government chose neutrality." It's really just that . "Neutral"?















After hesitating for a while, Prime Minister Gladstone made a request: "Find a way to find something for the French to do. We can't let them idle, so as not to hinder us, and at the same time, we need them to contain Austria." To meet these two requirements, France and Austria can only fight each other. Sowing discord has always been a British specialty.


After calculating it, Foreign Minister George nodded: "No problem, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will find something for them to do as soon as possible." But in this way, it will completely push Belgium and Germany to the side of Austria. With Habsburg The French may suffer from the dynasty's ability to win allies." France and Austria are fighting for the sake of Belgium and Germany. Once the conflict escalates, Belgium and Germany, which are at the center of the storm, will not be able to escape.







The French have spent these years. It was so smooth that it made them forgetful and arrogant." ...






The Ministry of Foreign Affairs can express dissatisfaction appropriately, and all other issues will be discussed after the Anglo-Russian war breaks out." There is definitely a way to settle accounts after the fall, but the prerequisite must be the queen.

















However, it is said that the operating costs of the farms developed by the French in Africa are relatively high. Only a small number of farms can break even, and most farms rely on financial allocations." This result did not surprise Franz.








Franz nodded: "The time is almost here. It will take time to promote potassium fertilizers. There is no need to continue to hide it." Austria will definitely not suffer the most from the promotion of chemical fertilizers at this time.



















Chapter 863: The Minister's Case broke out


Prime Minister Gladstone roared: "What does the Police Department do? Why did this happen?" There was no way. Just a few hours ago, the Russian Minister in London, White-Nicholas, was encountered on the way to the British Foreign Office. Attack, now has seen God.





Although the accompanying police officers blocked the crowd, they did not know who took the lead in throwing debris at Minister White. A stone happened to hit Minister White's head, and he died on the spot after rescue efforts failed." The explanation is. Cover it up, things have already happened. It is a fact that the police did not do a good job in security. No matter how you explain it, you can't clean it up.



So tell me, the accident happened on the busiest street in London. How did the flying stones come from?" " Unexpected encounters and verbal conflicts are understandable. After all, the two sides stand on different sides.









It happened so suddenly that the police responsible for Minister White's safety protecting had no time to disperse the crowd." Avoiding the important and choosing the light, artistic processing is the final answer.







No matter what answer is given, the Russians will not accept it. We must do the best we can." Bad intentions." After the death of a minister, no country will accept such a confusing explanation without receiving compensation.


"Alas!" Prime Minister Gladstone sighed.












After hesitating for a moment, Prime Minister Gladstone said slowly: "Order the Governor-General of India to prepare for war with all his strength, and the country must also prepare. The Indian colonies alone are not the opponent of the Russians. Once the war breaks out, we must send troops as soon as possible. Reinforce the Afghan region.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs continues to carry out diplomatic efforts. If possible, this war can be avoided without fighting." Afghanistan has already been taken. For the British government, the most important thing now is to clear the place as soon as possible and re-establish the social order. Going to war with the Russians at this time is a completely loss-making business.












"Based on the current international situation analysis, who do you think is most likely to have done it?" As soon as he finished speaking, Franz felt that he had asked a stupid question. When it comes to suspicion, Austria is definitely one of the best.



However, this inference is not very reasonable. Provoking Britain and Russia There are many ways to fight a war, and under normal circumstances, the French government would not attack a country's minister." Deep down, Franz was still a little embarrassed. Thinking back to those days..., forget it, let's not think about it, let the dark history disappear in the long river of history.







Then we don’t need to get involved. Let the stage be left to Britain and Russia. We can just watch their performances." The more critical the moment, the less likely it is to take the lead. . If Britain and Russia were regarded as the mastermind behind this, wouldn't it be an injustice?




Chapter 864 Countdown to War



"This is the British explanation. They clearly treat us as fools!" After speaking, Alexander III directly tore up the document and proved with practical actions that he was really angry.








When the Central Asian War is over, we will slowly settle accounts with them." Becoming the boss of the main war faction, Yi Marshal Vanov still did not change his usual steady style.







The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will do a good job in the work of France and Austria, and cooperate with the Ministry of Finance to raise as much funds as possible. This war, It won't be over in a short time." After making the decision, Alexander III still felt unsure. Following the lessons of the Prussian-Russian War, Alexander III was unwilling to go to war with any major power.






"Hester, where's that idiot? Why didn't you come to the meeting?" This meeting was originally meant to be held accountable, but the person involved didn't come. It's understandable that Lieutenant General Patrick would get angry.

A young officer in front of him replied: "Your Excellency, Commander, Major General Hurst was attacked by a bomb on the way to the headquarters and is currently being rescued." This answer made Patrick's heart freeze.







"Got it, read the casualty report of the 7th Division." The young officer holding the document behind him immediately replied: "Yes!" " After the camp roar, 786 people of the 7th Division died on the spot, 565 were injured, and 1,218 were missing. , among which 76 officers were killed and 94 injured.

Seven other material warehouses were burned by fire, and an ammunition warehouse exploded..." Listening to the casualty report, Lieutenant General Patrick's heart felt like it was bleeding. The enemy The shadow of the enemy was not even touched, and the strength of a regiment was just lost.







Now the 7th Division has suffered heavy losses and must be withdrawn to rest and recuperate. In the subsequent encirclement and suppression battle, it will be up to you to mobilize troops to fill this gap." When they heard that the troops were to be divided, everyone's expressions suddenly became tense.




The war has been out for so long, and no one has had any rest. The morale of the troops has dropped to the lowest point since the war began. It is no longer suitable to continue to enter the mountains for encirclement and suppression. We are guerrillas. It is better to withdraw the troops and rest for a period of time, and then carry out encirclement and suppression after reinforcements arrive." The fact is before our eyes, these troops have not had a good rest since the outbreak of the war.



Commander, the troops really need to rest and recuperate..." ...











If you persist for another week, someone will come to replace you. If you work hard, I believe you can overcome the difficulties... " After receiving the good news of the arrival of reinforcements, everyone reluctantly accepted the result. After all, your arms can't hold your thighs, so you can't disobey orders on the battlefield!


神圣罗马帝国-882.第865章 造势-69书吧 第865章 造势 阿富汗战场英军还在努力奋斗，中亚战场已经分出了胜负，俄国人用实力证明了他们还是那个牛逼哄哄的欧洲压路机。 当然，这个胜利是沙皇政府宣扬的，具体情况怎么样，外界还是一无所知。 唯一可以肯定的是俄军确实击败了中亚三国的主力，掌握了战场上的主动权，至于会不会陷入人民战争的汪洋大海中，这就只有俄国人自己清楚了。 弗朗茨虽然关注中亚战局，却没有派人实地搜集情报，维也纳政府手中的大部分资料都是英俄两国自己放出来的。 这个时间点太敏感了，奥地利要是掺合得多了，很容易被英俄两国误认为对中亚有野心。 “俄国人的备战工作，做到了哪一步，什么时候可以向阿富汗地区发起进攻？” 事实上，早在一年前沙皇政府就开始备战了。只不过当时的作战目标，只是夺取中亚部分地区。 阿富汗根本就不在沙皇政府的计划范围之内，最高目标也就是扶持傀儡政权，充当英俄两国的缓冲。 随着战场上的进展顺利，和英军的拙劣表现，俄国人的期待值也不断增加，现在想要吞下阿富汗地区。 在这种背景下，原来的战争准备自然就不足了。大约从三个月前开始，亚历山大三世就下达了全国备战令。 只是“全国备战”，不是“全国动员”。阿富汗地区的地形限制了双方的兵力投入，只要物资充足就够了，区区几十万大军还不需要俄国人举国动员。 外交大臣韦森贝格：“这只是一场局部战争，理论上来说，过了这么长的时间，俄国人应该做好了战争准备。 不过我们从俄罗斯帝国的军队调动、物资流动、铁路运输等情况分析，恐怕还需要一段时间进行协调。” 战争最考验政府的组织能力，对俄国官僚弗朗茨不抱有任何信心，出现混乱是必然的。 备战不是说把物资生产出来就行了，更关键的还是要把物资送到前线的士兵手中，才能够真正发挥作用。 原时空的第一次世界大战，就是俄国官僚主义的巅峰之作，前线的士兵在饿肚子，后方的粮食堆在仓库里发霉。 类似的事情，两次普俄战争中也发生过。事实上，第一次普俄战争，俄国军队也是被国内的官僚给坑死的。 “对了，昨天英国媒体还刊登了俄军在中亚地区屠城的新闻，据说还附上照片。 如果消息是真实的话，那么中亚局势就不是沙皇政府说得那样一片太平。” 听到“屠城”的消息，弗朗茨眉头一愣。进入19世纪后期，全世界都很少传出屠城的消息了。 不过以俄军的作风，发生几次屠城事件，也不是什么好奇怪的。毕竟中亚三汗国还顶着叛徒的名号，对待叛徒俄国人肯定是要报复的。 如果这个消息不是英国人发布的，那么可信度就更高了。 没办法，英国人的节操实在是不高。就算是有图有真相，同样也可以造假。 无非是换一身军装的问题，只要是政治需要，弗朗茨相信约翰牛干得出来。 虽然屠杀土著，在这年头不是什么大事，可是对国家形象的伤害还是很大的。 在英俄战争一触即发的关键时刻，谁的国际形象更好，谁就能够在战争中更容易获得国际舆论的支持。 沉思了片刻功夫后，弗朗茨严肃的说道：“派人尽快核实消息的真假，宣传部准备舆论疏导工作，不要让屠杀事件波及到我们。” 俄奥两国是盟友，要是俄国人屠城事件被实锤了，奥地利也会跟着被舆论骂。 国际上挨骂也就罢了，弗朗茨就算是想管，手也伸不到那么长。 但是国内的舆论，必须要给控制住了，万万不能发生舆论绑架政府决策的奇葩事。 至始至终，弗朗茨关注的重点都是奥地利自身。至于俄国人的麻烦，那能算麻烦么？ 如果不是实在够不到，他都要充当热心人士，支持中亚人民的反侵略战争了。 …… 圣彼得堡 “英国人在国际上大肆抹黑我们的国际形象，你们觉得该如何应对？” 从语气中就可以看出来，亚历山大三世没有把这当成一回事。 挨骂就挨骂，反正俄罗斯帝国也有在国际上挨骂的传统，欧洲世界骂了他们几百年，日子还是照样过。 在亚历山大三世看来俄军有没有在中亚地区屠城，实质上并不重要。 本身俄罗斯帝国在欧洲世界的形象就算野蛮人，不是三言两语就能够扭转的。 野蛮人屠城，完全是正常操作。要是俄军在中亚秋毫无犯，反而有问题。 外交大臣奥斯卡·希门尼斯回答道：“陛下，英国口中的屠杀事件发生在中亚，死的又都是土著异教徒，欧洲世界的关注度不会太高。 要是直接解释就上了英国人的恶当，无论我们拿出多少证据，都会有人先入为主相信屠城是真的。 不如反其道而行之，英国人指责我们在中亚屠城，我们也可以揭露他们在阿富汗地区的暴行、在印度暴行…… 如果还是顶不住，那就翻旧账，把所有的殖民帝国都拖下水，分散国际舆论的压力。” 或许别的国家可以指责俄国人屠城，唯独英国人没有资格，他们在阿富汗地区干的事情，也不比屠城好多少。 事实上，在这个比烂的年代，谁也不比谁干净多少。每一个殖民帝国，都是建立在尸山血海之上的，没有任何例外。 最近这些年，很少听到屠城的消息，不等于就没有发生。 只不过大家学乖了，知道要低调处理。屠城的影响太过恶劣，或许发生的次数减少了，但是殖民地屠杀事件仍然屡有发生。 亚历山大三世点了点头，解释不存在的，自家人知道自家事，俄军的军纪怎么样，大家都是一清二楚。 或许没有动则屠城那么夸张，但是发生屠杀事件再正常不过了，这也是沙皇政府默许的。 从中亚三汗国刺背俄罗斯那一刻开始，沙皇政府就决定了要报复，前线的俄军无非是在贯彻这一意志。 “舆论上的问题是小事，影响不到接下来的战争，关键是中亚地区的局势。 伊万诺夫元帅，军方还要多长时间才能够肃清地方，启动下一步作战计划？” 虽然不怎么注重细节，但是亚历山大三世还是意识到了中亚局势的不稳。 前线的俄军又不是疯子，只有在社会秩序失控的时候，才会采取极端手段。 正常情况下，最多也就劫财、劫色。没有足够的利益，吃饱了撑着才去玩儿屠杀。 一直低头不语，想要降低存在感的伊万诺夫元帅，意识到躲不过去了，硬着头皮回答道：“陛下，以目前的局势我无法给出准确时间。 主要是中亚地区太大了，击败了敌军主力过后，有大量的散兵游勇四处流窜，开始为祸四方。一时半会儿，我们很难找到他们的藏身之地。 陆军部计划先肃清部分地区，开辟出一条通往阿富汗地区的安全通道，等夺取阿富汗地区过后再回头收拾他们。” 这是事实，中亚地区确实太大了，足有好几百万平方公里，根本就不是几十万俄军能够顾过来的。 真要肃清地方，没有几年时间根本就办不到，而俄罗斯帝国现在最缺的就是时间。 英国人已经控制了阿富汗地区，虽然还有抵抗组织存在，可是这些人能够坚持多久，谁也不能保证。 一旦让英国人肃清了游击队，在当地站稳了脚跟，再想要从他们手中夺取阿富汗就难了。 略加思索过后，亚历山大三世缓缓说道：“就这么办吧！不过军方要加快速度，不要贻误了战机。” …… (本章完)

神圣罗马帝国-883.第866章 阴谋论-69书吧 第866章 阴谋论 1889年是非常特殊的一年，吃瓜群众们看足了热闹。 从最初的中亚战争、阿富汗战争，到公使案爆发，紧接着英俄两国又开启了精彩绝伦的撕逼大战。 然而这只是开始，本来说好的只是英俄撕逼，结果不守规则的英国人，率先祭出了拖人下水大法。 从下半年开始，欧洲各大殖民帝国的黑历史，都不断被曝光了出来。 奥地利也没有能够例外，搞得弗朗茨这个吃瓜群众，都不能好好吃瓜了。 这个时候，要是还不知道这是英国人的阴谋，他就白当这么多年皇帝了。 什么“中亚屠杀案”、“各国黑历史”，都是为了转移国际舆论，才搞出来的。 俄国公使在伦敦被人大庭广众之下给弄死了，发生了这么大的事情，英国政府根本就说不清楚。 国际社会根本就不认可英国人给出的说法，各国纷纷督促英国政府尽快破案，给公使案画上一个圆满的句号。 最近这些年，英国政府拉了不少仇恨，各国联合施压除了要打击这种破坏游戏规则的行为外，同样也有借题发挥的意思。 理由充分，又是欧洲各国一起上的，英国人事后想要报复，也找不到借口报复。 当然报复是次要问题，带头逼宫的是俄奥两国，根本就不怕被报复。 其他国家只是来凑数的，这个时候站出来，主要是了为了刷一下自己的存在感。 对小国来说，要是长时间不在国际上冒泡，被人给遗忘了，那也是一场灾难。 “公使案”伦敦政府是既不想查，也查不下去。在这种背景下，当然要想办法转移公众注意力了。 然后“俄国人在中亚屠城事件”就上线了，经过一番炒作过后，大家的关注重点就转移到各大殖民帝国的黑历史上。 作为受害者之一，弗朗茨现在也忙着善后消除影响，根本就顾不上寻英国人的晦气。 没有办法，按照英国媒体的说法，奥地利就是人类史上最大的奴隶贩子团伙，比葡萄牙、英格兰都要牛逼。 对英国人的说法，弗朗茨是一万个不认可。 开什么玩笑，奥地利要是成了奴隶贩子团伙，他这个皇帝不就成了最大的奴隶商人？ 在这个问题上，弗朗茨是敢对上帝发誓的，自己从来都没有从事过奴隶贸易。 奥地利政府同样也没有从事过奴隶贸易，甚至奥地利政府还是最早打击奴隶贸易的国家之一。 从开辟殖民帝国开始，奥地利政府就没有从奴隶贸易中抽取一丝一毫利润，干净的不能再干净了。 维也纳宫 看着抨击奥地利从事奴隶贸易的新闻，弗朗茨皱着眉头问道：“舆论上质疑我们的声音不断，宣传部有什么计划？” 嘴长在别人身上，人家硬是要说，奥地利也没有办法把嘴给人家堵上。 因为背后有国际势力操纵的缘故，就连之前的金元大法也不怎么好使了。就算是能够收买，这些报纸的要价也太高，奥地利又不是冤大头什么钱都会出。 宣传大臣路易·冯·拉瓦雷：“鉴于目前复杂的国际局势，我们除了被动解释之外，最好的办法还是把责任推出去。 早在三十年前，我们就废除了奴隶制，禁止任何奴隶贸易，这是人尽皆知的事情。 当年美洲各国劳动力严重不足，制约了国家经济的发展，为了帮助美洲各国发展经济，我们才将奥属非洲过剩的劳动力输送出去的。 本身就是为了互利共赢。为了保障移民们的正常生活，我们甚至还给他们发放了补助金。 移民在抵达美洲之前都是自由民，签订的合同上也约定了自由民身份，后面怎么变成了奴隶，这就要问当事国了。” 理由虽然有些牵强，弗朗茨还是选择了相信。 奥地利这些年陆续向美洲、波斯共计输送了上千万移民，真的就是为了帮助美洲各国发展经济，要是不信有合同为证。 这些珍贵的历史资料，维也纳政府都是有存档的。奥地利是应各国政府的请求，才答应输出国内多余的劳动力。 为了帮助大家共同富裕，维也纳政府是出钱出力，在劳动力输出过程中还赔了几千万神盾的巨款。 后面发生的事情，那完全是资本家们太贪婪了，才将一帮自由民变成奴隶的。 要追究责任，那也是当事国的法律不完善，要不然根本就没有后面的烂事，和奥地利没有丝毫的关系。 指责奥地利是奴隶贩子的人，都是一帮居心叵测之徒，谁见过倒贴钱给奴隶的奴隶贩子？ 沉思了片刻功夫后，弗朗茨摇了摇头：“这些还不够，在洗白我们的同时，还需要有反面例子来衬托。 欧洲从事过奴隶贸易的国家可不少，尽量把话题往他们身上带，尤其是英国人需要重点照顾。 他们才是人类有史以来最大的奴隶贩子兼毒品贩子，这些都是对人类文明的亵渎，我们必须要揭露英国人的阴谋，让更多的人了解真相。” 你坑我，我坑你。这才是列强之间的相处之道，英国人敢四处煽风点火，弗朗茨就不介意把英国人架在火上烤。 若论黑历史，奥地利只是一个小弟弟。尤其是在同行们的衬托下，更是完全不值得一提。 “是，陛下！” 回答完后，作为宣传大臣路易·冯·拉瓦雷就头疼了起来。 揭露英国人的黑历史容易，反正他们浑身上下都是黑的，根本洗不干净。 可是要用在阴谋论上，就要好好研究了。不是因为阴谋太少，反而是英国人的阴谋太多了，多到超乎常人想象的地步。 具体可以参考奥地利总参谋部制定的那几屋子计划，里面不乏有奇思妙想，稳健的可以苟到底，激进的马上就要当球长。 看出了宣传大臣的烦恼，弗朗茨补充道：“阴谋论的重点放在毒品上。 英国人四处贩卖鸦片，除了谋取暴利之外，还有想要通过鸦片毒害全世界，弱化各国的实力，为他们称霸世界做准备。 宣传部可以找一帮专家学者出面痛斥英国人的险恶用心，号召全世界一起禁止吸食鸦片。 可以让外交部配合你们，必要的时候可以用政府的名义召开一次全球禁毒会议。” 禁毒的事情，弗朗茨早就想干了。遗憾是在此之前，大家还没有意识到鸦片的危害性，很多人都把鸦片当万能药使用。 所以禁毒的事情，就只能奥地利关起门来自己干了。国际上依然是鸦片泛滥，在某些地区鸦片还成了通硬货币。 随着科学技术的发展，越来越多的人意识到了鸦片的危害性，社会上主张禁止鸦片流通呼声越来越高。 号召全世界禁毒的基本条件已经勉强具备了，恰好英国人又这个时候送上门来了，弗朗茨没有道理不打掉他们这笔财源。 不需要所有的国家一起参与，只要几个主要强国参与，就能够形成国际法。 就算是不能禁绝鸦片，那也可以好好恶心一下英国人，打击他们的国际形象。 路易·冯·拉瓦雷提醒道：“陛下，英国人自己也是吸食鸦片的，本土和殖民地均有大量的鸦片流通，指责他们借助鸦片削弱各国的实力，这个理由恐怕有些牵强。” 不得不承认鸦片商人厉害，在国际上坑害全世界的同时，也没有忘了回去坑自家的同胞。 毕竟是为了赚钱，赚谁的都一样。 弗朗茨微微一笑：“没有关系，这个罪名向国际上宣布就行了。在不列颠换一套说辞就行了，比如说：资本家企图利用鸦片控制不列颠。 重点强调一下吸食鸦片上瘾，一旦染上毒瘾就再也离不开鸦片，然后只能任由幕后的资本家摆布。” 胡说八道也无所谓，反正总会有人信的。就算是鸦片商人没有敢这么干，可是谁也不能保证他们没有想过。 英国政府禁止鸦片的法案，一直都没有通过，只有一部《毒品药店法案》，约等于没有限制。 (本章完)


Chapter 867: Cleaning Up


Henry, get here, now you need to give me a reasonable explanation..." The person who is furious is the famous British opium tycoon George Grande, who is enough to rank among the top ten opium dealers in the world.








Henry, who was in charge of public opinion and public relations, hurried over and explained: "Sir, this matter is very special. The source of public opinion is not in the country. It may be related to the recent international disputes. The first person to slander Panacea was the Austrian newspaper. The domestic newspaper The newspapers just reprinted it..." It's okay not to be nervous, opium dealers are ruthless people. If an opium tycoon like George Grande didn't have hundreds of lives under his command, why would he be able to gain a foothold in this circle?











Let the outside world know that our Panacea Association is not easy to mess with!" Facing the furious George Grande, Henry really didn't have the courage to refuse, and replied anxiously: "Yes, Sir! It's just Austria..." Before he could finish his words, George Grand slammed the table and cursed: "Damn the Austrian bastards, they should have been destroyed at the beginning, but now it has become the climate, and you dare to lay hands on..." As early as decades ago when Austria legislated to ban the opium trade, the opium traffickers wanted to retaliate, but their rulers in the British government were not stupid.













After a pause, he slowly said: "You don't have to worry about political matters. I will communicate with my colleagues and work together to overcome the crisis." Being able to stand out among many competitions, George Grande is naturally not an easy candidate. generation. He was certainly aware of the people's deep hatred of the opium trade.


















If we cannot properly handle these problems, we will encounter more troubles later. Do you have any good ways to deal with it?" Few countries dare to directly confront Britain, but If you do something secretly, everyone will have no pressure.





Based on past experience, to suppress a focus of public opinion, it can only create a greater focus of public opinion. The main reason we failed to divert public attention this time was that we made too many enemies. We should learn from our lessons now.



This public opinion has affected the interests of some capitalists. I believe they will help us guide public opinion. As for international public opinion, let them go!" Although the opium trade is not an important financial source for the government, the opium trade is not an important financial source for the government. Dealers are definitely the biggest donors to newspapers, bureaucrats, and parliamentarians.







Chapter 868 Anti-Drug Campaign


















The situation is as we expected. Almost. If nothing else happens, after the news spreads, there will be several countries outside Europe that will support us. The opium trade is harmful to everyone. The remaining countries have not publicly expressed their stance, mainly because they are worried about being attacked by the British. In retaliation, most of them also hope that the anti-smoking movement will succeed.

Once the international conference is convened, there should be no problem in passing a bill prohibiting the circulation of opium." The British plundered the wealth of countries around the world through the opium trade, seriously damaging everyone's interests.











"Is there something wrong with the relationship between Britain and France? Why has the French government been causing trouble for the British recently?" It's not that Franz is sensitive. From the beginning of the alliance to the present, the French government has been causing trouble for the British. Of course, the British The government has also dug holes for the French.





Whenever a conflict of interest occurs, or one party loses value, this alliance will fall apart immediately." This answer was very speechless, but thinking about the farce in the early days of the British-French alliance in the original time and space, Franz understood.










After a pause, Franz continued to ask: "To what extent has the Ministry of Agriculture's promotion of potassium fertilizer reached, and how much can domestic grain production capacity increase this year?" Agriculture Minister Halls: "The promotion of potassium fertilizer is still relatively smooth. At present, the domestic grain production capacity Most farms have accepted potassium fertilizer, and many farms have already tried it.


Grain production capacity has increased significantly, and it should start to explode from next year. This year’s grain production The production capacity will be slightly increased." This is an inevitable result. No matter how good the product is, no one will have any confidence before trying it out.








Chapter 869 Final Preparations

























"Give electricity to the country and tell London that we need reinforcements, a lot of reinforcements! If we want to defend Afghanistan, we need to reinforce at least 20 more infantry divisions in the country. They must be the main force of the local forces .The Indian colonial army is simply not   enough ." The young officer panicked and persuaded: "Your Excellency, Commander, is 20 infantry divisions too much? I'm afraid the country will not agree." For land power powers such as Russia, Austria and France, 20 infantry divisions are not worth mentioning at all. , if supplies are sufficient, it can be put together in up to ten days and a half.




Lieutenant General Patrick shook his head: "Mar, put away your little thoughts, don't forget who our enemy is this time! Facing the Russians, how many 20 infantry divisions are there? If there really is a fight, you will find that on the battlefield Human life is worthless. The Prussian-Russian War is the best example. Both sides suffered millions of casualties.

Although this war in Central Asia may not be as crazy as the Prussian-Russian War, it is not that easy to kill hundreds of thousands of people. It's over." Looking at the stunned young officers, Lieutenant General Patrick just sighed secretly: Britain's young generation is too fragile and cannot withstand any disturbance.


















Putting down the documents in his hands, Okinets said slowly: "After the cleanup is completed, let's generate electricity for the country! As long as the supplies are in place, we can launch an attack on Afghanistan." You can tell from his tone that Okinets Admiral Nietz is very helpless now. If he had a choice, he would never take the position of commander this time.







The middle-aged officer did not seem to realize that Okinets was in a bad mood, and replied happily: "Yes, Your Excellency, Commander!" Everyone was in different positions and saw different scenery.







recommend the book "Reborn as a Pirate" (End of Chapter)


Chapter 870 The Anglo-Russian War breaks out.

London finally mustered up the courage and made up its mind to fight the Russians. The British government was directly by Lieutenant General Patrick's telegram asking for help.

Putting down the telegram in his hand, Prime Minister Gladstone asked doubtfully: "Aren't there already 400,000 troops on the front line? Why do we need reinforcements?" It's not that Prime Minister Gladstone is making a fuss. In fact, Britain has never played with scale in its history. Such a big strategy game.



Secretary of the Army Rosario: "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, the Department of the Army has carefully studied Lieutenant General Patrick's request for help, and can basically confirm that his request is reasonable. The Russians are coming menacingly, and according to intelligence, they have already invested in Central Asia. With half a million troops, we do not rule out the possibility of additional troops later.






Because Afghanistan The region is mountainous, and the base camps of the resistance organizations are all deep in the mountains and forests. Our troops in Afghanistan have conducted many encirclement and suppression campaigns, but they have not been able to catch them all. Once the war with the Russians breaks out, these people will jump out to cause destruction. We We must leave enough troops to deal with emergencies and prevent them from cooperating with the Russians.

..." There are many reasons, but they can be summed up in one, that is, expand the army quickly, the front line can hardly wait.





One million people or two million People, or three million people, or even four million people?" This is the most realistic question. Afghanistan is a landlocked country. Materials such as food and cloth may be provided by the Indian Viceroyalty, but weapons and ammunition must be To be shipped from the mainland.








As long as the Russians are defeated Twice, let them realize the strength gap between the two sides, and the subsequent problems will be easier to solve." Spending money is a must.





After hesitating for a moment, Prime Minister Gladstone said slowly: "Let's vote collectively and report the final resolution to the Parliament." When the situation is unclear and we are unwilling to take responsibility alone, collective resolution is undoubtedly the best option. s Choice.








Alexander III asked: "The passage south to Afghanistan has been opened. Now it depends on the Logistics Department. How long will it take for you to transport the materials to the front line?" Logistics Minister Argent hurriedly replied: "At most two days Within a few months, we will be able to deliver all the strategic materials in the plan to the combat troops on the front line." I don't know since when, going south to India has become the most important national policy of the tsarist government. All strategic plans are around this core.




We are making preparations, and the British are not idle either. The British Parliament is discussing whether to increase troops in Afghanistan. Once the enemy's main reinforcements arrive, , it will be difficult for this war to end in a short time." There are no secrets in the British Parliament, and any valuable information entering here will appear in London newspapers in the shortest possible time.






As long as the frontline troops do not take advantage of the credit, Our logistics will be able to keep up, and there will be no problems." In theory, there is nothing wrong with Argent's statement.






After pondering for a while, Alexander III, who was a little tempted, confirmed again: "Can the Logistics Department really guarantee that the supplies will arrive on time?" Guarantees do not exist. Everyone involved in logistics knows that there are too many unexpected situations. Especially the force majeure of nature.

Argent replied bravely: "The Logistics Department will try its best to ensure that most of the supplies arrive on time. There is no way to guarantee it for each unit. In addition to the military notifying us of the combat plan in advance and the Logistics Department preparing in advance, we can Maybe to keep up with the pace of the frontline troops." After hearing this explanation, Alexander III was not worried but happy. As long as the overall supply is sufficient and the supplies of individual troops are lagging behind, it will be a minor problem.



After a pause, Alexander III said cautiously: "I will give you another half month to transport as many supplies as possible to the front line. We cannot miss this fighter plane." Seeing the Tsar's resolute attitude, Marshal Ivanlov wanted to He stopped talking. He always felt that there was something wrong here, but he couldn't find what the problem was.




Kavin is out of shape today. He really can't figure it out, so he needs to take a day off.



Chapter 871 Delay On




In the British Government Building in London , Prime Minister Gladstone frowned and asked: "Didn't you say that the Russians were not ready for war? Why did the war break out early?" Britain is not a fool. While preparing for war, , and did not forget to collect intelligence on the Russians' war preparations.




Foreign Secretary George responded very depressedly: "The Russians are indeed not ready for war. Our intelligence agents lurking in the Russian Empire have confirmed it many times. The war broke out early. Perhaps the Tsarist government was aware of our plan and took action first." " There is no problem with the intelligence, and the British government's judgment is also logical, but the Russians don't follow the routine.


After pondering for a moment, Prime Minister Gladstone asked uncertainly: "The Russians launched a war in advance. Can our troops in Afghanistan be able to hold on?" In recent decades, wars between Britain and European powers have , all ended in failure, and even the Afghan natives suffered heavy losses.





Army Secretary Rosario shook his head: "The Russians are coming fiercely, and they will not give up until they capture Afghanistan. The Prussian-Russian War is a lesson learned. At its peak, the Russians once mobilized four to five million troops to fight on the front lines. The troops are kept at two million.




Unless the Russians invest no more than 200,000 troops in the attack, Otherwise it will be difficult for us to take advantage." Could the Russians have invested less than 200,000 troops?



After a pause, Rosario continued to add: "The war has broken out. In view of the complex situation in Afghanistan, the Army Department recommended the expansion of 60 infantry divisions, 20 artillery regiments, and two cavalry divisions..." Without waiting, Rosario After Salio finished speaking, Lord Astley Cooper Key, the Minister of the Navy, interrupted forcefully: "Are you kidding me? The Army has just expanded three infantry divisions not long ago, and the total strength of the Army has reached an astonishing Three hundred thousand.


As far as I know, Afghanistan is very mountainous, which is not conducive to large-scale military operations. The Russians can only invest three to five million at most. Troops, no matter how many logistics we have, we will be able to drag them to death. We have already taken the advantage of the first move. The troops on the front line can build fortifications and defenses on the spot based on the terrain. We don’t need many troops at all.

With an army of one million, you are preparing to go all the way from Central Asia. Fight to Moscow?" You can't do it without objecting. Britain's military expenditure is not unlimited. If the army gets more, the navy will get less.




Chancellor of the Exchequer Xiaozhi Childers: "Sir is right, the Afghan battlefield does not require so many troops at all, and we do not have the ability to support millions of troops fighting in Afghanistan. The army is not our strength in the first place, and the Russians A decisive battle in Afghanistan is simply unrealistic.

What we need is to hold on to Afghanistan and stop the Russians from thinking of going south, not to engage in a decisive battle with the Russians in Central Asia. For pure defense, the Indian colonial army can also be used. We can have as many such troops as we want, no matter how heavy the casualties are, there won’t be any trouble, and the cost is much lower.” It was the lion's opening, and Rosario did not expect the government to agree. It was expected that it would be opposed.

"I'm afraid you two have not understood the seriousness of the problem. War is not a game. The enemy will not follow our plan. The Russians provoked the war in advance is proof. The troops on the front line cannot fight forever. The troops need to be rotated and replenished. We must have enough reserves.




..." Lord Admiralty Sir Astley Cooper Key: "It's ridiculous. The army must be prepared to fail from the beginning. Could it be..." Seeing the quarrel escalate, Grice Prime Minister Dayton stopped him and said: "That's enough! The Russians are coming. If the noise continues, everyone will prepare to collect the corpses of the troops on the front line!



The Army immediately began to expand, with an expansion of 400,000 troops first. If necessary, later based on actual conditions Let’s discuss the situation later.” Originally, Prime Minister Gladstone wanted to reinforce the twenty infantry divisions on the front line in one go, but unfortunately there were not that many troops in the country.












Chapter 872 The Most Incorruptible Department














Franz: "Sell the mortars we just equipped to the Russians. Afghanistan is mostly mountainous and they need a light artillery." The British Empire has a solid foundation and has not suffered heavy losses. To make them both lose, Franz had to find a way to increase the strength of the Russians.




Army Minister Fislav reminded with some embarrassment: "Your Majesty, the Russians introduced mortar production lines as early as three years ago, and now many troops have equipped them." The Russian-Austrian alliance is not an alliance in the simple sense. , since the First Near East War was led astray, Russian armaments began to become Austrian.















Franz asked doubtfully: "The Russians attach so much importance to armaments?" In his subconscious, the Tsarist government did not attach importance to the upgrading of armaments.









Relying on this covert method of accepting bribes, the Russian military's international procurement department became the most clean department in the tsarist government, and even set a historical record of no one being held accountable for corruption and bribery in ten years. " After hearing this explanation, Franz rolled his eyes directly. Sure enough, the Tsarist government is still the Tsarist government he is familiar with, and the bureaucrats are still as rude when making money.





























In the Russian temporary command headquarters, General Okinets asked with concern: "Have the Afghan resistance organizations been contacted?" There is no doubt that in his strategic plan, the Afghan resistance organizations are also an important force.






Because of religion, the relationship between these resistance organizations is not very harmonious, and it is almost impossible to integrate them." "One hundred families", "two hundred families", like this The numbers directly refreshed General Okinets’ outlook. According to his estimate, there are only two or three Afghan resistance organizations at most.



"If we integrate it, wouldn't it be possible to..." This tempting idea was killed by Admiral Okinets as soon as it was born. The purpose of the Russian army coming here this time is not to bring warmth to the Afghans.






Chapter 873: The fall of Andhuy







In the headquarters of the 9th Indian Colonial Division, Colonel Makhau asked with a haggard look: "When will the reinforcements arrive?" Before the young officer in front of him could answer, artillery fire rang out again, and the Russian army began to attack the city again.






Aware of the division commander's ugly expression, the young officer replied anxiously: "Division Commander, the communications troops we sent out to ask for reinforcements should be able to arrive in Mazar Sharif this afternoon. Theoretically, the reinforcements can arrive as soon as five days later.


If the Fifth Division does not send troops, it can only wait for an order from the headquarters. It will take another week for the communications troops sent to the headquarters to arrive. In Kabul, it may take half a month for reinforcements to arrive. " Without considering other factors, purely from a military perspective, it is still valuable for the tsarist government to launch a war in advance.










After hesitating for a moment, Colonel Makau said slowly: "Order the troops to hold on until night and then withdraw to the second line of defense." Colonel Makau had to be grateful that he was cautious enough and deployed a few more lines of defense. You can back off step by step to delay time.










Major General Howell suggested: "Your Excellency, Commander, the Russians are coming fiercely. We may not have enough troops deployed on the front line. Let's send reinforcements to the front line!" Although he did not receive specific battle reports from the front line, I think everyone knows with his toes, The situation will not be optimistic.





If we miss this opportunity, we will face the dual threat of the Russians and Afghan guerrillas, and future wars will only be more detrimental to us. " Because of the encirclement and suppression of the guerrillas, nearly half of the British troops in Afghanistan are hiding in the ravines. Except for a few strategic locations on the front line, there are insufficient troops in other areas.

Such a deployment of troops cannot be miscalculated. After all, the Afghan guerrillas The threat to the British army was also very great. During the most rampant period, it could cause hundreds of casualties to the British army every day, and it would be impossible without encirclement and suppression. It can only be said that the British army was unlucky. When encircling and suppressing the guerrillas, they encountered the Russian The army attacked, making it impossible to care about each other.

Howell shook his head: "Now we don't care so much. The guerrillas can only disgust us, but the Russians have the ability to take Afghanistan from our hands." Dividing our forces for reinforcements is not the best option, but we have no choice now. Once the Russians come in, it will be difficult to drive them out.



Before the communication problem is solved, it is inappropriate for the headquarters to be placed in Kabul. When we receive the news, we will not be able to catch up with the front line to collect the corpses. " ...






The center route army starts from the first..." The plan did not change quickly. Just when the British army gave up encircling and suppressing the guerrillas and divided their forces to reinforce the front line, the battlefield of Andhuy also entered a critical moment.

After a week of hard support, guarding Andhuy Iraq's 9th Infantry Division still collapsed, and the reinforcements from the 5th Division that Colonel Makau was expecting never showed up. It's not that the commander of the 5th Division didn't have an overall view of the situation, the problem is that the Russians have already appeared in Mazar Sharif In the area, the battle is about to break out.




Looking at the hundreds of people gathered around him, Colonel Makau knew that the situation was over, and reluctantly ordered: :"withdraw! " ...



Chapter 874 Strategic Analysis












"It has been almost a month since the Anglo-Russian war broke out. The Russians, who took the lead, did not mobilize heavy troops to seize the strategic Herat and Wakhan Corridor. Instead, they captured Andhuy. What do you think is the real purpose of the Russian commander? What?" This is a question without an answer, and it tests your imagination. It doesn't matter whether it's rational analysis or even guessing.












Forcibly borrow a road from Persia and penetrate to Herat At the rear, cut off the defenders' retreat, and then carry out a siege." Whether Colonel Dank's plan is feasible or not, Franz cannot draw a conclusion without detailed local information, but this idea deserves recognition in the first place.




Without making any comments, Franz just smiled at Colonel Dank, and then ordered the attendant next to him: "Record it first. Do you have any different opinions?" As the most imaginative department in Austria, there has never been unity. As soon as Franz finished speaking, another officer spoke.






If I were the Russian commander, the first thing I would consider is how to solve the logistics problem, at least to ensure that the frontline troops will not go hungry, rather than how to win. The British Army in Herat Heavy troops are deployed in the area, and the only area that the Russian army can easily capture is the Andhuy area. Occupying the local area can at least solve the problem of feeding tens of thousands of Russian troops.

From this aspect, the strategic significance of the Russians' capture of Andhuy, and Not much smaller than seizing the Wakhan Corridor." Although it was a bit hard to accept, Franz still believed that it was really possible. After all, Russian bureaucrats are magical creatures, and they have deceived frontline combat troops countless times.












Chapter 875 The Underestimated Napoleon IV




"What happened on the front line, why did Andhuy fall, and what did Patrick do for food?" Three "what" questions in a row were enough to prove that Prime Minister Gladstone was in a very bad mood now.







If he does not If anything unexpected happens, the front line has been stabilized now, and we can launch a counterattack just waiting for our reinforcements to arrive." It was okay not to explain, but after listening to Patrick's explanation, everyone present became more and more uneasy.




"The situation on the battlefield is changing very quickly. The Army Department must take responsibility. It has been almost a month since the war started. Why haven't the reinforcements set off yet?" Faced With the Prime Minister's accusation, Rosario bit the bullet and explained: "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, There is a lot of preparation work required for the troops' labor expedition.


If possible, it is best to leave the troop transport ship The Suez Canal is not only short in time but also windy and waveless." There is no way, even if you are a maritime nation, it does not mean that every British person is not seasick, and most of the army soldiers have never left the British Isles.




When the Suez Canal was opened, it issued an announcement: The canal company will maintain absolute neutrality during the war and prohibit the Any military ship of the belligerent country is open to navigation." Let alone war times, British warships cannot sail through the Suez Canal in normal times, and must detour through the Cape of Good Hope every time.










After a pause, Prime Minister Gladstone asked: "Can you persuade the French government to help, even if it means paying a certain price?" The regulations are also set by people, and it is not impossible to circumvent them. Troop transport ships cannot be navigable, which does not mean that ordinary merchant ships cannot be navigable.





The French are unreliable, and the Paris government will not support us once things are exposed." There is no way, Britain and France have been cheating each other for hundreds of years. Even if they form an alliance now, no one can guarantee that the French will not deliberately trick them.








"There is no room for any accidents in the Afghan battlefield. The reinforcements should go to the Cape of Good Hope. It is really uneasy to place our hopes on the French." ...





Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec: "Your Majesty, both Britain and Russia are urging us to fulfill our obligations as allies." The French government is actually playing tricks with the British and secretly has a secret agreement with the Russians. If this news gets out, , it is estimated that the whole world will be shocked.







As for the issue of sending troops, let them first convince the Vienna government. As long as Austria declares war on the British , we will follow up immediately." The British government welcomes the French army's dispatch of troops to Afghanistan. But it is absolutely impossible to provide the French with an outlet to the sea in India.






Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec said bravely: "Your Majesty, wouldn't this be a good answer?" (End of Chapter)

