Close
Holy Roman Empire-1162. Chapter 1140 Battle of the English Channel-69 Book Bar
2021-02-03 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1140 The Battle of the English Channel

  With the roar of planes, the British offensive and defensive battle that shocked the world officially kicked off.

  The first thing to start was naturally a fierce air battle. Below them were their respective naval fleets. Now there was no room for both sides to retreat.

  The planes in the sky were fighting fiercely, and the warships below were also engaged in a life-or-death duel. The Continental United Fleet was already in a melee with the Royal Navy, and the battle to determine the fate of the two camps had begun.

  The Chief of Staff of the Holy Roman Empire, Morkes, has personally visited the front line to command the multinational coalition operations, and Crown Prince Frederick has personally served as the commander-in-chief of the coalition forces.

  Just looking at the specifications, you can tell that this is a war in which only victory is allowed and no defeat is allowed.

  In fact, such personnel appointments are made out of necessity. Not just anyone can serve as the commander-in-chief of the coalition forces. Ability is secondary. The key is that the identity or prestige must be high enough to be able to coordinate the relationship between allies.

  It's not that there are people like this in Shinra, but after taking into account the "high power and shocking master", there is not much room for choice.

  In theory, Franz is naturally the best candidate. With the prestige accumulated over the years, as long as Franz stood there, everyone had to be obedient, and no one dared to jump out and stab him.

  Unfortunately, reality does not allow it. During the war, there are more places that need coordination in the country, and the emperor is indispensable.

  In this context, the position of commander-in-chief of the coalition forces naturally fell on Frederick.

  Anyway, the most important job of the commander-in-chief of the coalition forces is to coordinate the relationship between the coalition forces of various countries. Professionals are responsible for the specific military command.

  If you carefully study the personnel appointments in various battlefields of the HRE, you will find that the top military commanders in the main battlefields such as Southeast Asia, Central America, and the Near East are all members of the royal family.

  From this perspective, this war is also an attempt by the Shinra royal family to strengthen its control over the army.

  There was no trouble, mainly because Franz was suppressing it. The deeper reason was that the emperor was generous enough and took care of even the lower-level officers and soldiers by winning people's hearts.

  Now everyone is thinking about winning the war quickly so that they can share the spoils quickly. Those who have no power will not be able to enjoy the land.

  The general trend is such that even if some individuals have other ideas, they can only keep them in their hearts.

  The empire's allegiance was originally to the emperor, and it had a tradition that lasted for thousands of years. New ideas could not be defeated in a short time. Especially in the Holy Roman Empire, where the aristocratic system was still at its peak, the impact was even smaller.

  The military has no objections, let alone the government. In the Holy Roman Empire, the separation of military and political affairs was no joke. Politicians who dared to reach out to the military would have long been in disgrace.

  It was the first time he commanded an army of millions in combat. Even though he was only responsible for coordinating relations between all parties, Frederick also felt the pressure.

  Different from the last gold plating, now there is something to be done. With armies from more than a dozen countries gathered together, it is difficult to smooth out the relationships among them, let alone fight together.

  If we simply calculate the combat power, 1+1 at this time is no longer equal to 2, and 1.6 is considered a good cooperation.

  And the more countries that participate in the coalition, the more the coalition's combat effectiveness will be weakened. In essence, this attack on the British Isles is to fight with a bunch of pig teammates.

  Regardless of how many pitfalls the pig teammates have, the coalition is still necessary. Even the tiny country of Monaco sent a company to make up the numbers.

  In addition to the need for cannon fodder on the battlefield, there are also political needs.

  In the long run, the more countries that are tied up now, the greater the power to suppress backlash in the future, the more stable the newly established international system will be after the war, and the more consolidated the hegemony of the Holy Roman Empire will naturally be.

  At the Calais Allied Forces Headquarters, looking at the operational staff rushing back and forth, listening to the "didi" sound of the telegram, Frederick, who was very energetic, felt irritable for no reason.

  The anxious waiting is the most exhausting thing. It is better to watch the battle in person. It's just that the concept of "a rich man cannot sit in court" has taken root in Frederick's mind, and he couldn't let him be willful.

  As time passed, the battle on the battlefield became more and more intense. The English Channel was shrouded in smoke and the water changed color.

  The sound of gunfire overwhelmed the sound of the tide and was deafening. From time to time, planes crashed, hitting the sea and causing waves.

  The fighting on the sea was even more brutal. The roaring explosions tell of the glory of the cannons and giant ships, and the rolling waves tell of the afterglow of the setting sun.

  This was the most glorious era of cannon and giant ships, and it was also the beginning of the decline of cannon and giant ships. The emergence of aircraft carriers has changed the mode of naval warfare.

  The wind and waves of the Atlantic Ocean can only prolong the life of the cannon giant ship. The Battle of the English Channel was destined to be the swan song of the big gun ship.

  There were more than 400 warships from both sides, and they directly formed a formation to engage in bombardment, as if they were two dueling knights.

  No matter how exhausted they were mentally or how serious their injuries were, both sides fought to the death for the glory of the knights.

  In the fierce melee, both fleets lost their formation. Being bombarded is child's play. At this point in the battle, it is almost impossible to find an unscathed warship.

  Some unlucky destroyers and cruisers were accidentally involved in a battleship duel, and the scene was a miserable one. There was even a warship possessed by the God of Mold, which was cut into two pieces.

  In the blood and fire, both sides were furious. Everyone's thinking came to a standstill, and there was only one goal in their minds - to kill the enemy.

  Some with a bad temper even drove the warship directly into it after the hull was seriously damaged. The scene was extremely tragic.

  As time goes by, the number of sunk warships on both sides is increasing, which is a true story of "one general can sink hundreds of ships".

  It was a close fight. Although the Royal Navy has the highest quality and more battleships, it has fewer dreadnoughts than the coalition forces.

  In the age of cannons and giant ships, whoever has bigger warships and sharper cannons has the advantage.

  In order to entangle the extra dreadnoughts in the Shinra Navy, the Royal Navy could only fight with three or five ordinary battleships, risking being sunk.

  With skillful tactical coordination, both sides also fought vigorously. The Continental Alliance's numerical advantage in dreadnoughts has not really been used.

  There is no way to bring the navies of various countries to the battlefield together. The number of warships has increased, but the tactical cooperation is unsustainable.

  It seems that they are uniting, but in fact everyone is still fighting on their own. The country's fleet cooperates well, but once it joins forces with its allies, it becomes very clumsy.

  Judging from the confrontation on the sea alone, the overall situation is evenly matched. No one can tell at a glance which side will be the final winner of this naval battle.

  Compared with the anxiety on the sea, the air battle is much clearer. Judging from the number of fighters that fell in Shan Cong, everyone knows who has the upper hand.

  The gap is always a gap, and it cannot be made up by a few slogans or a few words of deception.

  However, compared with the previous London air battle, the current British Air Force is obviously much more mature. As soon as the battle broke out, they swarmed forward, almost using the sudden numerical advantage to push back the Shinra Air Force.

  Unfortunately, it was still a little behind. As the follow-up fighters arrived, this advantage was quickly reversed.

  The initial advantage gained was quickly lost. The battle has come to an end, and we can only rely on our passion to contain him.

  Dumplings began to rain in the sea, including those made from airplanes and those made from warships. There were also a variety of sub-flavors, which whetted Haiyang's appetite.

  The weather gradually darkened, and it was difficult to clearly locate the target on the battlefield. Both sides had to withdraw their troops at the expense of money.

  At this moment, the sea was in a mess, and the night saved both warring parties. But no one can tell what will happen tomorrow.

  After the ceasefire, both sides sent search and rescue boats to rescue the officers and soldiers who fell into the water with searchlights. There is no distinction between friend and foe, as long as they are alive, they will be fished out.

  At this moment, no one is in the mood to fight. Even if they encounter someone, they will pretend not to see it and then walk away.

  Of course, the most important thing is that the search and rescue ship is unarmed, so it can't be used for collision, right?

  At midnight, Crown Prince Frederick, who was still waiting at the headquarters, finally received the day's battle report.

  The naval battle was not lost, which was definitely exciting news for the Continental Alliance. That's right, everyone's requirements are so high.

  For the Continental Alliance, it didn't matter whether they won the naval battle or not. As long as they could not lose, or not lose too badly, it would be a strategic victory.

  But after reading the battle report, Frederick couldn't be happy anymore.

  It is good news to lose both sides. The Continental Alliance has stronger industrial strength and faster warship replenishment, so there is absolutely no problem in fighting for consumption.

  However, some allies were wiped out by the group, and there were more than just one.

  During the daytime battle, the four navies of Montenegro, Sardinia, Two Sicilies, and Belgium were completely wiped out; the Greek Navy had only one destroyer left, and the Nordic Federation Navy also suffered more than half of its casualties.

  The navies of the above-mentioned countries do not have many ships. Even if the group is wiped out together, it will have little military impact, but the political impact will be huge.

  As the commander-in-chief of the coalition forces, Frederick now needed to give the victims a reasonable explanation.

  That's it for Greece and the Nordic Federation, which suffered heavy losses. The cannonballs on the battlefield had no eyes, and they could only blame their own bad luck. At worst, when the spoils are divided after the war, a few more warships can be compensated.

  But for the countries that were destroyed, we can't be so perfunctory. It would be difficult for the allies not to think too much if the entire army was annihilated without defeat.

  If you want everyone to accept the reality, you must at least prove that they were not used as cannon fodder during the daytime battle. The annihilation of the entire army is also a normal battle loss.

  Unfortunately, this thing cannot be explained clearly at all. Even if there are survivors and navies from other countries who can prove it, the Sufferer will selectively ignore it.

  Politics are often similar to children. Most of the time, children who cry get milk, while good children who don't cry or make trouble are often ignored.

  With such a good opportunity now, if we don't suffer misfortunes and have to compensate, it would be a shame for the sacrifices the navy has made.

  If nothing else, this is just the beginning. In the following battles, more and more similar troubles occurred.

  For example, Monaco, which sent a company of troops, and Montenegro, which sent a battalion of troops, could be wiped out in minutes on the battlefield.

  In fact, land warfare is fine. At worst, they can be put behind to serve as logistics troops, or sent to maintain order in the occupied areas.

  In the past few years, the Vienna government has also organized groups to clear dungeons many times, and there has never been a group wipeout, and it has rich experience in dealing with it.

  This time the situation is different. The army can move back, but the warships cannot hide and not go into battle.

  One more ship in a naval battle means more hope of victory. Even just one thousand-ton destroyer may be the straw that breaks the camel's back.

  If the navy continues to maintain a tie, the air force gradually gains the upper hand, and the landing operation is fully launched, the enemy will definitely attack the troop transport.

  A small country can send a limited number of troops, and they can be packed in one ship. If you are unlucky and happen to catch an enemy attack, you may go directly to the sea to feed the fish.

  There is no way to do this. To maintain an alliance, at least on the surface, a bowl of water must be maintained, and the care for small countries is also limited.

  No matter how many troops are sent, in the end they will have to go to the battlefield. Otherwise, not only other allies will have objections, but also our own officers and soldiers.

  Responsibility lies, no matter how troublesome it is, you must do it. In addition to these problems, the logistical supplies of troops from various countries, cooperation during war, fire support provided at critical moments, etc., all need to be coordinated.

  The commander-in-chief of the coalition forces is actually a comprehensive position that handles politics, military, and diplomacy.

  Because of the special nature of the war, the commander-in-chief of the coalition forces was given the power to make arbitrary decisions based on the situation.

  High-power positions are never easy to fill. Now can only be regarded as the beginning of trouble, far from reaching the peak.

  After closing the battle report, Frederick frowned even more and asked with a little hesitation: "Your Majesty, Chief of Staff, in the day's battle, our army suffered such heavy losses, what are the results?" The

  losses were really huge. , according to incomplete statistics, during the daytime battle, 37 warships were sunk, including three conventional battleships. Almost all warships suffered varying degrees of damage.

  Fortunately, the super battleship was thick-skinned, and the worst case was hemiplegia. It did not sink directly and could be rescued.

  318 fighter planes were shot down by the enemy, and thousands of fighter planes were damaged. Almost all the aircraft participating in the battle required major repairs. The Air Force's losses were the highest since the war began.

  As for the specific human losses, there are too many countries involved and it is impossible to summarize them at the moment. Preliminary estimates indicate that the number of casualties will not be less than 10,000, and the number of wounded will not be less than 15,000.

  Morkes waved his hand and said: "We haven't calculated it yet, and it's definitely not small. From the analysis of the situation on the battlefield, we can be sure that the enemy has more crashed fighter planes and sunk warships.

  However, this cannot be generalized. We have an advantage in the air force. , should have taken advantage.

  The Navy can't say for sure. After all, we have more new battleships, and the enemy uses old warships to fight, so it is normal for there to be more sunken warships.

  Comprehensive calculation of damaged and repaired warships, the current naval battleships in the short term It is still unknown who has the advantage."

  (End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1163. Chapter 1141 The gap in my heart-69 Book Bar
2021-02-03 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1141: Mental Gap
  While the coalition forces were suffering from heavy losses, the London government was even more gloomy.

  The Royal Navy, which had high hopes, not only failed to achieve a victory that swept away fallen leaves in the autumn wind, but did not even win.

  For Britain, a lose-lose outcome is failure. During the daytime battle, the Air Force tried its best to create opportunities for the Navy, but failed to achieve its strategic goals. It will be even harder to get such opportunities later.

  Without control of the air and unable to suppress the enemy's navy, the next battle to defend the British Isles will be unavoidable.

  Looking at the battle report in his hand, Campbell was speechless for a long time. It can be seen from the cold numbers above that the Royal Navy is really working hard.

  The failure to achieve victory was not because the Royal Navy did not work hard, but because the enemy was too powerful.

  Looking at the data on paper, even a military novice knows who is strong and who is weak. Yes, the Royal Navy does have an advantage when it comes to conventional warships, but it has seven fewer dreadnoughts as a combat force.

  Being able to defeat both sides with a weak attack and a strong one, the Royal Navy is worthy of its name as the overlord. But this is not enough. What Britain needs is victory, a hearty victory.

  ''Everyone has seen the battle report. Both the air force and the navy suffered heavy losses in the daytime battle. The number of casualties alone was as high as 14,000, setting a record since the war began.

  Weapons and equipment suffered heavy losses. It will be difficult for us to organize a second such battle for a long time to come.

  At such a high price, we also achieved amazing results and severely damaged the enemy's navy. But this is not enough. The enemy is stronger than we expected.

  Whether you are willing to admit it or not, the plan to rely on the navy to intercept enemy landings has failed. The next battle to defend the British Isles will become more brutal and bloody. ''

  There was no blame-shifting, no accountability, it was just a case-by-case basis. It's not that Campbell's moral integrity is very high. It's really pointless to talk about it now.

  Voices from the outside world criticizing the government have soared into the sky, and the status of the cabinet government in the hearts of the people has long since hit rock bottom.

  Campbell's own reputation also took a nosedive. If it weren't for political correctness and the merciless tone of the domestic media, he would have been the worst leader the British Empire had ever seen.

  But the worst Prime Minister has been crowned. Lord North, Spencer Percival, and the Duke of Wellington, none of these seniors could stop him from reaching the top.

  After all, it is a monarchy, and the worst leader must be a "regicide." The media also needs to be politically correct, and Campbell, who is recognized as "incompetent", can only follow suit.

  Of course, this is based on the premise that the war is not over yet; if the war is defeated, everyone will not be able to talk so easily.

  Interestingly, the Campbell cabinet, whose reputation had reached its lowest point, was not dismissed by Parliament. Especially in recent times, even impeachment proposals have disappeared.

  As if overnight, all competitors disappeared. The ready-made handles delivered to the door are of no use.

  On the contrary, the Campbell cabinet submitted their resignations to the king many times, hoping that some talented person would come forward to turn the tide.

  It's a pity that the talented person did not come out. Even Edward VII, who reestablished the authority of the British monarchy, kept a low profile after the outbreak of the war, delegated all government affairs to the cabinet, and became a hands-off treasurer.

  We can't blame everyone for being snobbish. In fact, the mess left by the previous administrations is too bad and the mess is too difficult to clean up.

  Even if the war was won by chance, Britain would suffer heavy losses. As a government leader, not only will you not gain prestige, but you will also be criticized for it.

  This was the case in the world war in the original time and space. The government that led Britain to win the war was ousted as soon as the war ended.

  Although the era is different, the political logic and essence are still the same. A smart person would never wade into this muddy water.

  Of course, Campbell's cabinet did not do a bad job, and it was also an important factor in being able to stay in office.

  Ordinary people may not understand, but the elites understand how difficult it is for one country to fight against the entire European continent.

  "The Army is ready for a decisive battle. We will defend the British Isles at all costs and let the enemy understand that landing is the biggest mistake.

  But defense alone cannot win the war. What's more, the enemy this time is the entire European continent. To win this war, the Navy and Air Force must have a more active strategic plan."

  Shouting the loudest slogan and pushing the matter to his colleagues, Marcus showed no shame at all.

  As the Secretary of War, Marcus knew all too well the quality of the lobster soldiers.

  Originally, the lobster soldiers were considered elite, and their combat effectiveness was among the best in the world. Unfortunately, after the expansion of the army, the combat effectiveness of the troops took a sharp turn.

  Whether they are willing to admit it or not, the current lobster soldiers are just a bunch of rabble.

  Since the Army was unable to complete the important task of defeating the Continental Union, it could only leave it to its colleagues.

  Anyway, the Army has always been a stepmother. You can do as much work as you want with military spending. In times of crisis, those with the most money should take over first.

  Fortunately for the Minister of the Air Force, as a new service, the Air Force usually does not receive many resources, so it is understandable that it cannot defeat the enemy.

  The Lord of the Admiralty is embarrassed. The Navy has long had the largest budget, and every time they compete for military budgets, the security of the British Isles must be discussed.

  Now it's time to protect the safety of the British Isles, but they have fallen behind.

  "The enemy is powerful" is not a reason. In the past, the Royal Navy's reputation was incredible, but its current performance simply cannot satisfy everyone.

  The ashamed and angry Swinding could only lower his head and pretended not to hear anything.

  There is no problem in counterattack. We will wait until the new warships enter service. As long as the gap in the battleships is filled, Swinding is still very confident in the Royal Navy.

  It just takes time. Even though the shipyard is working overtime, it still takes time.

  So far, only the northern shipyard has completed the construction of the main body of the warship and is about to launch it. The progress of other shipyards has been more or less delayed due to the impact of enemy air strikes.

  But time waits for no one on the battlefield. The Royal Navy cannot fully control the sea power, and the enemy can escort the army to the British Isles.

  Although the army has strengthened its defenses, Britain's coastline is so long that it is impossible to take care of all of it. It can only give priority to areas of high strategic value.

  Once the enemy successfully lands, no matter where they land, the political impact will be fatal.

  The Ocean Alliance is already in turmoil. If such bad news comes out again, it will force everyone to fly separately.

  The room fell silent, with only the sound of their own pulses beating. The depressing atmosphere made it difficult to breathe.

  Seeing that he couldn't escape, Swinding said slowly: "The losses during the day were too great. Most of the warships will need to be overhauled. We are not suitable for another decisive battle with the enemy in the short term.

  However, we will dispatch high-speed warships and submarines to attack the enemy's troop transports." and logistics ships.

  As for the comprehensive counterattack, we plan to put it in three months. By then, our new batch of warships will be in service, which will reverse the balance of strength between the two sides."

  This is the period when the Royal Navy is at its weakest, and it will go out to fight the enemy again. , and ordinary battleships must be used to contain the enemy's "dreadnoughts."

  This "containment" requires a price of blood. The battle during the day was enough to illustrate this point, and a full 5 battleships were sunk as a result.

  The price was so heavy, and the result was only damage to enemy ships.

  In contrast, the duel between dreadnoughts was much more harmonious. After the melee, many dreadnoughts on both sides were seriously injured, but none were directly sunk.

  There is nothing surprising. The hit rate of artillery in naval battles is inherently low. In addition, the armor of the dreadnought is thick and the defense is tight enough.

  Unless the main gun hits the vital point many times, it will only be partially damaged at best, and it will not survive at all.

  As long as luck is not too bad, the dreadnought's survivability in naval battles is still very strong.

  There were very few dreadnoughts in the original time and space, and they were directly sunk during warship bombardments; on the contrary, in the aircraft carrier era, many were killed by aircraft.

  There is no need to worry about aircraft carriers for the time being. The English Channel is just such a big place. The air force can reach it in less than an hour. Land is a natural aircraft carrier.

  "The Air Force will also sneak attack the enemy's troop carriers at the appropriate time. However, we must try to avoid such encounters during the day.

  After the Japanese death squads arrive, we will choose the right time to launch a sneak attack on the enemy's main naval force.

  In a short time Inside, we still need to accumulate strength. We can only provide limited fire support in daily wars."

  Strength is the basis of everything. The Air Force itself is not strong enough, and Attilio naturally does not speak forcefully.

  The most active strategy is limited to sneak attacks. There is no need to even think about the decisive battle between Shenma and Shenma.

  Even if the Air Force wanted to explode, it would not be able to provide enough aircraft and pilots. For a battle like this during the day, it would be impossible to organize a second wave in the short term.

  ...

  After listening to the military's opinions, Campbell's expression changed dramatically, as if he was having a fierce inner struggle.

  In the end, reason prevailed. Whether they wanted to admit it or not, it was difficult for Britain to win this war with the current situation.

  Unless the international situation changes drastically, the main members of the Continental League collectively defect, or the Holy Roman Empire collapses from within, Britain will be able to make a comeback.

  In order to expect such a huge change, it is better to pray to God and have meteorites fall from the sky to kill the enemy.

  It was a tragedy militarily, but even worse politically. The probability of winning the war is almost zero, but a decent end to the war is still possible.

  The British Empire at the beginning of the 20th century was truly a great empire. Even without Africa, it is still a behemoth.

  In the past, this was a symbol of Britain's glory, but now it was an obstacle to their escape.

  A big family and a big business will inevitably be remembered by others. Interests are attractive to people. If you want to end the war with dignity, you must first get rid of the prying eyes of hungry wolves.

  There were so many member states of the Continental League. If they had no ambitions for the wealth of the British Empire, they would probably be like Monaco.

  Anyone with some strength is now gearing up and waiting to carve up the feast. It is not easy to get everyone to stop.

  After hesitating for a while, Campbell said sternly: "No need to wait any longer, send back all the revolutionary parties we have taken in from various countries, activate all the secrets buried in the European continent, and provide them with support as much as possible..."

  (This chapter over)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1164. Chapter 1142 Seven Injury Fist-69 Book Bar
2021-02-03 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1142: Seven Injury Fist

  Just when the British government decided to use all its chips to stud, the outcome of the Battle of the English Channel was also spread by the Vienna government.

  The morale of the Continental Alliance has soared, and the wallflowers who were still wavering at first are now moving closer to the Vienna government.

  If it weren't for the fact that there were too many countries involved and the interests involved were too great to be finalized in a short while, the Continental Alliance would have expanded.

  On the contrary, the Ocean Alliance is in a state of gloom and gloom. As high as everyone's expectations for the Royal Navy were before, they are now disappointed.

  The boss is not doing his best, and the younger brothers are also in a difficult situation. If the current situation didn't allow everyone to retreat, I'm afraid would have to vote with their feet everyone.

  Blessings come in pairs, and misfortunes never come alone.

  On May 27, 1905, the Continental Allied Forces led by Shinra joined forces with the Russian army heading south in the Khorasan area. On the same day, the Tehran garrison, which was heavily besieged by the Continental Allied Forces, laid down their weapons and surrendered. The Persian Empire was officially destroyed.

  Originally, Persia's defeat was justified. Facing the attacks of European countries, it was able to resist for five months. The Persian Empire had already performed beyond its level.

  Even with the support of allies, this is a remarkable achievement. If the British Isles border the European continent, it is unknown whether Britain can sustain it for five months.

  But at this point in time, there is no room for everyone not to think too much. A feeling of sadness spreads throughout the Ocean Alliance.

  The British government, which is so confused, can no longer care about appeasing the emotions of its allies, and even they have no time to adjust their own emotions.

  Just open the map and you will know that India is in danger. Fortunately, the Suez Canal was blocked, otherwise the enemy's navy would move eastward to cover the army's attack from the sea, and the situation would have worsened.

  It's not much better now. India has fallen into a two-front war, and may even have to fight on a third front in the future.

  The only thing they could rely on was the geographical location. The coalition forces had to pass through the Persian Plateau when they came west, so logistics and transportation were a big problem.

  In fact, the biggest reason why the Persian Empire was able to persist for five months was because logistics limited the performance of the coalition forces.

  There is no way. Except for the major cities, there are no railways in most parts of Persia, and they can only rely on manpower and animal power for transportation.

  The only railway was destroyed by the Persians. In order to ensure the logistics of the troops, the Vienna government even mobilized hundreds of transport airships.

  As the front continued to move forward, the coalition headquarters also moved to Zahedan. As the victor of the war, Archduke Friedrich could not see a smile on his face.

  "Fight all the way to India", the slogan sounds simple, but when it comes to concrete implementation, trouble will come.

  Logistics is the biggest flaw. The biggest task of the coalition at this moment is not to fight, but to repair the railways that were destroyed by the enemy.

  It is also ironic to say that most of the railways in Persia were built by the British, but now these railways have become the greatest support for the coalition forces to attack India.

  Perhaps due to coincidence, or maybe they were prepared for the Persian Empire, the specifications of the railways built in Persia were also varied.

  In order to repair these railways, even the train skins were specially customized from China. Looking at the report in his hand, Friedrich had some doubts that he was not the commander-in-chief of the coalition forces, but an engineering commander-in -chief.

  There is no way, the war with Persia is over, but the local situation is still unstable. Railway repair work can only be done by the military itself.

  No wonder Alexander the Great failed to reach India during his Eastern Expedition. Just look at the bad traffic and you will understand it all.

  No matter how bad the traffic and conditions are, advancing the front to India is a strategic victory.

  At this point, as long as the Continental Alliance is willing to invest, it is only a matter of time before it takes over India.

  Everything has two sides. While it achieved strategic victory, there was also turmoil within the Continental Alliance.

  There is no doubt that prosperous India is the best "cake". The Vienna government made a promise early on not to get involved in India and let everyone carve it up.

  Most of the Continental Alliance are small countries. Except for the Shinra and Russia, no one has the strength to monopolize India. The Vienna government announced its withdrawal early again, and our only competitors were Britain and Russia.

  It is not difficult to expel the British. Faced with the siege of the entire European continent, the possibility of Britain holding India is extremely slim. The trouble lies in expelling the British.

  Without a common enemy, allies become competitors. The interests are exciting. Although the Russian Empire is still powerful, this cannot shake everyone's determination to peek into India.

  One-on-one, no one is the opponent of the Russians; once they form a group, the situation is completely different.

  Anyway, there is still Shinra suppressing them, and everyone is nominally an ally. Even if there is a conflict, the Russians cannot directly attack them.

  There is no need to go to war with the Russians directly, it is just a secret competition, and whoever is the coward will be the grandson.

  A war without gunpowder began within the Continental Alliance. They were pulling back, using dirty tricks, and all kinds of underhanded tactics to be the first to perform.

  The lawsuit soon reached Franz's desk, and the fight naturally continued. In the face of interests, does it mean that mediation can mediate?
  What's more, provoking conflicts between European countries and the Russians was originally planned in advance by the Vienna government, and even abandoned India for this purpose.

  If it weren't for the fact that the war for hegemony has not yet ended, now is not the time to stir up disputes, otherwise Franz would have gone out personally to add fuel to the flames.

  The Vienna government did not care about the matter, and the two sides were having a good time. But at this time, the British's secret hand was activated again.

  Strikes, strikes again, strike movements broke out across Europe from Lisbon to St. Petersburg.

  Different from the previous restraint in supporting the revolutionary party, this time the British have completely let go of their hands and do whatever harm is done without considering the subsequent consequences.

  Not only did they repatriate the revolutionary party, they also sent professionals to help formulate a revolutionary outline. No matter whether it can be successful or not, at least the painting is very successful.

  The deceived revolutionaries, one by one, just like a shot of chicken blood, threw themselves into this revolutionary wave regardless of their own safety.

  The Russian Empire, which had the largest accumulation of contradictions and the most decadent bureaucracy, naturally became the hardest hit area by this storm.

  If there is a strike in other countries, it is really just a strike. If the social environment does not allow it, no matter how loud the slogans of the revolutionary party are, it will be difficult to start a revolution.

  The Russian Empire was different. As the first country to participate in the war, Russia was also the country most affected by the war.

  Back and forth, nearly three million troops were mobilized to support the two-front war at the same time. The economy was not affected even if it was not affected.

  Although there is support from the Vienna government, this support is limited. Most of the war funds and supplies were raised by the tsarist government itself.

  If this is the case, given the size of the Russian Empire, it is not impossible to support it. The problem lies with the bureaucracy.

  Nicholas II had never been a strong monarch, and naturally he could not deter the evil spirits and ghosts in the country. When the opportunity to make a fortune comes, you will inevitably have to "pay three or five more dou".

  It may seem inconspicuous, but when accumulated layer by layer, it becomes a heavy burden for the people at the bottom.

  Life was already difficult, and capitalists jumped in to make things worse. On the one hand, they are hoarding goods and raising prices, while on the other hand, they are deducting wages and increasing working hours.

  People have no money in their pockets and their lives are unsustainable. It doesn't matter, there are tailor-made loan sharks.

  Experts and scholars who should have issued early warnings, under the power of capital, continued to sing praises and advocate wildly...

  With the continuous concentration of wealth, social conflicts are also increasing day by day, creating opportunities for revolution.

  On June 1, 1905, armed conflicts broke out between striking Polish people and the military and police on Vitus Avenue. Polish independence organizations took the opportunity to launch a rebellion.

  After the "6.1" revolution occurred, it was like pouring a ladle of water into a boiling oil pan and splashing everywhere in an instant.

  On June 4, a national independence movement broke out in Bulgaria; on June 6, an independence movement broke out in Finland; on June 11, anti-Russian riots broke out in Lithuania; on June 15, Ukraine... Prior to

  that, 5 In March, the Afghan National Revolutionary Party launched an armed revolution and fired the first shot against Russia.

  However, anti-Russian riots often occur in Afghanistan, and the guerrillas have never been completely wiped out, and they have not attracted everyone's attention.

  On June 22, French laborers in Siberia rioted, and the Siberian Railway was temporarily interrupted.

  On June 26, Ottoman immigrants exiled to Siberia also participated in the rebellion.

  This is not over yet. In early July, a rebellion also broke out in Grozny in the Caucasus.

  On July 11, Kazakhs in Central Asia also joined the anti-Russian movement, and the Central Asian Railway was forced to interrupt.

  ...

  So many independence and rebellions were obviously not planned by the British family.

  Leaving aside everything else, the problem can be explained by looking at how the revolutionary party returned to Russia and where the weapons and equipment came from.

  All European countries worked together to deceive the Russians, and it was difficult for the tsarist government not to be unlucky. What's more, the Russian Empire still has leaks everywhere, creating opportunities for everyone.

  The Russians were unlucky, and European countries were not immune. Revolution is contagious, especially when the British are firing on all cylinders.

  On June 18, the Portuguese republicans launched a coup, and Carlos I fled in panic.

  On June 24, a religious conflict broke out in Madrid, the capital of Spain, resulting in 7 deaths and 16 injuries, and the conflict between reformists and conservatives escalated.

  On June 27, a republican movement broke out in Italy. The Archduke of Lucca fled in panic, and the Papal State also hung on by a thread.

  On the same day, an anti-war movement broke out in Hannover, demanding that the Vienna government end the war and restore peace.

  On June 29, anti-Russian demonstrations broke out in Prussia.

  On July 1, anti-war demonstrations broke out in the Netherlands.

  ...

  It’s a mess. The entire European continent is in chaos from east to west.

  The British just started, and the rest is left to all countries to play freely. He cheated you, you cheated me, and I cheated him. They cheated you in circles, and no one was immune to it.

  The Continental Alliance fell into chaos, and Britain was not able to escape. As the protagonist of this war, how could there be no domestic conflicts?
  After the Battle of the English Channel, the peaceful days of the British Isles came to an end. The people's disgust with the war reached its peak, and the anti-war voices among the people grew stronger.

  On June 16, 1905, an anti-war strike broke out in Bradford, followed by Sheffield, Liverpool, London, Dublin and other major cities.

  Especially in the Dublin area, the momentum of the independence movement has also increased. If there are not enough troops stationed, I am afraid that the locals will not only resist the war, but also want independence.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1165. Chapter 1143 Adding insult to injury-69 Book Bar
2021-02-05 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1143 Adding insult to injury
  . Although the Seven Injury Fist has severe backlash, we have to admit that its power is great. Especially when European countries are adding fuel to the flames, the power of the outbreak is even greater.

  The Siberian Railway was interrupted, and the good situation in the Russian Far East was turned into water; the Central Asian Railway was cut off, and the alliance's offensive in India was interrupted.

  Civil strife broke out in the Russian Empire, and the tsarist government was too busy taking care of itself that it couldn't even take care of the Russian troops on the front line.

  The Russian troops in the Far East are out of reach, but the Russian troops in Central Asia, as allies, cannot let them starve, especially since the coalition forces have successfully joined forces.

  Fortunately, India is rich enough to obtain some supplies locally, otherwise Franz would have to order the withdrawal of troops.

  Although there is no withdrawal of troops now, there is no chance of launching an attack for a while. Suddenly there were 800,000 extra mouths, squeezing out a large amount of the coalition's transport capacity.

  Not only was the Indian battlefield affected, but even the progress of the "Sea Lion Project" was delayed.

  The European continent is in chaos, how can France be stable? There was no big trouble, that was because the Allied forces were going to land on the British Isles and stay temporarily in France.

  With millions of troops gathered, no matter how big a disturbance is, it can be put down. After several failed rebellions, the Revolutionary Party stopped engaging in armed uprisings and instead launched a strike movement.

  Affected by the general strike, the railways in France were temporarily interrupted. In order to stabilize the rear, the coalition forces had to put out the fire in the backyard.

  The European continent is such a big place, and the connections between countries are very close, and the situation affects the whole body.

  To stabilize the backyard, we must not only help the French government stabilize the situation, but also help other allies stabilize the situation.

  For example: Helping the King of Portugal to restore his country.

  Although the Republican Party also expressed its intention to join the alliance and continue to fight against the British, if it makes trouble at this time, it is the enemy of the alliance and there is no room for negotiation.

  As allies, it's natural to help each other. Except for France and Portugal, which were personally killed by the Allies, the rest were spontaneous actions by various governments.

  Whether this help has a positive effect or a negative effect remains to be further studied.

  Anyway, in Franz's opinion, without the selfless dedication of the allies, the turmoil in Europe would be at most one-third of what it is now.

  There's nothing to blame, that's just the way politics is. Conflicts among European countries have existed for a long time. Even if they are pulled out of an alliance, it does not mean that the conflicts no longer exist.

  Opportunities have come to your doorstep, and there will be problems only if you don't use evil hands. The British are taking the blame anyway, so there is absolutely no need to be polite.

  Who has more enemies is the most intuitive manifestation at this time. Without any surprise, the Russian Empire, which was in chaos from east to west and from south to north, topped the list of being cheated with an absolute advantage.

  There was fierce turmoil within the alliance, but the Vienna government turned a deaf ear. It's not that Franz doesn't want to take action, it's because his family is also involved and he doesn't have the confidence to speak.

  Anyway, everything has happened and it's too late to stop. It is in everyone's interest to make peace, pass the blame to the British, and maintain the internal unity of the alliance.

  Just make a fuss, the British Empire after the Battle of the English Channel is already a "dry grave in the house", there is no harm in cleaning it up later.

  No matter how joyful it is outside, as long as there is no unrest within Shinra, Franz can sit back and watch the world unfold.

  Interest is the eternal driving force. The British are about to be dethroned and replaced by their own. The Holy Roman Empire is unprecedentedly united.

  Just look at the final outcome of the incident. The anti-war movement in Hanover had just begun and was suppressed by the state governments.

  Britain's local influence is still not greater than the interests. For their own interests, the Hanoverian nobles, military, and bourgeoisie all took a very firm stance on war.

  Even the pro-British faction now wants to overthrow the British so that they can inherit the rich legacy of the British Empire.

  Anti-war not only cuts off everyone's financial resources, but also cuts off everyone's future.

  The hatred that blocks the way is irreconcilable.

  In this context, anti-war will naturally not have good results.

  This is also true. Experts and scholars who called on the people to resist the war were accused of being "British spies" just after they shouted slogans a few times.

  Then, there is no more. In troubled times, using heavy codes has offended all interest groups. Even if you can save your life, you can't hope for a future.

  In contrast, the anti-Russian elements in Prussia were much happier and had only been warned.

  The anti-Russian movement has lasted for decades in Prussia and has long become one of the daily activities of residents.

  On certain days, people hold parades every year. Now it's just a few days ahead of schedule, so it's not a big deal at all.

  On the surface, it doesn't have much impact, but the political impact is huge. The anti-Russian elements were not dealt with, and in the eyes of the outside world, it was a political signal that "the Vienna government is anti-Russian."

  In a sense, everyone who dared to attack the Russian Empire without scruples was also influenced by this aspect.

  Misleading is enough. Franz would not come out to explain at this time. That was what the Prussian government did and had nothing to do with the Vienna government.

  Although this is true, the Constitution of the Holy Roman Empire clearly stipulates that unless it is a major incident involving national security, the central government cannot intervene in the internal affairs of a state without an active invitation from the state government.

  Anti-Russian demonstrations obviously have nothing to do with national security. The Prussian government is even less likely to give up its high degree of autonomy for such a trivial matter.

  Facts are facts, but politics inherently complicates simple things. If we explain it now, it will appear to the outside world as "there is no three hundred taels of silver here."

  If you have the time, you might as well support the Irish independence movement. At least it can further attack the British and shorten the duration of this war.

  ...

  In St. Petersburg, with the outbreak of the revolutionary wave, the Russian Empire, a house with air leakage from all sides, became more and more misty in the wind and rain.

  Nicholas II, who has entered middle age, has matured a lot in terms of temperament and political skills, but he is still unable to clean up the current mess.

  War, wave of strikes, wave of revolution, wave of independence, all collided together.

  In fact, the strike movement in the Russian Empire had begun to take shape as early as two months ago.

  However, the number of people participating in the strike at that time was not as large as it is now, and it did not spread to the whole country.

  With the joint efforts of the tsarist government and capitalists, the storm was quickly calmed down, but the problems involved were not fundamentally resolved.

  Prices are still rising, overtime hours are also lengthening, and the only thing that doesn't move is wages.

  A large number of social conflicts had already accumulated, and the revolutionary movement supported by the British naturally became the trigger.

  Just when the Russian Empire needed help the most, its allies jumped out to add insult to injury.

  For example: In addition to the limited support from the British, the Finnish independence movement also contributed more to the Nordic Federation.

  Another example: the Polish independence movement was supported by the Kingdom of Prussia.

  ...

  These support activities are not limited to moral support, but also provide real money.

  If you investigate further, you will find that the main commanders of the rebels were actually serving in the armies of various countries a few months ago.

  In order to cause trouble, people were shameless, so naturally they were not afraid of the tsarist government's protests.

  It can only be said that the era of the Russian Empire is over. Even though the Tsarist government repeatedly announced that it would retaliate in the future, it could not shake everyone's determination to cause trouble.

  There is no way, the European hegemon is now the Holy Roman Empire. It doesn't matter if you do things secretly. If you want to send troops to attack a sovereign country, first ask the boss if he agrees.

  In fact, even if the Vienna government did not interfere, the Russian Empire could not do much.

  There are too many countries participating. If one fights against many, it is still unknown who will beat whom in the end.

  The issue of revenge is not urgent. The most important thing is to get through the current situation.

  The strike movement spreading across the country is still intensifying, with strikes taking place in almost every city with a population of more than 100,000.

  What worried Nicholas II even more was the endless rebellions in the country. So far, the people involved account for almost 30% of the total population of the Russian Empire.

  Opening the map, you can see at a glance that half of the Russian Empire has rebel flags planted. If it doesn't cope well, the Russian Empire will be in ruins.

  "Bang!"

  The cup in his hand fell to the ground, and hot coffee splashed everywhere.

  "What, the Austrians cut off our supply of strategic supplies?"

  Nicholas II couldn't help but be nervous. As the war progresses, the strategic supplies provided by the Shinra have accounted for half of all supplies.

  If these supplies suddenly disappear, what will be used to fill the gap? If the supply of strategic materials is insufficient, what will the Russian army use to suppress the rebellion?

  Foreign Minister Mikhailovich explained: "It is not a complete cut off, it is just a temporary reduction in the supply of strategic materials to us. It will be able to retain about a hundred of the previous Ten-tenths of the share.

  The reason given by the Vienna government is: In order to ensure the logistical supply of our army going south, it can only reduce the quota of strategic supplies provided to our homeland."

  After hearing this explanation, Nicholas II was instantly choked. Living. If you want to condemn, you can't even say it out loud.

  Although it is a joint operation, due to geographical factors, the Russian army's logistics is currently independent of the Allied forces.

  Now that there is a rebellion in Central Asia, the Russian army in India has lost its retreat and can only rely on the Allies to support it.

  Suddenly there were 800,000 more troops, and the strategic supplies needed were naturally not a small amount. Such a big gap cannot be filled by simply filling it up.

  From the standpoint of the Allies, reducing the input of strategic materials to Russia and using them to fill this hole is undoubtedly the best choice at the moment.

  Anyway, they were all used on the Russian army in the end. The Vienna government's commitment to provide total strategic supplies has not been reduced, and it is not considered a breach of contract.

  The issue was put on the table, and even Nicholas II could not object. Otherwise, the 800,000 Russian troops on the front line would go hungry.

  However, suppressing domestic rebellion also requires the consumption of a large amount of strategic materials.

  In particular, the rebels occupied the Central Asian Railway and the Siberian Railway, and the strategic materials that the Tsarist government had hoarded along the railways also fell into the hands of the rebels.

  Realizing that something bad was going on, Nicholas II hurriedly ordered: "Immediately send people to communicate with the Vienna government and ask them to increase the quota of strategic materials."

  Even if there is little hope, we must try, otherwise it will be difficult to suppress the domestic rebellion. beated.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1166. Chapter 1144 The Difference between Politics and Military-69 Book Bar
2021-02-07 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1144 The Difference between Politics and Military
  The European countries worked together to trick the Russians, the Continental Alliance fell into internal strife, and the Oceanic Alliance finally got a brief respite.

  The first to benefit was Japan. Unlike the smooth sailing in the original time and space, this time the Russo-Japanese War had twists and turns.

  Especially after the failure of the Malacca naval battle, the Spanish navy came over from time to time to cause trouble, causing the Japanese Empire to almost collapse.

  The safety of the route was threatened, the transport fleet was often attacked, and the supply of logistical supplies was insufficient. The Japanese troops on the front line were naturally affected.

  If it weren't for the enthusiasm of the officers and soldiers, the battle line would have collapsed long ago. Even so, the front retreated from Vladivostok all the way to the banks of the Yalu River.

  The shadow of failure hangs over the Japanese, despair continues to spread, and the Japanese government has even begun to prepare a retreat.

  At this critical moment, the Spanish navy, which was active in the Sea of ​​​​Japan and often caused trouble, suddenly stopped coming.

  Then news of the chaos in Europe came again, and the Japanese government's heart, which had sunk to the bottom, became active again.

  Especially after receiving the news of the interruption of the Siberian Railway, the Japanese felt that they were okay again. It is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for all European countries to work together to trick the Russians.

  ...

  "Don't be blindly optimistic. The situation has not fundamentally changed. From a global perspective, the Oceanic Alliance is still at a disadvantage.

  The internal fighting in the Continental Alliance is not fierce. The Vienna government is suppressing it, and the countries are at best doing it secretly. Playing dirty tricks.

  Now countries are targeting each other, in addition to the conflicts accumulated in the past, mainly for the distribution of spoils.

  But the prerequisite for sharing the spoils is to win the war. On the point of winning the war, the positions of all European countries are consistent.

  The most important thing What's more, the Holy Roman Empire is not directly involved in the current dispute. If the conflict continues to escalate, the Vienna government will definitely intervene to mediate.

  Our top priority right now is not to defeat the Russians, let alone open up colonies, but to find a way to survive.

  We can't Pinning all our hopes on the British, we must consider the new international situation we need to face after the defeat of the Oceanic Alliance."

  A basin of cold water was poured down, extinguishing the military's blind optimism, and Ito Hirobumi only felt tired.

  The situation in the Far East battlefield has indeed reversed, but behind this reversal, the factors of human manipulation are too obvious.

  The Siberian Railway was interrupted, and the Russian army's logistics supplies had problems, but the Japanese army's logistics was not much better.

  If the enemy's navy hadn't deliberately released water, it would have been difficult for the Japanese government to send strategic materials to the front line, so how could it talk about anything else?
  Defeat the Russians, annex the Far East, and then plot the entire East Asia.

  Hirobumi Ito couldn't even imagine such a strategic plan. Unless the Oceanic Alliance wins the war, Japan, as the victorious nation, may have a chance to take a few steps forward.

  If the Oceanic Alliance is defeated, as the loser in the war, it would be good for Japan to be able to keep its homeland, and there is no need to even think about the colonies.

  Aritomo Yamagata: "Ito-kun, you are too pessimistic! The performance of the British in this war is indeed disappointing, but it is not to the point of imminent defeat.

  I have studied the history of European wars, and this kind of big There are large-scale wars that last for more than ten years, decades, or even hundreds of years.

  On the contrary, the previous anti-French war ended in less than two years, which is truly different.

  No matter what the background of the British Empire , No, there is no problem in contending with the Holy Roman Empire for three to five years.

  By the time they decide the outcome, we will have already established a foothold in the Far East. The effort is not proportional to the benefits, and the Austrians will not bother with expeditions."

  There is nothing wrong with it. The previous confrontations between the camps in European history lasted for a long time.

  The main reason lies in the limitation of productivity. Everyone's national strength is limited and cannot support long-term continuous operations.

  Usually it is a fight, and when both sides can no longer hold on, they will call off their troops and go home, and then continue to fight after a while.

  After entering the 19th century, the situation changed. The previous anti-French war was a typical example.

  Both sides can support millions of troops in off-the-job operations. A direct confrontation is enough. There is no need for so many cutscenes.

  Times have changed, so just refer to past historical experiences. If you indulge in it, you will inevitably be led astray.

  These problems are not unexpected for the military. The main reason is that the benefits are so attractive that people who are addicted to them have become obsessed with the authorities.

  On the one hand, we have to deal with the changes in the international situation, and on the other hand, we have to suppress the domestic military's undesirable thoughts. It is impossible not to feel tired.

  ...

  Compared to Japan's radicalism, other members of the Ocean Alliance are much more rational.

  Europe is indeed in chaos, but the chaos is within control. The only place where the situation is really out of control is the Russian Empire.

  Obviously, seeing that victory in the war was imminent, various countries kicked the Russians out of the game in advance, reducing the number of people competing for the spoils.

  What's more, it's not just the Continental Alliance that's in chaos, the Oceanic Alliance is also on fire in its backyard.

  Britain was caught in the double impact of the anti-war wave of strikes and the Irish independence movement. The British Empire also needed time to put out the fire and was unable to launch a comprehensive counterattack in a short period of time.

  The United States was even more troubled. Not only did an anti-war wave erupt, some states even unilaterally announced their withdrawal from the war.

  If you want to join, you can join, if you want to quit, you can quit, as if you are a child who has not grown up, and you are willful.

  Mexico and Colombia, which were hit by the war, responded even more intensely.

  On July 24, 1905, a coup occurred in Bogota. The original republican government collapsed. The new government was actively launching diplomatic actions to withdraw from the war.

  I don’t know whether they can escape unscathed. Anyway, the Vienna government is very considerate to the first country to withdraw from the Oceanic Alliance. The front line has ceased fire and we are waiting for the outcome of the negotiations.

  Since the fall of Maximiliano's regime, Mexico has been plunged into warlord warfare, and the central government has only nominal unity.

  Such a country obviously does not have the ability to wage war abroad.

  The Mexican republican government has been able to maintain its existence until now, thanks to the great efforts of the United Kingdom and the United States. Without the intervention of international forces, Maximilian's restoration would have been successful long ago with the support of the Vienna government.

  Participating in this war was entirely due to the pressure from the boss behind him, and the United States indeed sent reinforcements, so he mustered up the courage to take the plunge.

  Then, tragedy began to happen. The elite troops of the United States, which had high hopes, staged a trick to kill people as soon as they entered the battlefield.

  Although the Mexican army is also a mob, the civil war has been fought a lot, and everyone's combat effectiveness has not increased much, but their ability to save lives on the battlefield has gradually improved.

  A strange scene appeared. It was also a defeat. The Mexican army's casualties were less than one-third of the US military's. You must know that the Mexican army participating in the war was twice as many as the US military.

  The blinding casualty figures fell into the eyes of the Mexican warlords, and they came to the conclusion that "the combat effectiveness of the elites of the United States is not as good as theirs."

  As soon as this conclusion came out, everyone immediately lost confidence in the Ocean Alliance winning the war, at least there was no hope in the Central American battlefield.

  For their own benefit, everyone is preparing for a retreat. Some people who were originally leaning towards the monarchy even openly raised the banner of Maximiliano.

  South American countries are not at peace either. Brazil, Chile, and Argentina, known as the "Three Powers of South America," also held massive anti-war demonstrations.

  Although the pro-British faction is powerful, the pro-Austrian faction is not free. In the past, Britain had the advantage of sea power, and everyone didn't mind taking advantage of it. Now that the situation has reversed, of course, the situation has changed.

  Originally, I was annoyed that there was no breakthrough on the battlefield, but now I am just happy. There was no breakthrough on the battlefield, which meant that no substantial damage had been done.

  The lower the damage, the lower the hatred, and the smaller the price to pay to eliminate the hatred.

  If you are shameless, you can also shift the responsibility to the British and claim that you were forced to get involved because you were "in Cao's camp and your heart is in Han".

  Submit a petition, throw in a few scapegoats, pay some losses, and that's it.

  Similar cases have long been seen in European history. Countries in the Americas were born out of Europe, so they were naturally affected.

  For many countries in the Ocean Alliance, the civil strife in the Continental Alliance is the best opportunity for everyone to disembark.

  If you miss this point in time and want to escape unscathed, the price you need to pay will not be so small.

  Looking at the busy situation of the Shinra Ministry of Foreign Affairs, you know that something big is going to happen soon.

  ...

  As if being stimulated, Army Minister Fislav said: "It is impossible to launch a landing operation now!

  The British still have strength. If they do not destroy the enemy's air force and navy, the risk of landing will be too great."

  "Sea Lion Plan ”, it is not simple to implement. The Three German Empires had failed in the original time and space. Although the situation of Shinra is better now, the British navy and air force are still in good condition.

  If in the middle of the landing, the enemy suddenly breaks out in a desperate attack, then things will go wrong.

  Any great country can explode with unparalleled power when it is in danger of life or death.

  The British Empire that dominates the world is not a sick cow for future generations. In times of crisis, it definitely does not lack a desperate spirit.

  Foreign Minister Leo: "Your Excellency, don't get excited. The risks of landing operations are indeed great, but the benefits are also great!

  There is no need to directly occupy the British Isles, as long as the landing is completed, it doesn't matter even if the landing location is a little off. .The

  coastline of the British Isles is so long, there are always places that the enemy cannot take care of. As long as we are fast enough, it is not impossible to send a small number of troops to occupy a foothold.

  The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is currently instigating rebellion against the Oceanic Alliance member countries, and someone has already been tempted. It’s just that they still have the last illusion about the British.

  As long as their last illusion is cut off, the Ocean Alliance will soon fall apart. Coupled with the other countries we have secretly attracted, it will be enough to set off an anti-British wave around the world. .

  By then, there may be no need to attack, and the British themselves will be forced to surrender due to internal

  and external pressure. Even if there are risks, compared with the huge benefits, it is enough to take this adventure. At worst, send the Allied troops over first, and now It's time for them to contribute."

  There's nothing wrong with it, allies are there to deceive. As the war for hegemony continues, the only one that has really been cheated is Russia, and no one dares to believe it.

  Now we need to take risks, and it is appropriate to let allies go first. Without sacrifice, how can one be qualified to share the spoils?

  You must know that this war was mainly fought by Shinra, and everyone just followed suit.

  Feslav fell into deep thought. Politics and military affairs are different. The "Sea Lion Project" was formulated by the military, and it is obviously more focused than military.

  Militarily, to defeat the British Empire, it was enough to capture London, and the remaining small rural areas were not important at all.

  But the political situation is completely different. Regardless of where the coalition forces landed, or whether the subsequent operations can keep up, as long as they gain a foothold in the British Isles, the landing is considered a success.

  The Ministry of Foreign Affairs can use this result to openly deceive the hesitant governments and help them make the right decision.

  "You can try, but..."

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1167. Chapter 1145 The Airborne Troops Released-69 Book Bar
2021-02-07 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1145: Airborne troops emerge

  . The war is bloody. Ever since the Vienna government decided to launch the landing plan in advance, the battle across the English Channel has become increasingly bloody.

  Overnight, the Continental Alliance seemed to have changed its combat style. No longer worrying about the casualties of the troops, they started playing a cruel game of exchange.

  There is no technical content, just a competition of pure strength. Using one's own strength to fight against the entire European world, such a cheating game was undoubtedly "high pressure" for the British Empire.

  London
  "Since the end of July, the enemy has been going crazy. They have been attacking us. This time, the main direction of attack is no longer London. All

  coastal ports, large and small, have been subjected to brutal air attacks. Even the fishing village docks have been attacked. There are no exceptions.

  Just like bombs are free of charge, in just one month in the past, the enemy has dropped more than 50,000 tons of bombs on England.

  In terms of purely direct bombing results, I highly doubt that the enemy's achievements are enough. Fuel money for dispatching fighter planes.

  Affected by the enemy's bombing, our defenders deployed along the coast also suffered heavy losses. Especially the loss of more than 300 shore guns."

  Army Minister Marcus said with a pale face.

  No matter how high the cost to the enemy was, England was in misery anyway. Because of geographical factors, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales all escaped.

  More than 50,000 tons of bombs fell on England. Counting previous bombings, England has suffered a total of more than 100,000 tons of bombs.

  Not a single port on the coast from the English Channel to the Strait of Dover is intact. It was either directly destroyed by artillery fire or suffered heavy losses.

  So many bombs are aimed at ports, cities, factories, and these densely populated areas. It is difficult to imagine whether the casualties will be heavy.

  Affected by this, the Royal Navy shrank to the rear. If the enemy launched another landing operation, it would take a day for the Royal Navy to rush over.

  Although it was not stated explicitly, the accusation against the Air Force was already palpable.

  Facing the gazes of everyone, Attilio, as the Air Force Minister, felt so miserable in his heart!
  The Air Force has really tried its best, but the enemy is also trying its best. Unable to win a head-to-head confrontation, he finally set up a trap, but his own plane was unable to catch up with the enemy.

  Every air battle ended in failure. Even if the British Air Force wants to become more courageous with more setbacks, its family cannot withstand the hardship!

  Britain's aviation technology is lagging behind the times, so there is no need to count on allies or anything like that.

  At most, some parts and core components such as engines can be purchased. Even if British companies are willing to open up the supply of technology, the allies will not be able to digest it within three to five years.

  The technology cannot keep up, the production capacity cannot keep up, and the personnel reserves still cannot keep up. Against this background, it is not surprising that we are losing the battle.

  "Don't look at me. You all know how much the Air Force has suffered. The war has only lasted for more than half a year, and the Air Force has lost more than 4,000 fighter planes. The pilots have been

  replaced in three waves. More than half of the earliest batch of old pilots have now been killed.

  In order to compete for air supremacy, we have repeatedly compressed pilot training time. The shortest training time was less than half a month before we were forced to go to the battlefield.

  Now the air force has reached its extreme. If we want to continue to increase combat intensity, the air force must withdraw. The army is established."

  In order to preserve the vitality of the air force, Attilio no longer cares about saving face. If we don't do this badly, the Air Force will be wiped out.

  Being able to barely guard London's airspace with the cooperation of ground air defense forces is already the limit of the air force. If you want to take care of other regions, you are just dreaming.

  Not to mention that the air force cannot do it, even the ground air defense forces cannot take care of the whole country.

  Unlike the precise positioning of later generations, missiles can chase enemy aircraft. The hit rate of anti-aircraft artillery and machine guns these days is very impressive.

  If you want to intercept enemy fighter planes, not just a few machine guns and a few anti-aircraft artillery can be effective, but a large-scale organized anti-aircraft firepower group.

  Taking London as an example, the British government concentrated thousands of anti-aircraft machine guns and nearly a thousand anti-aircraft artillery pieces, so that it could barely achieve air defense with the cooperation of the air force.

  Britain's resources are limited, and it is very difficult to save London. It is simply impossible to invest so many resources in other small rural places.

  Without sufficient ground-based anti-aircraft firepower, this battle would be impossible to fight in a purely one-on-one battle between air forces.

  "The Air Force is indeed having difficulties. The enemy has been attacking very ferociously recently. In the past month, we have shot down more than 800 enemy planes, and the enemy's offensive has not slowed down. Combined with the enemy's

  continuous bombing of the port, the Royal Navy has been forced to retreat. Withdraw, it can be initially judged that the enemy is preparing for landing.

  In order to prepare for the upcoming British Defense War, the Air Force is really not suitable to consume too much power at the moment."

  The Minister of Military Affairs said pertinently.

  This explanation is not satisfactory, but everyone has to accept it. If you can't win, you can't win. The Royal Navy has failed to win, so how can you expect the Air Force to defeat the weak and the strong.

  Foreign Secretary Adam: "The chaos in Europe alone cannot delay time. As long as there is no major chaos within the Holy Roman Empire, the enemy's offensive will not be greatly affected. The

  empire needs to win now. The Vienna government is launching a diplomatic offensive. The positions of many neutral countries have changed." There has been a wavering.

  Even our allies are starting to make moves. Some guys have even contacted the Vienna government privately and are just about to negotiate good terms and defect.

  If the strategic situation does not improve for a long time, the next situation will be very harmful to us. Very bad."

  To this day, Adam is desperate. The reputation of being the worst foreign minister can never be washed away in this life, and now it feels like a broken jar.

  There is no replacement of the Foreign Secretary. On the one hand, there are no smart people willing to jump into the trap. If someone is replaced by someone who is not smart, it is better to let Adam continue to do his job.

  Although the diplomatic results were unsatisfactory and the foreign minister's mentality also had problems, everyone still recognized Adam's true ability.

  Anyway, the Foreign Secretary is mainly responsible for coordinating diplomatic work, and the specific work is done by the civil servants below. As long as the planning is done well, personal morale will not affect the overall situation.

  Of course, there is also the idea of ​​​​finishing everyone together. After all, he has not yet been defeated, and even if he suffers the infamy, it will not be more serious than after the defeat.

  Before everyone could unify their position, the Secretary-General rushed in and said with a trembling voice: "There was an emergency call from the front line. At about 10 o'clock this morning, the enemy simultaneously launched attacks on Weymouth, Poole, the Isle of Wight, Worthing, and Eastbourne. Waiting for thirteen areas to launch landing operations.

  According to the intelligence sent by the reconnaissance aircraft, the enemy's main naval force is heading towards London, followed by troop transport ships, and it is very likely to launch an attack on London."

  Campbell grabbed the battle report His face instantly lost all color. A comprehensive landing attack regardless of priority is obviously inconsistent with military logic.

  Once the British army seizes the opportunity and beats one or several of them, it is easy to suffer heavy losses.

  Looking at the map on the wall, everyone in the military started to stare blankly, not knowing what the enemy wanted to do.

  Even if you want to feint attack, just choose two or three places. It can not only achieve the effect of confusing the audio and visual, but also ensure that the troops are relatively concentrated and will not be taken advantage of.

  After calming down, everyone's unanimous reaction was: the enemy has lost his mind

  . Admiralty Swinding was the first to break the silence: "The fighter planes are coming. Since the enemy dares to disperse his troops, let's not be polite. Let's destroy one of them first!"

  Don't rush, the Royal Navy has already lost face in the two previous sea battles.

  If we can't produce results to consolidate our position, I'm afraid it will be impossible for the Navy to imagine being as dominant as it is now.

  The target is easy to choose, it must be to attack London. As for other areas, there is no rush for the time being.

  ...

  The sea breeze blows on my face, blowing away the scorching heat of the scorching sun. The small town of Glenelg, located in the Strait of Dover, still maintains the tranquility of the past.

  Due to the limitations of natural conditions, although it is close to the sea, the small town of Gelaer does not have a decent port.

  There are mostly cliffs along the coast, with a few flat areas, and the continental shelf extends too gently, making it unsuitable for ports at all.

  The artificially dug temporary port is suitable for berthing hundreds of tons of fishing boats. Even if a large warship enters, it will be stranded as soon as the tide recedes.

  Such terrain is obviously not suitable for large troops to land. Naturally, it will not become the focus of British defense. A company is stationed symbolically, and together with the town's militia group, it is the entire armed force.

  The British government's attention was attracted by the large-scale landing operation, and it had no time to care about a small marginal town.

  Major John, who is the town's garrison attaché, is currently patrolling the defense line leisurely. Although I don’t think there will be any danger, you have to find something to do, right?

  Leaving the bright and bustling big city and coming to this remote town, John's daily life was disrupted.

  Galle, a traditional agricultural town, lacks almost all entertainment activities. Even if there was an occasional banquet, it would not catch John's eye.

  It can be said that apart from the beautiful scenery, the small town of Gleier has nothing. However, John was still satisfied with garrisoning this small rural place.

  Although there are various shortcomings, there is one thing that other areas cannot match, and that is safety.

  We often see enemy planes passing overhead, but we never see the enemy drop a bomb, which is enough to illustrate the strategic and economic status of Gleier.

  As a top student at the Imperial Army Academy and from a noble background, Major John originally had more choices, but he rejected them all and resolutely chose the position of town garrison officer.

  Even when people say he doesn't seek advancement and is greedy for life and afraid of death, John laughs it off.

  Contributions on the battlefield may sound nice, but war kills people.

  If he could win, John wouldn't mind giving it a try. It's a pity that the strength gap between the two sides in this war is too big, especially the army, and there is no hope at all.

  Noble glory is important, but the prerequisite is to survive. As a rising noble, John did not have the chivalry of the established nobles.

  Being able to go to the battlefield is already considered as giving face to the queen. You must know that many emerging nobles simply refuse to perform military service.

  Don't ask why, just ask: The family has too much money and is reluctant to die.

  Capitalists are unwilling to perform military service, and capitalists who become aristocrats are no exception. He doesn't have a brave spirit in his bones, so he naturally doesn't want to go to the battlefield.

  This is completely different between England and Austria. In Britain, as long as you have more money, you can become a noble through internal activities; but in HRE, without military merit, no matter how much money you have, you can't cross the threshold of nobility.

  The core is different, and the final result is naturally different.

  The same was true in Britain in the original time and space. Those who fought on the battlefields in World War I and World War II were almost all veteran military nobles. The emerging nobles were far less interested in defending the empire than making money.

  The ending is very ironic. The one who went to the battlefield to defend his country ended up with his family ruined and no hair left after being devoured, while the guy who was hiding behind the scenes and making a fortune from the war took away the fruits of victory.

  learn from mistakes.

  After learning lessons, the British Empire, which no one was willing to shed blood and sacrifice for the country, would naturally fall.

  It's still early days, and "smart people" like Major John are still despised.

  The roar of the plane sounded, and the guard shouted in panic: "Major, the enemy planes are coming, there are many..."

  After glaring at the running guards, Major John severely reprimanded: "I'm not deaf and can hear, no need. Just remind me.

  Isn't it just an enemy fighter plane? What's all the fuss about..."

  Before he could finish his words, small black dots fell from the sky one after another, followed by violent noises, kicking up dust and building debris. , the scene was a mess.

  With hundreds of bombers targeting an inconspicuous town, Major John felt that his brain was not enough.

  There is no need to waste your brain, because in the air raid just now, Major John was stunned by the explosion.

  After the bombing was over, umbrella flowers fell down. If you look carefully, you can also find a person hanging under the umbrella flower.

  Sporadic resistance continues, but without the commander, the garrison has been unable to exert its due combat effectiveness, even though they have little combat effectiveness in the first place.

  Facing an invincible enemy, the improvised militia took the lead in beginning the surrender.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1168. Chapter 1146 Strategy vs Tactics-69 Book Bar
2021-02-09 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1146 Strategy vs. Tactics
  Off the coast of London, the brutal bloody battle continues. In order to intercept the coalition landing, the British army unleashed its full potential.

  Behind them is London. The British army has no way to retreat. If it doesn't fight hard, the British Empire will perish.

  After a century of being a hegemon, the British's arrogance has reached its peak. How can they tolerate defeat? Even facing the entire European continent, the British are unwilling to admit defeat.

  The British army is fighting hard, and the coalition forces also have reasons for having to fight. In the past years, the British have caused too much hatred. Now they have revenge and resentment, and their morale is not inferior.

  The air battle was raging, and dumplings were falling from the sky from time to time. In the headquarters of the flagship Great Emperor, fleet commander Admiral Aldo von Donati was staring at the sea indifferently.

  The Royal Navy is still on its way, and the battle belonging to the navy has not yet come. Now, except for mine clearance and submarine hunting, there are no challenges.

  As for the battle in the sky, the navy cannot participate at all. This is still the case even though the Navy is equipped with the most advanced anti-aircraft firepower of this era.

  The low hit rate is a minor problem. The key is that the plane is moving too fast and the air force is fighting together. The probability of shooting down one's own fighter plane is as high as that of the enemy plane.

  Now that the coalition air force clearly has the upper hand, there is naturally no need for this desperate fighting style that does not distinguish between ourselves and the enemy.

  In the distance, another British air force formation appeared in the sky. The battle has continued until now, and both sides have not only exchanged a wave of fighters. They are at a disadvantage on the battlefield, and it is normal for the British reinforcements to be reinforced.

  The coalition forces have formed a formation to meet the enemy. Getting closer, getting closer, and seeing that the two sides were about to engage in battle, suddenly half of the British formation's fighter planes separated from the main group and rushed towards the combined fleet .

  They are all high-speed fighters participating in the battle, and the slow-responsive bombers will kill them when they come up. Even if you get lucky and throw a few bombs, it will still be a loss-making business.

  The fighter jets approached the navy. Although they could not understand what the enemy was trying to do, the coalition air force chose to intercept them immediately.

  Unfortunately, it was still too late, and the British Air Force was already entangled. Immediately afterwards, I saw the British formation breaking away from the large force and diving headlong into the navy below.

  Unfortunately, a destroyer was hit by three fighter planes. In the violent explosion, the warship was torn into pieces, and both the people and the ship met God.

  This was just the beginning. As the British suicide attack began, shocking noises continued to be heard from the coalition fleet below.

  Even though the fleet's anti-aircraft firepower was fully activated, it was still pale and helpless in the face of a group of desperate enemies.

  Unless it hits a vital point and shatters the enemy plane in the air, even if it is hit by a bullet, it will still plunge down.

  Witnessing a battleship sinking under the enemy's suicide attack, Admiral Aldo's heart was bleeding.

  I never dreamed that the British would work so hard. This is not the British Empire at all.

  In fact, in the face of such a suicide attack, even if you are prepared in advance, it will not be of much use.

  The only good thing is that the enemy's hit rate is not high. Many times, multiple fighter planes will hit the same target. Hundreds of fighter planes rush down, taking away a total of three warships and two troop carriers.

  After all, it is a suicide attack, and it goes away as quickly as it comes. From the launch of the attack to the end, it only took ten minutes.

  Looking at the messy battlefield, General Aldo suppressed his grief and ordered: "Quickly rescue the people who fell into the water, and then prepare to retreat." It

  was originally a feint attack, and there was no need to fight the enemy to the death. If you look at the troop transport ship following you, you will see that there are not many people on it at all.

  Forcibly landing in London before completely killing the enemy's main navy and air force would definitely be a sign of stubbornness.

  As soon as he finished speaking, a military staff officer rushed in.

  "Your Excellency, Commander, the enemy fleet has been spotted in the west and is heading towards us at full speed. It is now about 20 nautical miles away from us."

  After hesitating for more than ten seconds, Admiral Aldo said: "Give the order to send the injured warships, troop transports, and supplies." The ship retreated first, and the remaining warships stayed to rescue the officers and soldiers who fell into the water. We

  sent a message to the headquarters to explain the difficulties we faced and requested air force fire support. The capital ships were ready for battle..."

  It's not that the fleet is not vigilant, it's mainly here. The distance to the mainland was only a hundred and eighty nautical miles, so there would be no time before the enemy was discovered and they could run away.

  The performance of all warships is similar. There is still a distance of 20 nautical miles. Under normal circumstances, it is simply impossible for the enemy to catch up within 180 nautical miles.

  Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly. No one knew that the enemy would engage in suicide attacks, let alone that the losses would be so heavy.

  Now it takes time to rescue the officers and soldiers who fell into the water. If these efforts are delayed, the enemy's fast warships will be able to catch up.

  If the fleet is not damaged, Aldo will never give up. He will fight whoever is afraid of him! At worst, both sides will be injured after the fight, and everyone will go back to lick their wounds.

  However, three warships had just been lost, and many more were damaged, especially the sunken warships including a battleship. Even though they were old battleships, the strength of the fleet was still affected.

  Of course, being at a disadvantage does not mean that they are completely incapable of fighting. If there was really a disparity in strength, Admiral Aldo would have ordered the soldiers to abandon the drowned officers and run away.

  One general's achievements are worthless. There are always sacrifices on the battlefield, and anyone can sacrifice them when necessary.

  It's obviously not that far now. The times are different. The glory of the cannon and giant ship bloomed in the Battle of the English Channel.

  Now is a transition period, and the future is the era of the Air Force. Whoever controls the sky will control the next era.

  …

  Before London had time to celebrate the success of the sneak attack, the bad news of the fall of Gleier came.

  "At any cost, we must recapture Gleier in the shortest possible time. The speed must be fast!"

  Prime Minister Campbell said in an almost roaring tone.

  Logically speaking, a small town without any military or economic value would be lost if it was lost.

  It had no impact at all on the War of Defense of England. Even if the enemy occupied the area, the army would not be able to land without a suitable port.

  But politics never makes sense. With his rich experience in political struggles, Campbell was sure that the Austrians who had captured the town of Gleier would immediately announce the successful landing to the outside world.

  Ordinary people don't care whether the small town of Glenelg has military value. Anyway, if they have gained a foothold in the British Isles, the landing is successful.

  Then, everyone will use their own knowledge to conclude that the British Empire is about to collapse.

  Once public opinion boils over, Britain will really face internal and external troubles and be besieged on all sides.

  Foreign Secretary Adam added: "The enemy has planned it for a long time, and the news should have spread by now.

  The next step is for governments to verify it. We must take back Gleier before everyone verifies the news.

  Otherwise..."

  There is no need to say the next words. , everyone knows the consequences will be serious.

  Once it was confirmed that the coalition's landing was successful, the allies of the British Empire would rush to jump ship. We are all smart people, and we all know how to stop losses when we cut. The earlier we cut, the smaller the losses will be.

  Sharing joys and sorrows, sharing life and death, that is the content of the drama, but these things have never been popular in real politics.

  Verify the news?

  It depends too much on everyone's ideological consciousness. Even in the 21st century with highly developed information, a rumor can deceive a group of people, let alone these days.

  What's more, this is not a rumor, the coalition forces really completed a landing.

  It was difficult to recover after flooding, and even if the British army drove the enemy into the sea, the political impact was still caused. Politicians will think on their own:
  "Since the coalition has landed once, it can land a second time. As the defensive side, it cannot launch a strong counterattack, and it is only a matter of time before it falls."

  Originally, the Oceanic Alliance was on the verge of falling apart. With this wave Stimulation, unless God himself takes action, may be able to appease everyone.

  The pressure was all over. The Minister of War and the Minister of Military Affairs looked at each other and accepted this "big pit" task bitterly.

  ...

  The British government was gloomy, and the atmosphere at the Vienna Palace was not much better. The landing plan was completed, but the fleet suffered heavy losses in the feint attack.

  Franz felt the pain of sinking a battleship. For no other reason, this unlucky battleship happened to belong to the Shinra Navy.

  But taken together, these losses are worth it. The sinking of a battleship in exchange for the success of the landing was completely worth it.

  Tactics and strategy are never equal. The successful landing means that the opportunity to disintegrate the Ocean Alliance has arisen.

  The British Empire without the wings of allies is a tiger without a grip. Although the teeth are good, they have lost the ability to hunt and will starve to death or be trapped to death sooner or later.

  After some thought, Franz decisively gave up on pursuing responsibility. Who knew that the British would not play by the rules? This is clearly not what they say...

  "Don't worry too much. Death squads are easy to find, but pilots are difficult to train. There are even fewer pilots who are willing to act as suicide squads.

  This kind of flying aircraft The suicide attack is destined to be impossible to continue. It is estimated that it is just such a wave. Even if there are more in the future, it will be difficult to reach a large scale.

  What is the situation in the small town of Geleer? How long can our landing force hold on there? "

  It's not that Franz looks down on the British. Britain really doesn't have this cultural tradition of "killing one's life for mercy". Being able to assemble a team of kamikaze pilots is already a record-breaking feat, and any more would be simply unrealistic.

  If it were really easy to get, there wouldn't be so many fighter planes participating in the attack during the day.

  If the British gather together three to five thousand pilot suicide squads in one go, they can cripple the combined fleet in one wave.

  This is obviously impossible. If it were a Japanese, it might still be possible. However, it also takes a certain amount of time to do ideological work. After all, only a few have this fearless spirit.

  Army Minister Fislav: "The terrain in Gelair is complex and inherently unsuitable for large-scale operations. This is very beneficial to our subsequent defensive operations. At present,

  we have invested an airborne regiment and an infantry regiment in Geler. We will follow-up We will determine whether to continue to increase troops based on the actual situation.

  Unless the enemy can block the sea and air at the same time, they will never try to take Gleier from our hands!"

  This is the good thing about a strong army. Once a nail is laid, it is very difficult to remove it when backup is clear.

  What's more, Gelaer was originally a landing point carefully selected by the military. We had already considered in advance that the enemy would counterattack, so we deliberately chose the small town of Gler which was not conducive to the deployment of the large corps.

  Unable to take advantage of its military strength, all it needs is hard-core combat effectiveness. If they can't hold on to this, the Shinra Army will be embarrassed to have a foothold in the world.

  ...

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1169. Chapter 1147 The wall fell and everyone pushed it-69 Book Bar
2021-02-10Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1147: The wall fell and everyone pushed it away.
  Time flew by, and half a month passed by in a blink of an eye.

  Without any surprise, after the news of the successful landing of Gleier spread, it was quickly amplified by the media.

  Although I don't know where the small town of Gleier is, it's right on the island of England. The Continental Allied Forces have reached England itself. Is there any suspense about the subsequent war?
  When everyone has almost the same point of view, it is not the truth. Even the most rational politicians are inevitably affected.

  Washington

  is one of the parties to this war, and the government of the United States is now like an ant on a hot pot, anxious.

  Secretary of State Pete Niedermeier complained: "The current situation is simply terrible. I have never received good news since the outbreak of this war.

  The British are simply trash, and they are still immersed in With the glory of the past, apart from being able to brag, there is nothing else. It

  took so long to successfully land after being attacked by a sneak attack, but the enemy was not driven into the sea. I had the nerve to say that it was just an accident.

  ..."

  It's not that Pete is small-minded, The British allies are really cheating. Although the United States itself is also a scam, this does not prevent Pitt from despising the British.

  As a qualified American, "hating the British" is just one of the most basic operations.

  Of course, in this time and space, the people of the United States have a lot to hate. France, Spain, and the HRE are all enemies, but the British still firmly occupy the top spot.

  Even though everyone has become allies now, it is still difficult to change this deep-rooted concept for a while.

  Pete's ancestors are also from England, but he is still a qualified American. Now that the British have behaved so badly, they are naturally despised.

  Picking up the cigar in his hand, puffing out a wave of smoke, Roosevelt waved his hand and said: "The British's performance was indeed poor, but the loss of the town of Glenelg did not have much impact on the defense of the British Isles .

  For us, this is also a good thing. After this happened, those guys on Wall Street will not ask us to continue to be tied to the British now, right?"

  Wall Street doesn't like Shinra's unique nationalism, but that doesn't mean that everyone I want to fight to the death with Shinra.

  The fall of the small town of Gelaer had little military impact, but its political impact was earth-shattering.

  Affected by this, Peru and Bolivia, which were originally neutral, have announced that they will join the Continental Alliance and declared war on the Oceanic Alliance.

  Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay, three countries in the Ocean Alliance, also unilaterally declared a ceasefire on the grounds that they wanted to restore world peace as soon as possible.

  The two sides are now engaged in armistice negotiations. If nothing goes wrong, these three soy sauce parties will jump ship.

  As for Mexico and Colombia, which were suppressed and attacked by the enemy, let alone that. The original government fell long ago, and the new government has bowed its knees since it came to power.

  Even the reinforcements sent by the United States to the two countries were disarmed by these two unruly guys who joined forces with the enemy.

  The most unbearable thing for the United States was the Confederate States, which was ready to move. The shocking reversal of the situation allowed the farmers of the Confederate States to see an opportunity and wanted to take the opportunity to expand their farms.

  If it were just these, it wouldn't be unbearable. The key point is that the farmers of the Confederate States have set their sights on the United States.

  There is no way, the best land in the world is either in the Confederate States or the United States. If you want to develop farms, you should definitely aim at the United States in the north.

  In this context, anyone with any sense knows that the United States will be in real danger if it continues to mess with the British.

  Those who are able to gain a foothold on Wall Street are smart people with innate keen judgment and a tendency to favor advantages and disadvantages. Roosevelt does not think that these guys will be stubborn and play with Shinra.

  Secretary of State Pitt replied affirmatively: "Of course not. Those guys are too busy to take care of themselves now.

  They are too closely connected with the British. Once Britain is defeated, Wall Street will also suffer heavy losses.

  It is said that they have withdrawn from London. Capital, but unfortunately the British did not cooperate and are still in a stalemate."

  Capitalists from the United Kingdom and the United States used practical actions to explain what "capital knows no borders" is.

  British capital has everyone investing in the United States, and the financial tycoons on Wall Street have also allocated a large amount of financial assets in London.

  Today's London is like New York in the 21st century, gathering capital from all over the world. All larger financial institutions have allocated a large number of financial assets in London, such as: stocks, bonds, futures, gold...

  The only difference is that the financial capital of other countries has not yet been able to control the political voice and investment. Sometimes I also like to spread my bets.

  The guys on Wall Street are in embarrassment. Because they dislike the various restrictions of the Shinra financial market, they have been heavily investing in London for many years.

  Especially after the outbreak of the World War, the British government issued national bonds many times to raise funds from the outside world.
  Because of the initial misjudgment, it came to the wrong conclusion. A large part of British bonds with high interest rates have been taken up by these guys.

  After realizing the risk, I wanted to leave the market, but for a while I couldn't find enough takers.

  Not only bonds, but also commercial loans, Wall Street has also done a lot.

  If you pay attention, you will find that British capital is the largest creditor of the US government, and US capital is the creditor of the British government.

  At first glance, it looks like a triangular debt, but in fact, British and American capital have merged, and in a true sense, "you have me, and I have you".

  In the original time and space, this is how the United States was dragged down. It's even more tragic now. I boarded the pirate ship in a daze and couldn't even think about getting off.

  …

  It’s not just the Americans who are panicking. Chile and Japan are also in trouble, and it’s also difficult to get off the ship.

  Chile was worried, mainly because when its enemies were colluding with the Vienna government, they went to play with the British.

  Now that Peru and Bolivia have become members of the Continental Union, Chile's situation has suddenly become awkward.

  The only good thing is that they did not use all their strength in the early attack on Austrian South America. They all circled around the outside and did not cause too many casualties to the defenders.

  The less blood on your hands, the shallower the hatred forged, and the greater the room for maneuver.

  Compared with offending the Holy Roman Empire, Peru and Bolivia are not worth mentioning at all.

  Japan is in trouble. Among the many members of the Oceanic Alliance, apart from the British, the common enemy of the world, Japan has the largest number of enemies and the most weight.

  In the Philippine War ten years ago, Japan and Spain forged a bloody feud. Spain, which was severely damaged and lost its throne as a great power, hated the Japanese with gnashing teeth.

  If you look at the ongoing Russo-Japanese War, you will know that if given the chance, Mao Xiong will definitely not let the Japanese go. Especially the person in office who is extremely hostile to Japan.

  It was already hard enough to offend the second and third largest players in the Continental Alliance, but the Japanese Navy participated in the previous naval battle of Malacca.

  Although the naval battle was lost and did not cause too many casualties to the Shinra Navy, it was still inevitable that the Vienna government would look at it differently.

  At the same time, it offended the boss, second boss, and third boss of the Continental Alliance. The Japanese government now wants to jump ship and cannot even find a mediator to make peace with.

  The so-called use of the spirit of sacrifice to shock the Continental Alliance is a joke. A bloody battle to the end is certainly terrifying, but it cannot withstand the many countries of the Continental Alliance.

  It's not like one company takes action, and all countries share the losses. No matter how great the casualties are, it's not that difficult to accept if they are shared among all countries.

  In this context, if you play with forty million pieces of jade, maybe the "jade" will really break into pieces in the end.

  There was a lot of excitement internationally, and the European media began to add fuel to the fire. All major media have their own sources of information, and after adding a certain amount of artistic processing, they publish it openly.

  In line with the principle of doing good without leaving a name, the air force in the Continental League dropped printed newspapers when they bombed the British Isles.

  It is clear that the Oceanic Alliance led by the British is only crumbling and has not collapsed. However, according to the newspapers, the Oceanic Alliance has disintegrated, and now only Britain and its best friends are left to resist.

  Theoretically, this kind of political news that exaggerates facts is prohibited from being published in the Holy Roman Empire.

  However, this is obviously an exception at the moment. In order to undermine the morale of the British resistance, the Information Administration directly issued a special approval letter.

  It took advantage of the long-term credibility of these newspapers to enhance the persuasiveness of the news and undermine the morale of the British resistance.

  As for the consequences caused by this, it is just a minor problem and can be completely remedied later. Compared with winning this war as quickly as possible, it is not worth mentioning at all.

  Naturally, the people who were most irritated were the Irish.

  "Looking forward to the stars, looking forward to the moon", finally it was time for the decline of the British Empire. The opportunity for independence has arisen, and it would be unreasonable if we don't jump out and make trouble again.

  Since October, the Irish region has become less peaceful, with various Zionist armies, guerrillas, and resistance organizations all emerging.

  The police, composed of local people, were obviously unable to control the situation. In order to restore peace and stability on the island of Ireland as soon as possible, the British troops stationed on the island have begun to work hard.

  Even in Scotland, which was originally stable, there are people who are ready to take action.

  　With everyone's encouragement, Haiyue successfully corrected the common sense mistakes in the previous picture

  (end of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1170.Chapter 1148 The Great Inflation-69 Book Bar
2021-02-13 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1148: The Great Inflation
  As good news continues, there are also a lot of troubles accompanying it. The more allies the road is easier to navigate, and the more allies there are, the more disputes there will be.

  The Continental League originally had great internal conflicts, but after adding more members, the situation became even more serious.

  Had it not been for the mediation of the Vienna government, the great chaos that occurred in Europe might have happened in America.

  Foreign Minister Leo: "Your Majesty, news came from the Embassy in the Far East that the Japanese government sent a representative to submit a letter of credence and request armistice negotiations."

  I have to admit that the Japanese these days are really capable of bending and stretching. No neutral country dares to step out to mediate, so they might as well come to the door themselves.

  Although in this way, the initiative in the negotiations was lost; but given the current international situation, the Japanese government has no initiative in the first place, and there is no need to lose it at all.

  What really requires extra payment is nothing more than the illusory "face"; and for the weak, the worthless "dignity".

  Although there were many members of the Continental League, only a few had any weight, and even fewer were willing to speak for the Japanese.

  In any case, the Japanese have indeed offended three big bosses. If they help at this time, who knows if they will get into trouble?

  The only option left to the Japanese government was to find a new owner and seek asylum before the British were finished.

  Looking at the whole world, apart from the Holy Roman Empire, there is no other one with this ability.

  Politics does not talk about emotions. Even if there is a conflict with Shinra, the Japanese government can only bite the bullet and get involved.

  This was something that was expected, but when it really happened, Franz couldn't help but laugh.

  In order to maintain the image of the monarch, Franz suppressed his smile and pretended to be serious: "If you want to stop the war, stop the war. The Japanese think it is children's play.

  Tell the Japanese that if you want to stop the war, you must show sincerity." Come, or lay down your arms and surrender unconditionally."

  The word "sincerity" is probably the most difficult word in the world to understand. I guess no one can answer how to do it to be sincere.

  However, this is exactly what Franz wants to see. Only with ambiguous answers can you avoid taking responsibility and leave yourself enough room for maneuver.

  Otherwise, once the news of "instructing the Japanese to kill the Russian troops in the Far East" spread, where would Emperor Franz's face be?
  It doesn't matter if you deceive your allies. Allies are meant to be deceived. But if you cheat your allies with open fire, you have crossed the bottom line.

  As a rule maker, Franz would not do such a thing that crossed the line.

  In contrast, if the Japanese can understand it on their own, then no matter what happens, it has nothing to do with Franz.

  The main thing still depends on the outcome of the civil war in the Russian Empire. If Russia is separated by luck, it means that the Japanese have not shown sincerity and must be severely punished.

  If the Russians survive the crisis, out of the need to check and balance the Russians, there is no harm in keeping Japan as a pawn.

  Of course, the prerequisite is that the Japanese kill the Russian troops in the Far East and prove that they have the strength to contain the Russians.

  Fortunately, only he knew Franz's plan. If the Japanese government knew the truth, it would probably have a mental breakdown immediately.

  What's even more tragic is that no matter how broken your mentality is, you must follow the established script.

  Betting on whether the Russians can survive, there is still a certain chance; if you reject the content of the script, it is 100% complete.

  Prime Minister Chandler: "The Japanese are just a small trouble. They are a militaristic agricultural country and are not worthy of our attention.

  Including the interest disputes between American allies, it is not a big deal. It takes a little time to solve it." It can be done.

  The real trouble is the Americans and the Russians. Although the United States has been divided once, the United States is still too big.

  No one knows how much benefit they have gained from the British this time. Once they let them After absorbing the gains, there will definitely be trouble in the future.

  The Alliance must also be more vigilant. Although they are leaning towards us in this war, they have promised to go to war with the United States, but they have still not really started to do it until now.

  It is clear that they want to use help. The power of the alliance is to expand one's own power. If it is not curbed, it will be another hot potato in the future.

  Not to mention the Russians, who have been a threat to the European continent in the past few hundred years, and they have only settled down after the rise of the empire. A few years.

  The Tsarist government's greed for land has no end. If their strength is not weakened, I am afraid that the European continent will not be peaceful in the future.

  Now is the best opportunity. If this opportunity is missed, in the future they will collude with Britain and France who are unwilling to fail. If you get up, it will be a big trouble."

  It can be seen that Prime Minister Chandler does not take the British seriously. Before the World War ended, Britain had moved down two places from HRE's threat list.

  Targeting the United States is relatively easy. Anyway, they are enemies now. As long as they don't accept their defection on the battlefield, they can pull allies to suppress them openly.

  The most troublesome thing was dealing with the Russians. As Austria's traditional ally and now an important member of the Continental Alliance, it is impossible for the Vienna government to attack them directly.

  Not only cannot they take action, but the Vienna government, as an ally, must also provide help to the Russians on the surface.

  Even to cut off the supply of strategic materials, they found an excuse to "give priority to the Russian troops on the front line", otherwise they would not be able to explain themselves.

  This is the limit of what the Vienna government can do. Supporting the national independence movement and aiding the revolutionary party are absolutely unacceptable.

  "The issue of the Americans will be put aside for the time being and will be dealt with after the war against Britain is over.

  It is not convenient for us to directly intervene in the issue of the Russians and let the Berlin government handle it."

  Fortunately, the Holy Roman Empire still has a staunch opponent. Russian Prussia, otherwise Franz doesn’t know who to let take the lead.

  Although these small actions cannot be hidden from those who are interested, as long as the Vienna government firmly refuses to recognize them, it means that they have not done anything.

  As for the anti-Russian behavior of the Kingdom of Prussia, that is a legacy of history and has nothing to do with the central government.

  ...

  The Vienna government is preparing for the aftermath, and the London government is also thinking about the way out. At this point in the war, Britain has essentially lost.

  As allies continue to defect, the supply of supplies to the British Isles has become increasingly difficult.

  Now you not only have to be wary of enemy submarine attacks, but you also have to worry about stabbings from your allies.

  Once the allies change sides, all Britain's assets in the country will be in vain.

  In a sense, Britain's huge investment overseas is also one of the reasons why countries dare to change jobs.

  After confiscating these British assets, not only did they submit a certificate of surrender to the Continental League, they also made up a lot of the price they had to pay, and some countries even made a profit.

  The war has not yet been defeated, but the British have experienced the sequelae of defeat first.

  A large amount of overseas assets were lost, and the British capital industry also suffered heavy losses. In particular, the financial market was in a state of mourning, and the stock market was cut in half again and again.

  Unlike the previous assets confiscated by the Continental Alliance, at that time everyone still thought that after the war was over, they could get the capital back with interest.

  The current situation is very obvious. Anyone with a little knowledge knows that the British Empire has lost the possibility of winning the war.

  The most optimistic estimate now is that Britain can escape unscathed after paying a certain price.

  Stocks are speculated on expectations. Now that future expectations are gone, it has naturally become the biggest negative in the market.

  Compared with ordinary investors, the well-informed consortium reacted more violently, and now they are desperate to cut their flesh.

  Cutting the flesh wasn't enough. After getting the cash, the capitalists tried every means to exchange it for gold. Even though a premium is now required, it still cannot stop everyone's enthusiasm for gold.

  In the era of the gold standard, the exchange of pounds for gold required a premium. From an economic point of view, the price of gold increased, or the pound depreciated.

  As a monetary reserve, the value of gold itself has not changed, so the pound can only depreciate.

  And as the "premium" continues to rise, the "depreciation" of the pound continues invisibly.

  Based on the market's general judgment on the impact of the devaluation of the pound, it seems that overnight, the pound has been reduced from a world currency to a junk currency that everyone despises.

  Affected by this general environment, commodity prices in the British Isles once again set foot on the highway and began to surge upwards.

  Not to mention expecting to turn defeat into victory, no one even gave up hope of paying a certain price and escaping unscathed.

  The stock market crash came second, and the financial crisis caused by the stock market crash was the biggest headache for Prime Minister Campbell.

  War is all about money, and the financial revenue of the British Empire is not too high, at least when compared with the Holy Roman Empire, the two are not on the same level.

  The most critical factor in being able to mobilize enough funds for the war is that the British financial system is developed and the government's financing capacity is strong.

  But now the financial crisis has broken out, and the London financial market has been hit hard. It is almost impossible to raise funds from the market in a short period of time.

  War is a gold-eating beast, and the government's meager financial resources alone cannot sustain it for long without subsequent replenishment of funds.

  The situation was already dangerous, but now there were problems with material supplies and the government's purse. It was hard for Campbell not to panic.

  There is no use just panicking. The biggest problem in Britain now is "confidence". People, interest groups, and even government officials were skeptical that the war could be won.

  Unless the British army can achieve a major victory on the battlefield and stimulate everyone's nerves, it will be almost impossible to change everyone's minds.

  Finance Minister Asquith: "Recently, domestic inflation has been very severe, the people at the bottom are suffering, and the market is losing confidence in the pound.

  More and more people are choosing to exchange for gold, and our reserves have dropped to 50 The lowest point in years, free convertibility has to be temporarily suspended.

  However, this is a temporary solution, not the root cause. It can only temporarily curb the outflow of gold, but cannot fundamentally solve the problem.

  To avoid this situation, the best way is to decouple the pound from gold , implement a credit-based system.

  ..."

  The methods were all forced. If there had not been a wave of bank runs, Asquith would never have implemented a "credit-based system."

  It’s not that we don’t know the benefits of the “credit-based system”, it’s mainly that the risks involved are too great. If you are not careful, the value of the British pound will completely drop.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1171.Chapter 1149 Armistice Negotiations-69 Book Bar
2021-02-12Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1149 Armistice Negotiations
  Currency standard reform is nothing new. The gold standard was only accepted by European countries in the past thirty to fifty years.

  Changes occurred midway. In order to avoid large-scale outflows of gold, countries basically introduced restrictive policies during the reform period.

  The most representative one is the Vienna government's Financial Control Act, which explicitly stipulates: restrict large capital outflows.

  This is also one of the reasons why financial capitalists hate HRE. The circulation of large amounts of capital is restricted and it is impossible to move in and out quickly, which seriously affects the speed at which everyone makes money.

  Britain was a financial hegemon before the war and had a long history of capital surplus, so there was no need to restrict capital outflows.

  Things are different now. As the situation continues to worsen, capitalists with a keen sense of politics are already preparing to run away.

  Anyone with a discerning eye knows that once the Oceanic Alliance collapses, even if Britain can escape unscathed, there will be no future at all.

  Looking around, we see enemies everywhere, so how can we talk about future development?

  Capitalists can take their money and run away, but other vested interests cannot. Without Britain, capitalists can still be capitalists, but aristocrats and bureaucrats have nothing.

  Although the power of capital is powerful, it is not their turn to dominate the British Empire these days.

  We share blessings and share hardships. If the capitalists want to withdraw from the whirlpool, other forces will naturally not agree.

  If we want to die, we must all die together. We cannot just fight to the death on the battlefield and let the capitalists stab us in the back.

  "Reform of the standard system" is the countermeasures taken by everyone. Once capitalists withdraw funds on a large scale, the pound and gold will be completely decoupled.

  Just like the French government did the same at the end of the European War. While abandoning the gold standard, the free convertibility of the franc into gold was also stopped.

  In the era of the gold standard, currency that cannot be freely exchanged is worthless and is not recognized by the international capital market, so it becomes waste paper when taken out.

  There was no reserve limit. In order to raise funds, the French government printed money unscrupulously, and inflation quickly swept the country.

  In order to preserve their wealth, capitalists holding large amounts of francs had to purchase assets.

  After the defeat of the war, the capitalists who held a large amount of assets were successfully trapped in France and their vitality was severely damaged. Some of the unlucky ones were tried as war criminals.

  The ability, which was originally at an economic disadvantage, gradually gained the upper hand in the subsequent struggle and returned to the era of aristocracy and bureaucracy.

  There are ready-made examples there, and the British government naturally wants to use them to scare domestic capitalists.

  There is no problem in running away, but it is impossible to withdraw money. Either spend money to buy national bonds and blood transfusions for this war; or overturn the table and crash the market and everyone is finished.

  No, to be precise, it's just the big capitalists and consortia that are going to die. Other interest groups will only suffer heavy losses, but it is not necessarily fatal.

  If anyone pays attention, they will find that the correspondence between the great British nobles and their European relatives has become more frequent in recent times.

  It's hard to say whether this is a normal interaction between relatives, or whether they are looking for someone to bridge the gap and prepare a way out.

  After all, the Holy Roman Empire was the stronghold of conservative forces and was very stubborn in maintaining its fine traditions.

  Just look at France after the war. Except for a few short-sighted nobles who were sent to military courts, the rest were lightly let off.

  With such ready-made cases, it is not surprising that everyone is active. After all, if the ship is sinking, the people on board must find a way to survive.

  The specific manifestation is that the British Isles' calls for negotiations are getting stronger and stronger, and more and more people are asking the London government to end the war.

  As for how to end the war, that is a matter for the government. Anyway, "anti-war" is correct now.

  ...

  In Buckingham Palace, a flustered King Edward VII was holding an encrypted telegram that had been crumpled into a ball and then reopened.

  Compared with the content of the telegram, what needs to be kept confidential is the address of the power generation - the Palace of Vienna.

  As the two major royal families in the European monarchy world, the Gotha family and the Habsburg family naturally have marriages, and more than once.

  Franz and Edward VII were still legitimate sons and daughters. However, in the European world, it has always been "relatives remain relatives, and wars remain wars."

  The First World War in the original time and space was a big melee between relatives, and this time was no exception.

  It's just that Edward VII is a little bit tragic. This European uncle, unfortunately, is on the opposite side of all his relatives, and is now being beaten by everyone.

  In the early days of the war, Edward VII took the initiative to reduce contact with relatives in order to avoid suspicion.

  It is a pity that the development of the situation is very embarrassing, and it is almost over. For the future of the British Empire, and in order to keep their own throne, they now have to restore contact.

  Different from the one-stop response in the original time and space, due to the influence of the butterfly effect, the central figure in the European royal family has now become Franz, not his European uncle.

  Judging from the reaction of Edward VII, we know that the "in-laws" of the Vienna Palace did not give him face.

  After calming down, Edward VII was quickly relieved. When it comes to national interests, it won't work on anyone.

  The war has progressed to this point, and it can no longer be stopped just by saying stop.

  The British people's anti-war voices are rising, mainly due to the impact of bombing and material shortages. Everyone's life is almost unbearable.

  But the Holy Roman Empire is different. Now from top to bottom, they want to bring down the British Empire and become the world hegemon, drinking and eating meat.

  Now that Britain wants to negotiate an armistice, the conditions must be harsh. Just as the three points required in the telegram:
  1. Transfer all colonies;

  2. Independence for Ireland, Scotland, and Wales;

  3. Compensation for the losses of the participating countries in the Continental League.

  Except for the third article on compensation for losses, which does not have a specific figure and leaves room for negotiation, the first two are rigid regulations. If you are satisfied, then negotiate. If you are not satisfied, there is no need to negotiate.

  If Edward VII dared to agree to such conditions, Buckingham Palace would change its owner within three days.

  Although he knew the ending was not ideal, George who was approaching couldn't help but asked: "Father, what does the telegram say?"

  "Read it for yourself!"

  Edward VII said as he handed over the telegram. It can be seen that he is in a very low mood now and does not even want to say anything more.

  "This is impossible! This is simply too much bullying, and the great British Empire will never tolerate it..."

  Before his son could finish expressing his feelings, Edward VII interrupted: "Don't say these useless things, they have no meaning.

  Franz dared to be so tough, not because our performance on the battlefield was not good, which made him think that the Holy Roman Empire was guaranteed to win.

  The war broke out for more than half a year, and the empire was defeated all the way. It had never won a major battle.

  Now all the countries in the world They joined the Continental Alliance one after another, and the enemy's strength continued to grow like a snowball. I will do the same if I change positions."

  Calmness is the greatest advantage of Edward VII. Even if the situation is so unfavorable, he can still think rationally and have no blame. .

  George: "But we..."

  "There is no but! In this age of the jungle, weakness is the biggest original sin.

  In the past, when Britain was strong, it treated other countries in this way, and even behaved more aggressively.

  Now that Britain is weak, in the We have fallen behind in the international competition, and now it is our turn to be unlucky.

  Unless we can make a comeback in the next war, the final armistice agreement will only be worse than this."

  King Edward VII said seriously.

  After hearing his father's explanation, George's brows tightened: "I'm afraid the people will not be able to accept this armistice treaty, and the royal family..."

  Perhaps because of tradition, Queen Victoria disliked Edward, thinking that he was too vain to be the king.

  Now Edward disliked his son, and was even more desperate about George's political responsiveness.

  Fortunately, Edward VII was not a time traveler. Otherwise, knowing George's miraculous maneuver in giving up monarchical power in history, he would have had to find a way to change his heir.

  "Accept the armistice"?
  Are you kidding? How can the royal family do such a thing?

  As the whole nation can testify, from the outbreak of the war His Majesty the Honorable Edward VII fell ill, and all government affairs were entrusted to the Cabinet Government.

  Anyone with a little bit of political acumen knows that what is entrusted is not only power, but also responsibility.

  From beginning to end, Edward VII took no part in the war. Even if he wants to cause trouble, he will be given permission to do so.

  Since they are not involved, no matter how serious the consequences are, the royal family is not involved, and all responsibilities lie with the cabinet government.

  Now contacting the Habsburg dynasty is nothing more than an added layer of insurance to ensure that the royal family will not be liquidated after the defeat.

  ...

  The capitalists want to escape, the royal family and the nobles are busy preparing for a retreat, and the London government, which is dancing on the egg, has once again received bad news.

  On October 2, 1905, the four-month-long Battle of Indochina came to an end. Britain once again suffered a disastrous defeat. The Continental Allied Forces swept all the way to Burma, and their troops were directed towards India.

  Before there was time to grieve, on October 7, 1905, the Suez Canal, which had been blocked for nearly a year, was restored to navigation.

  The combined fleet can freely move eastward, and the biggest problem restricting the mainland coalition's attack on India - logistics, can be solved through sea routes.

  The fact that the Combined Fleet dares to divide its forces does not mean that the Royal Navy can also divide its forces. You must know that taking the inner Mediterranean sea route is not even a bit closer than the Royal Navy that takes the detour.

  Once the royal forces are divided, there is a 100% chance that the combined fleet will take advantage of the time difference to catch them off guard and endanger the security of the homeland.

  However, without division of troops and reinforcements, the connection between India and the mainland was cut off, and India could only fight alone.

  Think about the Indian colonial army vs. the European allied forces, how miserable that scene was. Without India, would the British Empire still have an "empire"?

  The question before the British government is: "India" or "native". There is no doubt that this is a proposition.

  Before the British government could make a choice, the countries in the Ocean Alliance, which were still hesitating, made an instant decision - to get off the ship at all costs.

  Even Japan and the United States, which had not yet negotiated terms, immediately cut off from the British in order to minimize the fact that they were hostile to the Continental Alliance.

  Everyone has changed jobs, and John Bull, who is alone, can't continue to fight. If you don't negotiate while you still have some capital, put it off until later...

  (End of this chapter)

