
  Chapter 906: The Filled-in Passage

  The battle is still going on, and the sun has fallen sparsely, reflecting on the blood-red river surface. The atmosphere looks weird, like the Styx in hell.

  The rafts crossing the river had been lost in the previous battles, but the enemy's position was still as stable as a mountain.

  Even a small group of troops completed the task of crossing the river, but they were defeated by the stubborn resistance of the French army and were forced to return.

  This is not about being a deserter. According to European cultural traditions, soldiers who have run out of ammunition can surrender, and the Austrian army is no exception.

  The soldiers who participated in the sneak attack had all undergone swimming training, and a Suez Canal could not stop them.

  Moreover, there were rafts that had been destroyed by cannonballs and scattered around, which could serve as tools for escape, so there was no need to surrender.

  However, the journey back was not smooth sailing. From time to time, French soldiers shot at the river. Fortunately, the French army did not equip machine guns on a large scale these days, otherwise there would be no chance of retreat.

  Putting down the telescope in his hand, Colonel Boardman put down his last chance, and his expression became fierce, as if he was having a fierce inner struggle.

  "Order the artillery to adjust the muzzle to aim at the opposite river embankment, and use solid bullets to attack with all-out force!"

  For the safety of the canal, from the beginning of the battle to the present, France and Austria have been using explosive bullets, and occasionally solid bullets are used to target the opposite fortress. Go.

  The chief of staff on the side reminded: "Colonel, destroying the embankment on the opposite side will block the canal. Then..."

  Colonel Boardman waved his hand and interrupted: "Wrong, we are just attacking the enemy's fortress. The damage to the river embankment was caused by the French who deliberately blew it up before escaping when they saw that the situation was over."

  This reason was very far-fetched, but Colonel Boardman didn't care so much, anyway, it was better than nothing. If the headquarters cannot make a decision, let him make the decision for the headquarters.

  Political issues were not something that a colonel like him should consider. From a purely military perspective, Colonel Boardman's order was completely correct.

  As for the follow-up issues, it will test the diplomatic ability of the Austrian government and how thick-skinned the government is.

  After struggling for a while, the chief of staff chose to compromise. The same order, issued by different people, will have completely different political impacts.

  "When you are away, you will not accept your orders."

  It is not an empty saying, it also applies in Austria. Moreover, the emperor had not issued an order prohibiting the destruction of the canal. It was the Austrian government that requested the protection of the Suez Canal.

  The theater headquarters is a special organization in wartime. During the war, the military and political power on the front line is controlled by one person. As the commander, General Feslav naturally has to consider the problem comprehensively and must consider the government's requirements.

  But the middle-level military officers like Colonel Boardman are different. They are only loyal to the emperor and do not need to be responsible to the government at all.

  No matter how unhappy the government was, it could not bypass the emperor and directly intervene in the army.

  As long as the war is won, the government can only hold back its opinions. No one in Austria can target heroes on the battlefield for no reason.

  The real risk is defeat on the battlefield.

  However, the enemy on the opposite side gave Colonel Boardman confidence. More than half of the defenders were indigenous. If he couldn't win, he would have no shame in being in the army.

  ...

  As a new round of bombing began, under the fierce attack of artillery shells, the river embankment on the opposite side gradually began to collapse.

  By the time the headquarters received the news, the deal was already done, and there was actually no choice but to bite the bullet and go on.

  Admiral Feslav was on the verge of tears at this ending. Just an hour ago, he had just sent a message asking the emperor if he wanted to fill in a passage, and the result happened immediately.

  It was too late to withdraw. Urgent telegrams from the front were delivered as soon as possible. Now Feslav bit the bullet and sent another telegram to explain.

  As for whether the instigator, Colonel Boardman, is a hero or a sinner, this question still depends on the development of the war situation. Fislav has no intention of pursuing the responsibility now.

  Without any hesitation, General Feslav made a decision: "Order all the troops on the front line to stop being timid and give me a free hand.

  Now I only have one request: to cross the river in the shortest possible time and defeat the French on the other side. People, all of them are based on the Suez Canal."

  If soldiers want to strengthen their backs, they still have to rely on their achievements. As long as the battle is won, these problems can only be regarded as dust of the past.

  ...

  In the Vienna Palace, looking at the two completely different telegrams in his hands, Franz didn't know whether to praise General Feslav for his obedience or to criticize him for being stubborn.

  After thinking about it, Franz still felt that the senior generals on the front line should be more obedient. After all, it is safe to use!

  As for Colonel Boardman, who made his own decisions, that was no longer a problem. As a pure soldier, thinking only from a military perspective, this was exactly what Franz wanted.

  He would rather deal with the aftermath for these simple guys than turn the frontline generals into politicians who are looking forward and backward, which would mean disaster.

  Before Franz could call back, everyone in the cabinet came to visit. It was obvious from their faces that everyone was in a very bad mood.

  It's right to think about it. The international political advantage that was painstakingly created has now been completely disrupted, and no one will be happy if it happens to it.

  "Your Majesty, what happened in the Middle East war zone..."

  Before Weisenberg could finish speaking, Franz interrupted: "Okay, I already know about the Suez Canal.

  At this point, there is nothing to talk about anymore. It's useless. Even if there is to be held accountable, that will only happen after the war.

  The most urgent thing is to find a way later! The French are not terrible. They are held back by the bosses in Paris. Even if someone in the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs discovers a problem and wants to take advantage of the opportunity to cause trouble, these guys will do harm to them.

  The trouble is the British. Don't forget that not long ago they were inciting European countries to unite all countries to jointly manage the Suez Canal.

  The benefits are exciting, and everyone has long been salivating over the Suez Canal.

  It's just that the Suez Canal has always been jointly controlled by us and the French, and countries have to hold back their ambitions.

  After what happened now, the British have more solid reasons to demand international condominium. It is not known how many countries will be persuaded by the British in the future. "

  Changing the topic is a basic skill that Franz has learned during his years as emperor. Anyway, he is the emperor, and his subordinates cannot refuse to give him face and stick to one issue. This is a

  time of war, and internal conflicts must not break out. , so it is better to provoke external conflicts.

  As the war has progressed, Franz has finally figured out that no matter how powerful the butterfly effect is, it cannot change this world. This is a worse world. You can

  tell by looking at the performance of the French, give them After creating so many opportunities, they have yet to kill Belgium and reach the hinterland of the German region. In this case

  , it doesn't matter if they accuse the British again. After all, they are still fighting with the Russians. Even if they end the battle in person, they cannot give up. India came to help the French regardless.

  Moreover, this may not be unjust. With John Bull's style, this kind of thing is almost inevitable.

  Taking the subject off topic, the foreign secretary, who was originally angry and wanted to seek bad luck in the Middle East war zone, had to Calm down and think about countermeasures.

  After a moment, Foreign Secretary Weisenberg said slowly: "Your Majesty, the British government has always been eyeing the Suez Canal, and they probably will not let go of this opportunity to attack.

  Judging from the current international situation, Belgium, Germany, Montenegro, and Greece are our allies and will certainly not respond to the British call.

  Switzerland and the Netherlands are limited by their geographical location and should not take sides until the outcome of the anti-French war is unknown.

  The French wanted to monopolize the Suez Canal. Before the failure of the European War, the French government was mostly opposed to the international condominium canal.

  In a short period of time, the British could only stir up some public opinion and cause us some trouble, but it was not enough to form an absolute advantage. "

  The international situation is still so chaotic. There are no absolute friends or foes in the face of interests, but only common interests.

  Russia and Austria are still allies, but when it comes to the Suez Canal issue, Weisenberg is not sure whether the Tsarist government will support it. Austria, after all, it is impossible for the Vienna government to share the benefits of the canal with them.

  On the contrary, the French, who are at war, have the same position as Austria on this issue and will definitely oppose the international condominium management of the Suez Canal.

  Prime Minister Karl: "As long as we can delay Defeat the French on the battlefield and none of this would be a problem.

  At that time, we can use the interests of the French to bribe Spain and Switzerland, plus the independent Italian states and our current allies, and we will have the final say on the European continent.

  However, before that, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs still cannot relax its vigilance, especially as the war in Afghanistan has eased recently, so it must be even more careful. "

  There is no way, there are no eternal friends in international politics, only eternal interests. No betrayal occurred, it was just because there were not enough chips to promote the betrayal.

  Now that France and Austria are competing for European hegemony, the Austrian government has to be more vigilant, because the gambling table There are enough chips on the table.

  Leaving aside France, which is directly going to war, Britain and Russia, who are qualified to compete for hegemony, are also likely to jump out to pick peaches at critical moments. Just

  look at Austria's military operations and you will know that the African battlefield, In the battle for the Suez Canal, no troops were mobilized from the mainland. Those responsible for the implementation were colonial troops, or troops mobilized from Africa. Of the

  more than three million troops that were mobilized one after another, only those on the southern front were actually deployed on the battlefield. Of the hundreds of thousands of troops, the remaining troops, except for the millions of troops reinforcing Central Europe, are still at home.

  Logically speaking, as long as all these troops are sent out, the current combat needs can be met. But the follow-up mobilization work , is still ongoing.

  Of course, there is concern about the French being overwhelmed and the front line losing, but there is also a lack of distrust of the Russians.

  ...

  The government's decision-making has not affected the battle on the front line. There is no turning back when the bow is fired. , once it has been done, it must be done.

  Filling the Suez Canal by shelling alone is too time-consuming and time-consuming. In order to speed up, the frontline troops had to fill the river and build land under the threat of enemy artillery.

  Watching being hit by enemy artillery, Colonel Boardman frowned as he saw the car smoking black smoke halfway up the road.

  You must know that cars are rare items. In addition to the large-scale preparations of the main domestic troops, overseas armies only have a small amount of equipment in the logistics department.

  The garrisons in the Middle East are considered Fortunately, because it produces oil itself, Austria also has an oil refinery here, and oil supply is convenient, so each regiment has a car company. But

  this is only before the war. Starting from the great expansion of the army, such good things will end Newly

  produced military vehicles have to give priority to local troops, and very few of them have been assigned to the Middle East theater.

  Without any exception, Colonel Boardman's infantry division has also been expanded, from a regiment to a division before the war. .

  Other weapons were opened in the warehouse, and the number of cars was still the same as the car company, mainly used to transport logistics supplies.

  Seeing these treasures fall on the battlefield, Colonel Boardman's heart continued to bleed.

  After hesitating for a long time, Colonel Boardman seemed to have made a difficult decision and said harshly: "Order the car company to suspend operations and wait until night!" There is no way

  , the car's target is a little too big, and on average it will run After three or five trips, a car died heroically.

  As long as you can win, no matter how many cars you lose, it's worth it. The problem is that at the current rate, the car company will be finished before the Suez Canal is filled.

  It's okay to wait for follow-up reinforcements, but the problem is that time has passed. Colonel Boardman's division was not the only force launching the river filling operation at the same time. The Austrian army attacked at multiple points.

  Anyway, if the French army is defeated, the canal will be blown up. It won't be a big deal to fill in a few more roads.

  "Colonel, stop now. I'm afraid it will be difficult to be the first to complete the mission just relying on animal power transportation." The chief of staff reminded that

  as the first force to blow up the Suez Canal and launch the canal filling operation, if they cannot fill in a road in time for the army to cross the river, , Colonel Boardman really has no bright future.

  "There is no way. The target of the car is too big and it is difficult to escape the enemy's artillery attack. The enemy has built a complete fortification, and we have no way to destroy their firepower points in a short time. If we

  persist, our losses will be very heavy. And These exiled criminal laborers are different. The automobile company is a technical branch. If the seeds are destroyed, there is no way to replace them."

  Thanks to Franz's greening strategy, a large number of criminals are exiled to the Middle East every year, and the war Once the outbreak broke out, these guys were naturally transformed into laborers.

  Labor is a valuable asset in Austria, but once the word "criminal" is added to it, its value plummets instantly, turning from a precious "treasure" into a "cancer" on society.

  ...

  At the French Army Headquarters in Cairo, Governor Jacob has been in a bad mood since the news of the Austrian army filling the river.

  Originally, he planned to seize the Sinai Peninsula, occupy the entire Suez Canal, and establish great military exploits for France.

  Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly. As soon as he took action, the Austrian army from the African continent came over and killed Egypt. For a while, Egypt fell into an embarrassing situation with enemies on all sides.

  Facing the wolf-like enemy, the troops on the border could not withstand it. Governor Jacob had to shrink the defense line while drawing reinforcements from all over to support the front line.

  It has become inevitable to draw troops to the front line of the canal. After all, a major turmoil broke out in Egypt a few years ago, resulting in serious population losses. Even if Governor Jacob wanted to go aggressive, he didn't have enough young people.

  Originally, Governor Jacob had placed his hope in the Austrian army being wary of international pressure and not daring to easily destroy the Suez Canal, which is known as "eternal neutrality."

  As long as it lasts for a few months and the winner is decided in the homeland, the Egyptian region will be victorious.

  Unfortunately, the deterrent effect of the "international pressure" was too low. After only a few days of delay, the tiger's power was exposed.

  As bad as it is, Governor Jacob still has some confidence in the canal defense line he manages. Even if he cannot defeat the enemy, it cannot be broken through in a short time.

  "Order the troops on the front line of the canal to rely on fortifications to defend on the spot, give the enemy a head-on blow, and show off the majesty of the French Army..."

  (End of this chapter)


  Chapter 907: Trapping Teammates In the middle of the game,

  one wave breaks out, another wave arises.

  Before the Vienna government could complete the aftermath of the destruction of the canal, the battlefield in Central Europe changed again.

  After 27 days of hard fighting and paying a heavy price of nearly 50,000 casualties, the French army still tore through the Luxembourg defense line that the German Federation had painstakingly built, opening the door to the German region.

  There is also a skill in tricking teammates. If it had been earlier, Archduke Albrecht would naturally not have minded the French army galloping in the German region. Anyway, the Austrian reinforcements were still on the road and out of reach, so no one could say anything.

  It doesn't work now. Austrian reinforcements have arrived at the front line. The nearest troops are less than 30 kilometers away from the Luxembourg front line. It would be unreasonable to watch the allies be destroyed.

  But rescue is not easy. You must know that these troops also have tasks, and the Belgians are waiting for them to rescue them.

  Unlike the German Confederation, Belgium is a truly small country. The war has progressed so far, and the young and strong people from all over the country have joined the battle. It can be said that the full war potential has been unleashed.

  There is no way, this is the fault of the geographical location. After the war broke out, the Kingdom of Belgium, which was the weakest, passively assumed the heaviest combat mission in the anti-French alliance.

  Austria is too far away, and the German Federation is slow to provide them with support in time. The Kingdom of Belgium can only grit its teeth and hold on, and now it has reached its limit.

  Since Belgium had persisted until now, Archduke Albrecht naturally could not watch them die. After the reinforcements arrived, he immediately ordered reinforcements for Belgium.

  As for the Luxembourg and Rhineland front lines, the German Federation has more manpower after all, and its troops are still relatively sufficient.

  However, the reality is such a comedy. Before the crumbling Kingdom of Belgium collapsed, the stronger German Federation was first able to break through its defense line.

  "There are 350,000 troops defending the Luxembourg front line, and more than 400,000 German troops in the Rhineland can also support them. Why did the defense line suddenly collapse?"

  Archduke Albrecht asked angrily.

  He couldn't help but be angry. Luxembourg's defense line failed sooner or later, but it collapsed when it least should have.

  If the defense line collapses a few days early, the Austrian reinforcements are still on the way, so naturally there is no need to bear responsibility for it; if it collapses a few days later, the main force of the Austrian army has come over, and there is no fear of fighting with the French.

  That's not possible now. There are only fifteen divisions of the leading Austrian troops arriving at the front line. It's okay to reinforce Belgium to help stabilize the defense line.

  If you want to fight a decisive battle with the French, there is no hope unless the numbers are doubled several times. Archduke Albrecht does not think that the Austrian army can be so powerful that it is outnumbered.

  Adrian, the general of the German Federation who was responsible for coordinating the work, explained bitterly: "Your Excellency, Marshal, this was a complete accident. As you

  know, we have many states. This is the first time that all states have jointly acted, and the military command It is inevitable that there will be some problems, so..."

  "There are some problems" in the command system. This is completely because Admiral Adrian is trying to put money in his own face.

  In fact, the issue of military command authority of the German Federation has never been straightened out.

  The armies of each state have independent command authority. The commander-in-chief appointed by the central government is more like the coordinator of a military alliance and has no mandatory binding force on the troops of each state.

  Even the battle plan was formulated by representatives of all states. Even if there is an emergency, everyone must meet together to make a decision, otherwise the armies of each country will not be able to reach the headquarters at all.

  Fortunately, the German army has always relied on fortifications for defense, and there were not many military mobilizations required. Otherwise, the French would have killed them long ago due to this chaotic command system.

  You can escape the first grade of junior high school, but you can't escape the fifteenth grade. The consequences of the chaotic command system still broke out. As a price, the German Federation lost the Luxembourg defense line.

  Archduke Albrecht waved his hand and interrupted Admiral Adrian's long speech: "Well, now is not the time to hold people responsible, and I am not interested in knowing those bad things.

  Now tell me where the French hit. , and the losses of the frontline troops, or how many troops you can control?"

  If the battle is defeated, chaos will inevitably occur. In particular, the German Federal Army is still doing its own thing, and the situation is even more critical.

  At this time, Archduke Albrecht only hoped that these guys could burst out of their potential when they ran away and retain as much energy as possible so that they could delay the French advance in the next battle.

  Adrian replied in a deep voice: "After the past few days of fighting, the troops on the front line have long been exhausted physically and mentally. They suffered a sudden defeat, and many troops were disorganized.

  Now we are gathering the broken troops, and we have initially estimated the strength of this time The loss would be more than half.

  After the enemy had broken through the defense line, the troops divided into two groups, marching all the way to Belgium and the Rhineland.

  We had already built a second line of defense in the Rhineland, but the incident happened suddenly. We don't have enough troops..."

  After saying this, Adrian stopped abruptly. There is no way, it's really embarrassing. Not only was their own defense line open, but Belgium was also miserably trapped by the German army.

  It's nothing to cheat teammates, and Adrian is not a virgin. The problem is that once Belgium falls, the German Federation will not escape.

  The Austrian allies did come, but the Austrian troops arriving at the front line were limited and unable to close the gap.

  Looking at the map, Archduke Albrecht said coldly: "There will be no reinforcements. The situation on the front line is gone, and the dozen or so divisions in my hands simply cannot take care of both fronts. The top

  priority is to find a way to hold the Rhine River for the sake of peace. Create conditions for subsequent counterattacks. As for other areas, give up at this time. You should

  know the importance of the Rhine River. If you don't want to see the French army galloping in the hinterland of Germany, then immediately shrink your troops and hold on."

  He looked embarrassed, but in fact Archduke Albrecht was already happy deep down.

  A decisive battle with the French army in Germany and a decisive battle with the French army in France are two completely different concepts.

  In addition to military gains, more important are political gains. The defeat of the German frontline will inevitably awaken the German people's sense of crisis.

  In a sense, the worse the frontline loses now, the louder the call for post-war reunification will be.

  Especially the people who have personally experienced this war can better understand the importance of a strong country.

  Little Germany, led by Hannover, obviously cannot meet everyone's needs. At that time, public opinion will spontaneously promote the unification of the German region and form a general trend.

  As for the group of state governments who have their own evil intentions, after experiencing this war, it is almost time to recognize the reality. Especially the states that directly suffered from the war will need Austria's help even more after the war.

  After a pause, Archduke Albrecht added: "By the way, you have to explain it yourself on the Belgian side."

  The explanation has reached this point, and any explanation is in vain. No matter how fanciful it is, it can't change the reality that Belgium has been cheated.

  If it does not want to lose all its wealth, the Belgian government has no choice but to give up most of its territory and stick to a few military fortresses.

  If they are lucky, they will be able to hold on until the main Austrian force arrives; if they are not lucky, they will have no choice but to go into exile.

  It is conceivable that the relationship between Germany and Belgium will not be good for a long time to come. In the subsequent war, cooperation between the two countries cannot be expected.

  But this has nothing to do with Archduke Albrecht. For the great cause of the unification of the German region, it is inevitable to make some sacrifices.

  It is better to use French hands to deal with this group of princes by force than the Vienna government going into battle naked to cut down the feudal vassals.

  "Your Excellency, Marshal, there is still hope of sending troops to close the gap now, and there is even..."

  Before Adrian could finish his words, Archduke Albrecht interrupted forcefully: "Your Excellency, all this is your wishful thinking.

  If you can To close the gap, the Rhineland Army has already taken action. But so far, they have not been seen taking action. Could it be that they are waiting for my order?

  At this point, the most important thing is to stabilize the situation and create opportunities for the subsequent counterattack. , rather than gambling for the eventuality.

  You should know that we cannot afford to lose now. If the front line fails again, the international situation will be reversed, and countries that were originally leaning towards us may switch to the arms of the French. ."

  There are never any excuses. Archduke Albrecht was determined to kill people with borrowed knives, so naturally he would not be persuaded.

  ...

  In the Royal Palace of Brussels, Leopold II, who had just woken up from his nap, and before he had time to wash himself, received the shocking news that the Luxembourg defense line collapsed.

  Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge knows that once Luxembourg falls, Belgium's flanks will be exposed to the French army.

  The war has progressed to this point, and the Kingdom of Belgium has already exhausted its efforts and cannot provide enough troops to build a left-wing defense line in a short period of time.

  "Trash!"

  "They are all a bunch of trash!"

  "Nearly 800,000 troops can't even defend Luxembourg. Are all the generals of the German Federation eating shit..."

  ...

  Faced with the king's endless curses, no one There is no small problem of 800,000 people to correct the German troops guarding Luxembourg.

  "Your Majesty, the German army is retreating. Our left wing is directly exposed to the enemy's eyes. Now we can only..."

  Prime Minister August still had a political mind. Before he was sure of Leopold II's position, he did not Just say the word exile.

  Perhaps the venting just now relieved his mood, or perhaps the Prime Minister's persuasion had an effect. After calming down, Leopold II said in a deep voice:

  "Didn't Albrecht send us reinforcements? Send these troops up. , they are also useless!"

  "Your Majesty, these troops will not come. Just received a telegram from the coalition command, Archduke Albrecht is preparing to build a Rhine River defense line.

  It is recommended that we shrink our troops and abandon unnecessary defense lines , only guarding a few key areas and waiting for the next major counterattack."

  Army General De Smet replied.

  "Hmph!"

  "It's easy for him to wait for the big counterattack. Anyway, the battlefield is not in Austria, so it doesn't matter how we fight.

  But what should we do?

  What should we do with the six million Belgian people?

  Hold on to Brussels, or go into exile in Austria?

  ..."

  Leopold II raised a series of questions, constantly impacting everyone, and conducting a soul torture that was destined to be fruitless deep in everyone's hearts.

  ...

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 908 Seizing Command

  The collapse of the Luxembourg defense line had a huge impact. France's prestige once again resounded across the European continent, as if the army that swept across the European continent in the past had returned.

  Belgium panicked, many states in the German region panicked, European countries also panicked, and even Austria was panicking.

  The Palace of Vienna

  put down the newspaper that boasted about the invincibility of France. Franz nodded with satisfaction: "Well done. I believe that we will be able to gain a lot of help in the next period of time." The

  European balance policy, not only the United Kingdom People are playing. In fact, most European countries are supporters of this policy, and no one wants a behemoth to appear on their head.

  There is no doubt that this continental war is the key to whether the continental balance can be sustained. A victory for any FAO team is not what everyone wants to see.

  Now that France has the upper hand, naturally someone is going to hold back. In order to make the storm stronger, Franz must of course exaggerate the power of France.

  The facts are before our eyes. The German Federation, a medium-power country that relied on fortifications for defense, could not survive a month at the hands of the French army.

  You must know that the Kingdom of Prussia was not as powerful as the German Federation in the past, and it was able to fight with the Russians. In the end, it was defeated by the Tsarist government's human sea tactics.

  With this set of stark contrasts, who would dare to say that France is not the world's largest army power?

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Your Majesty, the strength of France has long been deeply rooted in the hearts of the people. If we continue to build momentum for them, it will easily get out of control.

  The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has learned that Switzerland, the Netherlands, Portugal and other countries have been flirting with the French recently. We The isolated French political structure that has been painstakingly created is being shaken."

  The way for a small country to survive is for the grass to fall in the wind. Now that the French have the upper hand, everyone will naturally move forward.

  Of course, this move closer was not their true wish. It was only because of survival needs that they eased relations with the French.

  Although they are getting closer openly, they should continue to stab them secretly. After all, the French Empire seems to be too aggressive and may threaten their safety at any time.

  Franz shook his head: "It doesn't matter. These small countries are moving closer to them, but the big countries are alienating them. Have

  you noticed that since the Luxembourg defense line fell, our destruction of the Suez Canal has been selectively forgotten by everyone?

  The members of the Italian independence organization detained by the British will soon be released to the country. It seems that the London government is still very wary of the French. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will try harder to encourage the British

  to increase tariffs on exports of materials to France and continue to increase them. The cost of the war for the French.

  Spain and Russia cannot relax their public relations. Although they are not very reliable, they can also cause difficulties for the French."

  It may seem like an understatement, but in fact Franz's heart is not peaceful. Now European countries can hold back the French, and they will also hold back Austria in the future. In any case, they will oppose whoever is stronger.

  But at this stage, if we want to complete the imperial unification strategy, we must solve France; to solve France, we must also solve the European countries.

  Well, Franz was rational and chose to go with the flow, without any plans to fight against the European countries.

  The Austrian General Staff was not the Showa General Staff, and it was not stupid enough to formulate a strategy to conquer Europe. I was just preparing to catch everyone off guard and conduct a chicken-stealing operation.

  In order to achieve strategic goals, Franz did not hesitate to suppress the frontline generals. I would rather bear the political pressure caused by the early battlefield defeat, but...

  "

  Hurry, run faster!"

  "Filier, you are an idiot. If you don't catch up, the French will be like this." I'm going to poke you in the butt!"

  The middle-aged officer's urging voice kept ringing, but the effect was unsatisfactory. There was no other way. They defeated the battle in a daze, and then fled for their lives in a daze. The morale of the army was long gone.

  The Luxembourg defense line collapsed, but the German army's retreat was not cut off. The French came directly from front A, and there was no way to stop everyone from escaping.

  If it weren't for the chaos in the German command system and the reserve forces not being put in to plug the gap in the front line in time, and all the troops fleeing for their lives in a swarm, they wouldn't be in such a mess now.

  Philier, who was scolded, replied breathlessly: "Colonel, we are already very fast. But how can we outrun four legs when we are running on two legs?"

  It was obvious that this was an army from a small country. Only in the army of a small country, officers and soldiers can get along so casually.

  The middle-aged officer sternly scolded: "Filier, you are really stupid. The French only have so many cavalry, and there are so many broken troops on the front line. Can they be busy?" The

  facts once again confirmed that "it doesn't matter if you can't outrun the enemy, as long as you Just outrun your allies" is the battlefield survival rule.

  Because of the issues left over from history, the relationship between the German states is not as harmonious as it seems, and there is no pressure on Colonel Lane to abandon his allies and run away.

  It can’t be considered lost. Now everyone is running for their lives in a hurry. The situation on the front line is gone. The situation on the battlefield has been completely corrupted. It is not possible for the small force of the "Bremen Hanse" to turn things around.

  Being able to run away with the troops instead of riding away on horseback, Colonel Lane can be regarded as fulfilling his duties.

  Perhaps they ran fast enough, or perhaps their desire to survive moved God. They ran all the way from Luxembourg to Coblenz without encountering the French army.

  At this point, the escape journey came to an end. Seeing the Austrian flag erected in front of him, Colonel Lane breathed a sigh of relief and was about to step forward to negotiate when a loud voice rang out.

  "Tell me your unit number and commander's name!"

  The person who spoke was a young officer, holding a small notebook in his hand, and behind him was a group of soldiers in full formation.

  Anyone would feel uncomfortable facing ten guns, and Colonel Lane was no exception. He frowned and replied: "Bremen Hanseatic Defense Forces, Commander Colonel Lane!"

  The specific number is not needed. The Hanseatic Free City of Bremen is only a larger town, with more prosperous commerce and denser population.

  There are only a few hundred troops participating in this war. The establishment of a reinforced battalion is enough. It is much more convenient to report the country name directly than the serial number.

  Perhaps aware of the poor image of his group, Lane emphasized his status as a colonel, hoping to get better treatment.

  Frankly speaking, Ryan was not satisfied with his status as a colonel. Looking at the top commanders sent by other countries were generals, he was the only colonel. Everyone looked inferior when standing together.

  Unfortunately, the domestic parliamentarians did not agree and resolutely suppressed his military "big boss" rank to the school level on the grounds that he had no military exploits.

  Hearing the word "Colonel", the young officer became much more polite. After all, we are allies, and we still recognize each other's military rank, even if there is a lot of water in it.

  "Excuse me, Colonel, in what year did you join the army, and what occupation did you engage in before joining the army?"

  After a routine cross-examination, Colonel Lane suddenly looked embarrassed, and answered bravely: "Enlisted in the army three months ago, and was responsible for the security work in Bremen before joining the army. ."

  There is no way. Bremen's Hanseatic army is too small now and cannot afford a standing army. Generally speaking, it is the domestic police who work part-time as the army.

  Perhaps because he was worried that his resume was not glamorous enough and would be looked down upon, Colonel Lane added: "When I was young, I served as the commander of a mercenary army and fought against the British in South Africa." It

  is precisely because of the above . After passing through the battlefield, Ryan was able to stand out from many rookie competitors and become the commander of this force.

  The young officer opened his small notebook and quickly looked through it. After a moment, he said with a smile: "There is no problem with the information.

  Colonel Lane, on behalf of the coalition command, I welcome you back to the team."

  Colonel Lane's face changed when he heard "Return to the team." Suddenly it felt unnatural. There is no doubt that they were incorporated legally.

  After much hesitation, Colonel Lane said bravely: "Your Excellency, we have just suffered a defeat on the front line. Now the morale of the army is completely gone. The troops need to take necessary rest and reorganization."

  There was no way. When we were in Luxembourg, many small countries reported together. They have enough confidence to negotiate terms with the commanders appointed by the central government.

  It doesn't work now, the troops have been scattered. The soldiers do not know the generals, and the generals do not know the soldiers. This is the truest portrayal.

  The coalition command is gathering the defeated troops now, certainly not to help them restore their organization. As long as the commander is not stupid, he will take the opportunity to seize the command of the troops.

  By reorganizing the defeated troops and breaking up the military system based on states, he lost his ability to bargain.

  For the overall situation, this is the most beneficial, as it can integrate forces and exert the greatest combat effectiveness.

  But from the perspective of an individual or a small country, the situation is completely different. This means that they will lose their voice in the coalition.

  Theoretically, it would be more logical for the German federal government to do this kind of thing. After all, it is the de jure central government, which has the great mission of unifying the states below.

  The coalition command jumped out to gather and reorganize the defeated troops, which was still a bit overstepped. But these are all minor problems. The German command headquarters is now in chaos and cannot care about it at all.

  By the time they reacted, the established facts had been established. If they wanted to take back the command from Austria, they would have to go to the Vienna government to file a diplomatic lawsuit.

  As if he had thought of something, the young officer comforted him: "Don't worry, colonel, you won't have combat missions in the short term.

  Now you should go to the camp to take a bath, have a good sleep, and be energetic enough to wait for orders."

  He couldn't hold his arms back . Thigh, looking at the exhausted soldiers behind him, Colonel Lane nodded helplessly.

  ...

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 909 When the Airship Meets the Plane

  On November 1, 1890, Archduke Albrecht and Leopold II held a historic meeting in Cologne. The two sides had in-depth exchanges on anti-French issues.

  Well, this is all official talk. The real situation is that after the Luxembourg defense line collapsed, the situation in Belgium deteriorated. Leopold II could no longer control the situation and had to go into exile.

  Stick to Brussels, just think about it. With Belgium's strength, there is no way it can survive the French attack.

  However, the situation has not reached despair. Although the Luxembourg defense line has collapsed, the German Federation has suffered heavy losses, and Belgium is about to fall, it still cannot change the fact that this anti-French war has just begun.

  In essence, this war was caused by France and Austria in order to compete for European hegemony. As for Belgium and Germany, it was entirely their fault.

  Belgium's strategic location and the resources of the Rhineland region of the German Federation were the root causes of their involvement.

  Bede suffered heavy losses, but Austria, the leader, still had strength. On the southern front, the Austrian army still held an advantage; on the African battlefield, Austria even pushed the French to the ground and ravaged them.

  However, the Austrian army on the southern front did not achieve a substantial breakthrough, and the African battlefield was not taken seriously by everyone. Everyone focused their attention on the Central European battlefield, and they felt that the French had the upper hand.

  Before it was time to go all out, Leopold II was not a reckless man. After receiving the assurance from Archduke Albrecht, he decisively chose a strategic shift.

  As the war progresses, the fate of Leopold II, or rather the fate of Belgium, has been tied to Austria.

  If the war is won, Belgium's losses can be recovered from the French, and it is even possible to take a small step forward; if the war is lost, Leopold II will become a formal member of the exile army.

  If you open the history books, you will find that in the history of the European continent, there have been over a hundred royal families in exile, but only a few have been able to be restored. Most of the royal families have disappeared in the long river of history.

  What happened behind this was unknown to others, but Leopold II had heard about it.

  I may not be able to tell exactly what I went through. Anyway, except for a few royal families who are naturally extinct, most of them are extinct.

  Of course, behind these tragic figures, there are tricks to death. The content is so brainless that ordinary novel plots would not dare to be described in that way.

  In a political system like Europe, as long as the king does not commit suicide, he will not die.

  Napoleon is an example. He was just exiled even though he was having so much fun. The Bonaparte dynasty was not even wiped out.

  From Leopold II's point of view, holding on to Brussels was seeking death. On the battlefield, guns and cannons have no eyes, they don't distinguish between high and low status, and they don't have to take responsibility.

  This is not the most critical thing. The king does not need to go to the battlefield, and the chance of being accidentally injured is still very low.

  The key is that the French have the motive to kill him. France wants to annex Belgium, and he, the king, is an eyesore.

  Regicide is a very serious matter in Europe. If he is not dealt with on the battlefield, the French will not be able to do it afterwards.

  The Kingdom of Sardinia is a ready example. The royal family that was let go under international pressure has now jumped out to cause trouble for them.

  Politics is bloody, and Leopold II did not dare to gamble on the integrity of the French. Besides, the French may not be the only ones who want him finished.

  In addition to domestic opponents, the British and Austrians are also likely to play dirty tricks.

  Although Leopold II is from the same family as the British royal family and is related by marriage to the Austrian royal family, reality has proven that any relationship is unreliable in the face of national interests.

  ...

  After appeasing Leopold II, Archduke Albrecht breathed a sigh of relief. In his opinion, the ideological work of being a king is much more troublesome than fighting a war.

  Regardless of Belgium's strength, they are still a member of the anti-French alliance. If Leopold II surrenders to the French out of curiosity, Austria will suffer huge political losses.

  According to Emperor Franz, the essence of war is to increase allies and reduce enemies.

  In order to achieve this goal, even Montenegro and Greece, which could only play soy sauce, were forcibly pulled onto the chariot by the Vienna government.

  Of course, we can't count on them on the battlefield. But it is politically necessary. The more countries participating, the more it proves that the aggressive war launched by the French is unpopular.

  As long as there are more countries participating, when the international community defines this war in the future, Austria must be just and without any flaws.

  ...

  "Woooooooooooo..." The air defense siren suddenly sounded. Archduke Albrecht frowned and ordered the   guards

  : "Go out and see, what happened?"

I’ve heard about it before, but this is the first time I’ve experienced it in person.

  Although Austria was the first to use airships in warfare, the French were actually the originators of airships. As early as 1784, the French built the first airship.

  Many people won't believe it. Except for the power system of the world's first airship, which is a little bit more dangerous, everything else is fine.

  It is 15.6 meters long and has a maximum diameter of 9.6 meters. After filling with hydrogen, it can generate more than 1,000 kilograms of lifting force and last for seven hours of flight.

  After Austria used airships in warfare, European countries realized the importance of airships and began to field troops.

  However, this thing is a high-tech product after all, and the cost is very expensive. Only a few big countries can really equip it on a large scale.

  After the anti-French war broke out, the French airship troops showed great power, easily defeated the airships of Belgium and Germany, and seized air supremacy on the battlefield in one fell swoop.

  These days, the range of anti-aircraft weapons is limited, and accuracy depends on luck. As long as the airship does not lower its flight altitude, it is still very safe.

  Of course, high-altitude bombing is safe, and the hit rate is very impressive. The record depends entirely on God's blessing.

  After a while, the guard returned to the reporting room and reported: "Marshal, the enemy's airship is coming, and it seems to be reconnaissance." "

  Humph!"

  After a cold shout, Archduke Albrecht said expressionlessly: "I know!

  Pass the order . , ordered the engineering regiment to rush to work immediately and complete the airport construction in the shortest possible time."

  ...

  Colonel Lane was shocked and said: "What, let us repair the site for the airship? Major, are you mistaken? We are not engineers. ."

  The young officer explained helplessly: "I'm sorry, Colonel Lane. We don't have enough engineers, and we can't recruit enough civilians in a short time. Now you are the only ones without tasks." The

  Austrian vanguard is naturally the main force. There are only a very small number of engineers in the army. Most of these people are junior engineers trained in batches, mainly to solve airport and road traffic problems.

  Originally, the labor issue had been coordinated, and the German Federation would provide civilian laborers. Unexpectedly, the Luxembourg defense line suddenly collapsed, not only losing a large number of troops, but also a large number of civilians.

  Most of these civilian husbands are young and strong laborers drawn from the local area. If you want to continue to recruit civilian husbands, you must have enough young and strong people in the local area.

  Finally, the glorious and great task of repairing the airport fell to the Bremen Army Corps, which had just completed its reorganization.

  Without any surprise, the Bremen Army only had one battalion. Colonel Lane, who had the highest military rank and had combat experience, became the battalion commander without hesitation.

  The order has been issued. Whether he likes it or not, Colonel Lane must accept the reality of becoming an engineer.

  Not only the Bremen Army, but also the troops that were subsequently reorganized were gradually converted into engineers, those who built roads and those who dug trenches.

  Combat mission?

  Archduke Albrecht said that he was not crazy yet. He knew very well how rubbish the combat effectiveness of this temporarily reorganized motley army was.

  Not only is the morale of the army completely lost, but the training of the soldiers is seriously inadequate. What's even more troublesome is that many of the officers are children of nobles recruited temporarily.

  It is true that nobles in the German region have a tradition of joining the military, but this does not mean that all children of nobles are qualified officers.

  Not all countries have military academies, and not all aristocratic children have attended military academies. Many aristocratic children have only received family military education, and their various combat experiences and concepts are stuck in the last century.

  Sending such troops to the battlefield can only increase the enemy's record and nothing else can be expected.

  It's OK to cheat your teammates, but it's not OK to cheat your own people. Since these guys are willing to accept reorganization, it means that they recognize Austria.

  These people were the link between Austria's future rule of the North German region. In order to strengthen the connection with the local area, Archduke Albrecht could not let these noble children die in large numbers.

  ...

  At this moment, Colonel Lane, who knew nothing about it, was leading his troops to sweat over the construction of the airport.

  Looking at the large area of ​​hardened land, Colonel Lane said with great regret: "Captain Henry, it is not necessary to harden all of it. This is really a luxury."

  Concrete is not cheap these days. Hardening dozens of hectares of land at one time requires a lot of money. Sales are not a small amount either.

  Captain Henry shook his head: "We are rushing for time now. In fact, the construction of this airport is not qualified at all.

  But this is also temporary. We will make do with it first and rebuild later."

  This is a fact. The airport is not built. One dam and that's it. A temporary stop would be fine.

  "Airport, what is that? Aren't you talking about building a space for airships?"

  Colonel Lane asked doubtfully.

  It's not that he is ignorant. Not many people know about airplanes these days, and even fewer people know about airports.

  Realizing that he had made a mistake, Captain Henry replied coldly: "Colonel, you should memorize the army's confidentiality regulations and don't ask questions that you shouldn't ask."

  Captain Henry was not sure whether the "airport" was classified as confidential. Anyway, no hush order was issued from above, and Colonel Lane was not informed of the news either.

  Naturally, Captain Henry would not explain when he was confused. As for the gap in military ranks between the two sides, it doesn't matter.

  Didn’t you see that during the construction of the airport, the captain was commanding the colonel?

  In other places, this kind of thing would never happen, but in the technical field, this kind of thing is commonplace.

  Professional things are done by professionals. This is a major feature of the Austrian army. Therefore, the top person in charge of the airport construction is Captain Henry, who is experienced in construction.

  After being bored, Colonel Lane turned his head and urged the soldiers to work, ignoring the rigid engineer.

  ...

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 910: Veteran's Showdown

  "Marshal, when will the broken troops you gathered be handed over to us?"

  The German Federation, belatedly aware of the problem, still realized the problem of command authority. Admiral Adrian, who was not responsible for liaison, Came to the door in a hurry.

  Archduke Albrecht shook his head, pretending to be surprised and asked: "Transfer for what? Don't I, the coalition command, have the authority to command these troops?"

  How much power the commander-in-chief of the coalition forces has is another unsolved question in the world. fan.

  Belgium and Germany were forced to join the anti-French alliance. They had no confidence to compete with Austria for dominance, and there was no clear agreement on the authority of the coalition command.

  Power without specific agreement can theoretically be enlarged indefinitely. For example, now, Archduke Albrecht has collected the defeated troops in the name of the Allied Forces Command.

  Admiral Adrian tried hard to explain: "But Marshal..."

  Before he could finish his words, Archduke Albrecht interrupted: "No but, my Admiral.

  How dangerous is the situation on the battlefield now? Your Excellency knows everything. If we don't have unified command at this time, do you think it is possible for us to hold the Rhine River defense line?

  The troops on the front line are insufficient. I have reorganized the broken troops and are now engaged in the battle. Mobilization cannot be carried out in a short period of time.

  The transfer of command of these troops should wait until the end of the war. You can rest assured that I will not always dominate!" Don't

  worry, how can you be so relaxed?

  Admiral Adrian came to the door just because he was worried. In fact, the defeat on the front line was also an opportunity for the central government of the German Federation.

  If we seize the opportunity and take command of the armies of each country, this loose alliance will not be far away from true unification.

  We cannot blame the German generals on the front line for their slow response. Unlike the Allied Forces Command, whose powers were vaguely defined, the powers of the German Frontline Command were stipulated early on.

  Each state has independent command authority, and the German military command headquarters is composed of representatives from each state. The commander-in-chief appointed by the central government is essentially just a relationship coordinator.

  The internal relations within the command center were not straightened out, so the response was a step slower, which was natural.

  When George I decided to take the opportunity to seize power, Archduke Albrecht had already used the name of the Allied Forces Command to collect almost all the German troops who had withdrawn from the front line.

  Due to inconvenient communication, many front-line troops lost contact with the German command after the defeat on the front line.

  The officers and soldiers below do not know about the disputes at the top. Anyway, everyone knows the existence of the coalition command, and grassroots officers and soldiers are accustomed to obeying orders from their superiors.

  In panic, orders were received from the coalition command, and most people accepted the orders.

  Not only were the stragglers recruited, but the German troops who had retreated from the front line were also recruited by Archduke Albrecht in the name of the Allied Forces Command, including many Hanoverian troops.

  By this time, Archduke Albrecht had essentially taken control of most of the German troops on the front line.

  If it were not for the consideration that the subsequent battle would require the cooperation of the German Federation, Archduke Albrecht would have gone even further, for example: forcibly taking over the command of all German troops on the front line.

  Admiral Adrian argued bravely: "Marshal, if the coalition command wants to unify command authority, it can be achieved through the alliance of the three countries. There is no need to directly command the front-line troops."

  It's not that Admiral Adrian is not good at eloquence. The relationship between Germany and Austria is really too complicated. Now the German Federation has to rely on Austria to protect its own security. There are many things he cannot say.

  Other international alliances can also use different cultural customs and language barriers as excuses to demand independent command rights.

  Not so with the Anti-French Alliance. Even linguists may not be able to figure out the difference between German and Austrian. Anyway, the three languages ​​​​of Germany and Austria can be used universally, so there is no communication barrier.

  The excuse of snake oil cannot be used, and words that hurt feelings cannot be said. Admiral Adrian naturally feels uncomfortable.

  Archduke Albrecht waved his hand and softened his tone and said: "Okay, General. You and I are both soldiers, so just consider the issue from a military perspective. For political issues, let the government communicate!

  The most important thing now is The most important thing is to win this war. The first priority right now is to hold the Rhine River defense line, otherwise the hinterland of the German region will become a battlefield.

  You should understand what this means. The ambitions of the French are endless. By this time, they have already No one can survive alone."

  This is persuasion, but also a warning. Once the French army breaks through the Rhine River defense line, Austria will have nothing to lose, but the German Federation is the second Belgium, including the northern states.

  At this point, Austria still holds the command of the army, and there is nothing General Adrian can do.

  You can't incite soldiers to mutiny, right? If there is a commotion on the front line and the French seize the opportunity and tear through the Rhine defense line, they will really shoot themselves in the foot.

  Having learned from the collapse of the Luxembourg defense line, Admiral Adrian had to take warning. The German Federation could no longer afford to lose.

  ...

  The small episode that occurred in the headquarters did not affect the progress of the anti-French war.

  After occupying the Luxembourg region, the French army did not stop and continued to advance towards the German region, not far from the Rhine River defense line.

  Frankly speaking, sticking to the west bank of the Rhine is not the best choice militarily. It is far better to retreat to the east bank and rely on the natural dangers of the Rhine to build a defense line.

  However, the military needs to serve politics. Shrinking the defense line to the east coast means that the anti-French alliance has admitted its early military failure and abandoned Belgium and the Rhineland.

  Admitting defeat was impossible. The anti-French war was not only about defeating the French, but also about the attribution of European hegemony.

  Austria must show its own prestige on the battlefield, rather than making people think that it won by luck.

  There is no natural danger to rely on, and the coalition forces still have trenches. This thing was developed during the Russo-Prussian War and is now widely accepted by the European world.

  Archduke Albrecht did not dare to underestimate the French army. Trenches were dug one after another, making it clear that positional warfare would be used to consume the French army's strength.

  In order to win this war, the French government also worked hard. Napoleon IV did not hesitate to invite the veteran Marshal Patrice McMahon.

  Patrice McMahon and Archduke Albrecht are figures of the same era, both long-established veterans. This anti-French war was also the pinnacle showdown between two famous European generals.

  ...

  After staring at the map for a long time, Marshal Patrice McMahon at the French command headquarters said slowly:

  "Albrecht is famous for being good at attacking. I didn't expect that he would now use turtle tactics." , it seems that the battle ahead has had a great impact on him.

  Austria has placed its strategic focus on Africa. Now the Suez Canal has been blocked, the British are taking advantage of it, and the domestic material supply has begun to be tight.

  Next, our enemies are not only The Anti-French Alliance still has time. If the enemy's Rhine River defense line cannot be torn apart as soon as possible, then..."

  Everyone's expressions condensed, and their triumphant expressions disappeared. Everyone is smart and knows that this is the old marshal who is knocking them.

  Material shortage is certainly a problem, but this problem is more reflected in finance. Although the impact of this continental war was great, it did not affect the whole world.

  Without the Suez Canal, there is still the Cape of Good Hope. Moreover, the American routes are still open, and Austria can only intercept part of the sea.

  Even if it is more dangerous for French merchant ships to go to sea, there are ships from other neutral countries available, but the cost is just higher.

  The material shortage is only temporary and the market will adjust itself. As long as you have money these days, you don't have to worry about not being able to buy supplies.

  Before the financial collapse of France, no one had to worry about going hungry.

  "Marshal, the Austrian government chose the wrong person this time. Albrecht is best at attacking. It can be seen now that even the defense is preparing for the attack.

  But now the anti-French alliance is at a disadvantage, and there is another problem on the west bank of the Rhine. There is no danger to defend, and it is a joke to try to block us with just a few trenches.

  If the enemy withdraws his troops to the east bank and relies on the Rhine River to defend, we will really be unable to do anything to them in a short time."

  Patrice McMahon frowned: "Oudinot, you still haven't changed your arrogant habit.

  Albrecht is good at attacking. That's because he is famous for attacking, and that's why everyone thinks so. It doesn't mean that he is good at attacking. We can no longer fight a defensive battle.

  Judging from the enemy's troop deployment, this is a turtle shell. Although this turtle was injured in the front, its defensive power cannot be underestimated.

  But you are right about one thing. The troops have lost all morale and morale. Albrecht does not have enough troops in his hands. Holding on the west bank of the Rhine is a failure.

  Now we need to grab time. As long as we tear the Rhine defense line before the Austrian reinforcements arrive, the dominance of the war will fall into We have it in our hands."

  Yes, Oudinot was the guy who led the expeditionary force to conquer Mexico in the original time and space.

  It's just that his luck was much better than in history. An accident occurred midway and he was slightly injured. He was transferred back to the country to recuperate. The next one took the responsibility for the failure of the war.

  After being scolded, Oudinot was not annoyed and said without changing his expression: "Marshal, the troops are ready for battle and can launch an attack at any time.

  The morale of the officers and soldiers is high now, and everyone is still waiting to break through Vienna and capture Fran. Where are you!"

  In fact, the French army's initial battle plan was just to seize territory west of the Rhine. After tearing through the Rhine River defense line, the first phase of the French army's combat mission was completed.

  As for conquering Vienna and capturing Franz, that was just shouting slogans.

  European countries are not fools and will not watch France fight all the way to Vienna. It is estimated that the French army is still halfway to Vienna, and the British will run out of supplies.

  Unlike Austria, which is not afraid of blockade, France cannot do without the support of foreign supplies, even with North Africa.

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 911 The Beginning of the Disaster

  The roaring sound of artillery fire rang out, and the French army that had just arrived at the front line was given a lesson by the anti-French alliance's artillery.

  A shell fell from the sky and landed less than a hundred meters away from the French frontline headquarters. A wave of flying shrapnel took away three officers who came to the meeting.

  Among them was Major General Andouin Wrain, commander of the French Ninth Division, who was also the highest-ranking officer killed in the French army since the war broke out.

  After receiving this bad news, General Oudinot, who had successfully captured the enemy's commander, looked gloomy and terrifying.

  "Colonel Rick, send someone to re-investigate the enemy's artillery deployment. We must find out why the enemy's artillery shells can hit here?"

  Oudinot is also a veteran on the battlefield. The choice of the headquarters also took a lot of thought. No. It is possible to put the headquarters under the enemy's guns and die.

  Whether it was an accident or other reasons, now they are moving again. Otherwise, during the meeting, if the enemy's artillery shell falls, the French army's command system will be scrapped.

  Colonel Rick replied affirmatively: "General, there is no need to reconsider the reconnaissance. I have personally verified the previous reconnaissance results. It is impossible for the enemy to make large-scale adjustments in a short period of time.

  Judging from the sound and the power of the artillery shells, this is not the Army's Field artillery.

  This is not far from the Rhine River. The enemy should have used the navy as a mobile fort."

  The water flow of the Rhine River is not small, and small warships can already navigate. The navies of Belgium and the German Federation happen to be pocket versions.

  There was nothing to do against the French navy, so they could only hide in the port and tremble. Now that the war requires it, it is logical to transfer part of it into the Rhine River.

  Even if a large warship cannot enter, the artillery can be dismantled and used as fortress cannon. We have reached a critical moment of life and death, and no one cares whether it is wasted by selling the pot.

  The range and power of naval artillery are not comparable to those of army field artillery. In high-altitude airship reconnaissance, there is no way to distinguish so carefully, and it is normal for the range estimation to be wrong.

  General Oudinot cursed: "Damn it, give the rear power and ask them to bring the heavy artillery here quickly!

  Stop standing still, pack up your things immediately, move the headquarters one kilometer back, and don't retreat." Three kilometers."

  There was no way. The French army advanced too fast again. The heavy artillery troops could not keep up with the speed and were left behind.

  The few field guns carried by the forward troops were simply not on the same level as the firepower of the anti-French coalition forces.

  In a panic, General Oudinot withdrew his headquarters three kilometers. After making sure that he was free from the threat of enemy artillery fire, he continued the unfinished military meeting just now.

  No matter what, the battle must be fought. Even if they had ignored the enemy's naval guns before, the French were still going to attack.

  Now we need to seize time. According to the intelligence from the spies, on average, one Austrian infantry division arrives at the front line every day.

  At this rate, it won't be long before the balance of forces between the two sides is reversed.

  In the evening, the lights in the French headquarters were brightly lit. General Oudinot suppressed his grief and said: "Major General Anduin Wrynn died heroically. Now I appoint Colonel Foch to take over his job and temporarily act as the 9th Division." The position of division commander.

  The military meeting in the afternoon will continue. Now the situation on the battlefield has changed. We must consider the enemy's firepower advantage. The original combat plan is no longer appropriate."

  Change the combat plan?

  This is a joke. Except for Admiral Oudinot himself, no one else knows what the so-called combat plan is.

  In fact, Admiral Oudinot himself may not have a battle plan. The battlefield is ever-changing, and it is irresponsible to make a battle plan without knowing anything.

  Generally speaking, everyone's battle plan is formulated while fighting. What is formulated in advance is a strategic plan, not a tactical plan.

  Unfortunately, the French army's command system is not that advanced yet. The so-called strategic plan is usually created by the commander's head.

  "General, there is no need to go to such trouble. The artillery cannot suppress the enemy's firepower. We can also dispatch airship troops.

  As long as the enemy's artillery position is exposed, I will go over and bomb to see who can outlast the other."

  The suggestion was made by a soldier. A young military officer, he is a staunch supporter of the airship faction in the French army. This is the result of the Franz Butterfly Effect.

  Ever since the Austrian airships galloped across the Ottoman Empire, air superiority had been established in advance, but this idea was not yet complete.

  What everyone currently advocates is the use of airship bombing to destroy enemy positions and fortresses and create advantages for ground troops to attack.

  Oudino nodded: "It's a good suggestion. After the special ammunition for the airship troops arrives, send them out to give the enemy some color."

  War is the biggest catalyst for the advancement of military science and technology, and airships are used in the military. In the past ten years, the European continent has experienced several wars.

  Today, airship troops have become an important part of the armies of various countries. Some countries are even preparing to spin off the airship force and form a separate military service.

  Since the airship force is so important, ammunition specially used for airship bombing naturally came into being.

  ...

  On November 11, 1890, following General Oudinot's order, the French army launched a full-scale attack on the Anti-French Alliance despite the threat of artillery fire.

  The charge horn sounded, and the heroic French army fixed their bayonets and launched a charge towards the coalition positions ahead.

  500 meters, 300 meters, 200 meters... suddenly at 150 meters, fiery snakes spurted out.

  The intertwined machine gun fire caused heavy casualties to the French army as soon as it appeared. Many people fell down before they could react.

  The mechanical command system came into play at this time. The horn of charge continued, and the soldiers had no choice but to rush forward.

  Everyone is familiar with machine guns, but the French army is familiar with the heavy Gatling, not the light and flexible Maxim.

  Wrong perceptions caused French military leaders to underestimate the lethality of machine guns.

  Seeing the words "heavy casualties", General Oudinot sneered: "These guys are simply a disgrace to France.

  If possible, I would not mind sending them all to a military court. What is not good to learn, you must learn from it." Cowardly Italians, do you really think I'm a fool?

  Send the order and attack me with all your strength at all costs. Let the supervising team go to the front line to keep an eye on them. Anyone who pretends to be a corpse will have nothing to eat tonight."

  There is no way, Italy The man's reputation has spread far and wide. As the French army recruited a large number of Italians into the army, the widely circulated battlefield life-saving manual also spread among the French army.

  The purely French troops were okay, but in some of the troops mixed with Italians, many people had already developed the bad habit of being afraid of death.

  In the previous battles, General Oudinot saw with his own eyes that when a unit charged during the day, countless officers and soldiers fell heroically to the enemy's guns, and he was moved to tears for this.

  However, these same guys who died heroically were resurrected one after another when the commander ordered the troops to be withdrawn.

  Since then, Admiral Oudinot has a new understanding of the four words "heavy casualties".

  "Yes!"

  the messenger's voice sounded.

  No one knows what kind of disaster this order will bring to the French army on the front line. At this time, everyone is still thinking about tearing apart the coalition's defense line.

  ...

  It was not only the army that was in trouble. The French airship troops that had just appeared over the Austrian army also encountered the biggest enemy in their lives at this time.

  A bomb was dropped on the airship, and Hodson suddenly exclaimed: "Tom, look what kind of bird is that in front of you, and why does it look so weird?"

  Tom, who was manipulating the machine gun, was no better than him at this time. More or less, looking ahead with the same blank expression.

  After flying in the sky for a long time, they have seen a lot. They can't say everything. Anyway, they have seen most of the birds in Europe.

  The distance between the two parties was getting closer and closer, and the outline of the plane could be roughly seen clearly. A young man suddenly reacted: "It seems to be the plane mentioned in the newspaper." At

  this time, bullets were already flying. Even those who belatedly realize that this is the enemy coming.

  As a machine gunner, Tom instantly became energetic. After waiting for so long, it was finally his turn to show off his power.

  However, an embarrassing scene occurred. Compared to the big airship, the enemy's aircraft was so flexible that it was impossible for him to aim at it.

  There is no way, the French airship is equipped with a big killer weapon like Gatling. The power is enough, but the rest is a tragedy.

  Faced with Tom running up to the plane above them and holding a machine gun, he didn't know what to do.

  This headache didn't bother him for long, and it ended with the fall of the airship.

  After realizing something was wrong, panic spread among the French airship troops. Unfortunately, it was too late to run away at this time.

  Like a meteor shower, French airships continued to fall downwards. The French and Austrian officers and soldiers who witnessed this scene with their own eyes knew that an era was over.

  A new king ascends the throne and the old king comes to an end. The French airship troops sacrificed their lives to bring the end of the airship era to a bloody end.

  (End of chapter)


  The update states

  that the exam has been postponed due to the epidemic. It is currently tentatively scheduled for July 25. It is not known whether it will change later.

  There was no way, the competitors were reviewing, and Haiyue didn't dare to relax.

  I have updated it every day these days, mainly because I bought a leave request form for the half-year bonus, and I have to update it with 70,000 words this month. What a tragedy! !

  Okay, without further ado, I'm going to review.

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 912: The Turning Point in the War

  The end of the airship force happened in full view of the public. Hundreds of thousands of people saw it with their own eyes. The news naturally spread very quickly.

  In fact, there is no need to pass it on. Admiral Oudinot's headquarters is not far from the front line. The battle on the ground is blocked and cannot be seen from the headquarters, but the air battle taking place in the sky can be witnessed .

  Witnessing the end of the airship force in person, Admiral Oudinot lost his energy.

  In order to build this airship force, the French military spent a lot of money. Nearly one-tenth of the army's annual military expenditure was spent on this.

  Now he just performs a meteor shower in front of hundreds of thousands of people, and then ends with a gorgeous curtain call. Admiral Oudinot doesn't know how to explain to the country at all.

  Of course, not all French airship units were lost here, but the results of the air battle have proven to the world that the sky no longer belongs to airships.

  "General, it's meal time."

  The guard's voice sounded, bringing Oudinot back to reality from his confusion.

  "No need, I'm not hungry now."

  "Pass the order, a military meeting will be held tonight. In addition to leaving the necessary personnel on duty, all officers from the command headquarters including lieutenant colonels and above will participate." The

  airship unit is finished, but the war is still going on. continue. From now on, the sky would no longer belong to France, and Oudinot knew exactly what this meant.

  Not to mention strategic bombing, even basic intelligence on the enemy cannot be detected. From now on, the French army will only be bombed.

  ...

  The weather gradually darkened, and the afterglow of the setting sun spread to the earth, reflecting the broken arms and limbs on the ground, a ready-made horror movie set.

  The atmosphere in the French camp was particularly strange at this moment. The horn of retreat had been sounded, but very few soldiers returned.

  Such brutal battles have never happened before. But according to convention, this time should be the climax of the fake corpse resurrection, but today is an exception. There are only a few soldiers getting up from the ground.

  Colonel Fuxi, who had just taken over as the commander of the Ninth Division, already had a bad feeling in his heart, and immediately ordered: "Shout to the Austrians on the opposite side, we are going to send someone to collect the bodies.

  By the way, send someone to tell those guys who are losing their temper, if you don't You don't have to come back. The supervising team will keep records for me, and I will train these guys well later."

  Realizing the problem, Fuxi couldn't imagine that all those guys were dead. After all, criminal record is very important. After witnessing the art of pretending to be dead, the top brass of the French army are no longer sensitive to casualty figures.

  You must know that the officers and soldiers of the Ninth Division returning to the camp are only half of the total strength.

  During the attack, half of the troops were wiped out in one day. If this really happened, he, the newly appointed division commander, would be in trouble.

  Fuxi just thought it was because his subordinates were having a bad temper. After all, the Ninth Division had been having a bad year recently, and the division commander was killed before the battle even started.

  It was agreed that the attack would be launched under the cover of the airship troops, but everyone saw with their own eyes the French ace troops rushing into the street. The cover was not effective, but they were not less bombed at all.

  After all, only the French airships were destroyed. The coalition's airships and naval guns could still function normally. This psychological gap was still very shocking.

  "Yes, Colonel!"

  After saying that, the messenger hurriedly ran out.

  Collecting corpses on the battlefield is also a tradition in Europe. No matter how hard you fight to the death during the day, when it comes time to collect the corpses, no one will stop them.

  After all, there are many corpses on the battlefield. If they are not dealt with as soon as possible, it will easily lead to a plague. This is something neither party wants to see.

  Sometimes, the corpse collection teams from the two warring countries would meet and say hello, but each would take away the remains of their fallen officers and soldiers and return.

  Today was a typical offensive and defensive battle. Most of the Austrian troops were staying in the trenches. When they encountered machine gun fire for the first time, the French army didn't know how to respond. They just rushed forward blindly. The result was naturally tragic.

  The final result was that the French army was littered with corpses, and the Austrian army had very few casualties.

  Even if he died in battle, he would have died on his own battlefield and would have been dealt with long ago. So the only ones taking action now are the French corpse collection brigade.

  Not long after the corpse collection operation started, a young officer ran over: "Colonel, something big happened."

  Colonel Fuxi frowned and said very unhappy: "What's all the fuss about? Could it be that the soldiers on the front line mutinied?"

  The sound of artillery fire has stopped. It is definitely impossible for the Austrian army to launch a counterattack, so the biggest thing is that the soldiers mutinied.

  This was nothing new, and it rarely happened with a French-dominated unit like the 9th Division.

  If it were left to the Italian division, if they were asked to undertake such a main attack mission with heavy casualties, there would be more than 90% chance that they would become upset.

  The emotional instability of the Italian soldiers was also an important factor restricting the French army's combat effectiveness. Without these hindrances, the Luxembourg defense line would have been torn apart long ago.

  Insightful people in the French army have long been aware of this problem. Unfortunately, there was no other way. France had limited human resources and had to recruit Italian soldiers.

  "Colonel, go and see for yourself! I can guarantee that the situation is a hundred times, a thousand times more serious than this..."

  Obviously, the young officer realized that the news he brought was too shocking and difficult for people to believe, so he simply Let Colonel Foch go and see for himself.

  "Huh!"

  After expressing strong dissatisfaction, Colonel Fuxi walked out of the headquarters.

  At this point in time, it is already time for the corpse collection team and religious people, and safety is still guaranteed.

  Being on the front line, looking at the corpses floating on the ground, and occasionally hearing the wailing of the wounded, Fu Xi was completely stunned.

  They are all dead, and even those who are not dead are almost dead now.

  With the medical conditions of these days, if someone is injured on the battlefield for several hours without receiving any treatment, the possibility of being rescued is close to zero.

  With the number of medical staff in the Ninth Division, they are too busy just to bandage the lightly wounded soldiers who were withdrawn from the front. Who can care about these guys at the back.

  After scanning the entire audience, Fuxi returned to the headquarters in despair. The problem was indeed a thousand times worse than the mutiny, and the entire Ninth Division was crippled.

  After witnessing such a cruel scene, the surviving officers and soldiers lost all their energy and spirit.

  If the enemy attacks now, it may only take a simple charge and the Ninth Division will collapse.

  After a moment of silence, Colonel Fuxi, who had calmed down, sighed and said helplessly: "Give me the order. All officers will not need to sleep tonight. All officers will be sent to me to appease the morale of the troops and beware of camp roars."

  No need to think about it . He also knew that the camp of the Ninth Division was destined to not be peaceful tonight.

  If nothing else happens, this elite French force will not be able to go to the battlefield again for a long time in the future.

  ...

  Time passed by, and soon the casualty report came out. In fact, the statistics were simple. Colonel Foch just asked for a count of the living people in the camp.

  The rest, whether they were killed in action, missing, or captured, were all counted as killed in action.

  There was no way, too many officers and soldiers were killed, and many of them had their bodies separated. In a short period of time, it was impossible to piece it together, let alone identify the deceased.

  In order for the soldiers who died in battle to receive government pensions, Colonel Fu Xi could only be bureaucratic once.

  Looking at the shocking casualty figures, Fu Xi couldn't believe his eyes. Even though Yao had been prepared, he was still stunned.

  The Ninth Division alone set a record of 4,367 casualties and 3,816 casualties during the daytime attack.

  Yes, this is the highest casualty record for the French army in a single day since the war began.

  Despite the heavy casualties on our side, there were very few results achieved. Without even touching the enemy's position, most of the 9th Division was wiped out. Colonel Fuxi no longer knew how to describe the day's battle.

  Just when Colonel Fuxi was having a headache about how to explain it to his superiors, the guard's reputation rang out again: "Colonel, there is an order from above, asking you to attend the military meeting in the evening."

  Colonel Fuxi replied coldly: "I know. I'll be there right away! Pass the order and double the number of sentries on duty tonight to guard against enemy sneak attacks."

  ...

  General Oudinot's headquarters is not far from the Ninth Division's station, just a few kilometers away. It only takes twenty or thirty minutes to go back and forth, which can be said to be quite convenient.

  But at this moment, Colonel Fuxi hoped that the journey would be longer so that he could face it later.

  It's not just Colonel Fuxi who is also troubled. The same tragedy has happened to all the troops who participated in the attack today.

  When small tragedies come together, it becomes one big tragedy. Admiral Oudinot, who was still crying over the demise of the airship unit, was stunned by the numbers in front of him.

  "Guys, is today April Fool's Day? This joke is not funny at all."

  "Tell me, this is not true!"

  ...

  After repeatedly confirming and receiving a positive answer, Admiral Oudinot's blood surged. , passed out gorgeously.

  After a period of chaos, he was finally rescued. But for Oudinot personally, perhaps never waking up is the best ending.

  The reality is too cruel. This fierce battle on the Rhine River is a replica of the original time and space of the Somme and the Battle, and the French army played the role of the British army.

  From today on, Oudinot will leave a strong mark on human wars. In the future, military textbooks from all over the world will include him as a villain.

  In particular, his order to "attack at all costs" placed him on the pillar of historical shame.

  Butcher, executioner, fool, idiot... all kinds of dirty words will be pressed on his head by future generations.

  Oudinot woke up and said bitterly: "Everyone, please sit down. Today's battle is my personal command error and has nothing to do with you. I will take responsibility. The

  next battle will be left to you, front-line commanders." Return to the troops and strengthen their vigilance to prevent the enemy from sneaking in tonight.

  Felit, you are responsible for sorting out the situation here and reporting it to the marshal and the country. Tell them that I have failed the empire..."

  To Oudinot today The general's blow was really too great, and now he is full of "self-blame" and doesn't even bother to shirk responsibility.

  Of course, at this point, no matter how hard Admiral Oudinot shirks his responsibility, he still has to bear the blame.

  After this battle, the invincibility that the French army had finally accumulated was lost. It has become a dream to have a quick victory and tear through the Rhine defense line in a short time.

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 913 Impact

  Compared to the waiting in the French camp, the situation of the coalition forces was completely different.

  A meteor shower in the sky, a series of sudden explosions on the ground... The specific results have not yet been calculated, but the corpses of French soldiers on the ground are enough to explain many problems.

  The coalition officers and soldiers who witnessed all this with their own eyes now have only two words in their minds - "massacre".

  Whether it was an air battle in the sky or an offensive and defensive battle on the ground, it was a unilateral massacre by the Austrian army against the French army.

  The coalition officers and soldiers who were originally disorganized, had unstable morale, and were confused about the prospects of the war, now have a completely new mental outlook.

  ...General Adrian

  of the coalition command

  was eager to try: "Marshal, the French army suffered heavy losses in the day's battle. There will definitely be no peace tonight. It is a good time for us to counterattack."

  From a military point of view, this judgment is not wrong. , the heavy casualties have severely damaged the morale and morale of the French army.

  In particular, these casualties were caused by misjudgments and command errors by senior officials, which made the grassroots officers and soldiers complain against the superiors.

  "No!"

  Archduke Albrecht decisively refused.

  "Now is not the time to counterattack. The French army only suffered heavy losses in the troops that went on the offensive today. At least five divisions in Oudinot's hands did not participate in the battle.

  We have too few mobile troops in hand, and the newly reorganized troops are still resting. There is not much combat effectiveness at all.

  The troops fighting during the day are already very tired, and now no more than six infantry divisions can be put into the attack, including the three infantry divisions that were withdrawn from the Belgian front last week.

  The French are not fools, after suffering such a big loss, we will definitely strengthen our alert. With our current strength, even if we take the opportunity to launch a counterattack, it will be difficult to achieve the desired results.

  Moreover, the French Third Army is less than fifty kilometers away from the front line. Unless we can Destroy these enemies in one day."

  It is simply impossible to end the battle in one day. No matter how much advantage they took during the day, it still did not change the fact that the Austrian army was insufficient in strength, even if the troops of Germany and Belgium were added.

  Although today's battle has restored the morale of the coalition forces to some extent, except for the Austrian troops, the combat effectiveness of other armies is still recovering.

  Take the Belgian army as an example. Just a few days after losing their hometown, people are in tears. Unless they launch a campaign to regain Belgian territory, it will be difficult for them to display their peak combat effectiveness.

  Not to mention the recruited German troops, it can only be said that the command system has been barely straightened out. The officers and soldiers are in a state of running-in. It is okay to let them do odd jobs and provide logistics, but sending them out to fight the French army will completely cost them lives.

  Time is on the side of the coalition forces. Reinforcements from the rear are arriving in a steady stream. Archduke Albrecht can afford to wait.

  The enemy's airship force has been destroyed. As long as the Rhine River defense line is defended, it will be a matter of time before the French fail.

  Of course, there is another reason that cannot be said.

  If the sneak attack succeeds, the French army will suffer heavy losses and retreat directly to the mainland, and the subsequent battle will be difficult to fight.

  By fighting the French on the territory of Derby and Derby, Austria can also hold high the banner of anti-aggression and gain the support of the local people.

  If we enter a decisive battle on French soil, not to mention the pile of fortifications, international interference alone will be a big trouble.

  You must know that the international community now supports the anti-French alliance. It seems that they are just shouting slogans without any substantive actions. In fact, governments of various countries are secretly causing trouble for the French.

  With these small means alone, France will increase its expenses by hundreds of millions of francs every month. Money has been spent, but supplies may not arrive on time.

  If the situation of strength and weakness is reversed, it will be the anti-French alliance that will suffer now. At least until the end of the Egyptian campaign, the Vienna government could not ignore the positions of various countries.

  If word of the battle during the day spreads, it will definitely affect governments' judgments of the strength of the warring parties, and may even affect everyone's foreign policy.

  However, Archduke Albrecht was certain that the French would not be able to report the true situation of the day's battle, and would even try their best to cover up the failure, otherwise they would not be able to explain to the country.

  As for the news announced by the coalition forces, even if it is the truth, everyone can't help but discount it. It is impossible to believe that the casualties of the French army were so high.

  The reason is naturally the amazing results announced by both sides before. According to the enemy annihilation figures announced by both warring parties, the French have killed 3.46 million coalition troops, and the coalition forces have also killed 2.47 million French troops.

  Based on this figure, since the war broke out, the two warring parties have killed an average of 70,000 people per day, and the number of casualties on the entire battlefield has reached an astonishing 140,000 per day.

  So many people died alone. If the number of casualties is calculated by tripling the number of casualties, the total casualties of the French army would be 12.35 million; and the total casualties of the coalition forces would reach an astonishing 17.3 million.

  If such an exaggerated result had really happened, the war would have ended long ago. Anyone who believes it is a fool.

  In fact, at the beginning, the results announced by the warring parties were not that exaggerated. Even if they were artistically processed, everyone restrained themselves, at least not to the point of adding zero.

  It won't work anymore later on. For example, after a battle, the French army was going to announce that they had killed 8,000 allied troops. When they saw that the allied forces had announced that they had killed 12,000 French troops, they couldn't show weakness. Then with a stroke of a pen, they It turned into annihilating 50,000 enemies.

  Seeing that the French army announced the annihilation of 50,000 coalition forces, the coalition forces could not suffer a loss. In the blink of an eye, they found ways to increase the results by annihilating tens of thousands of enemies. No one wanted to weaken their momentum anyway.

  If the Luxembourg defense line had not been lost and most of Belgium's territory had been lost, the bullshit would have been unstoppable, and the coalition forces would not have been at a disadvantage in terms of the number of enemies they destroyed.

  Even so, the wordplay continues. And the further we go, the more outrageous the results announced, and the truth becomes further and further away from the people.

  There is nothing surprising, bragging is a common human problem. If you look through the history books, you will know that the ancients played this way thousands of years ago.

  As the battle progresses, the two warring parties have only wiped out a few million enemies. If you cross out a zero, it will be very close to the real number. It is completely incomparable with those big guys who have wiped out hundreds of millions of enemies.

  However, judging from the current results announced by both warring parties, if the war continues for a few more months, it will not be a problem at all if the number of casualties on paper exceeds a small target.

  ...

  Tonight is destined to be a sleepless night. As telegrams come out one after another, many big shots can't sleep.

  The coalition side was okay. As the victor, they received good news.

  Except for a moment of disbelief and the need to verify the news from multiple parties, the politicians are still in good mental condition.

  Some active guys have decided to have an all-night party to celebrate this hard-won victory.

  Of course, this does not include Franz. After receiving the telegram, he replied: Got it.

  Then, there is no more.

  I was mentally prepared, so this surprise was not so sudden. I naturally went to sleep when I needed to.

  There were no surprises. Franz's calm performance added to his career as emperor and left a little story for future generations.

  ...

  Compared to the tranquil Vienna Palace, the Versailles Palace is now brightly lit, and faint roars can be heard from time to time.

  There is no doubt that apart from Napoleon IV, there is no other person who dared to stay up late at night and roar in the Palace of Versailles.

  Since tearing through the Luxembourg defense line, the French army has been galloping across Central Europe, "punching old women from the German Confederation and kicking Belgian children's shoes" all the way.

  In Napoleon IV's plan, the French army should continue in this state and fight all the way to Vienna to defeat Austria.

  Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly. Just as he was about to drink from the Rhine River, he encountered a blow.

  It was difficult for Napoleon IV not to be angry. If anyone were in his position, there was no guarantee that he would perform better at this moment.

  First came the bad news that the airship troops on the front line had suffered heavy losses, announcing the end of the airship era and marking that France's investment in airships over the years had all been wasted.

  Napoleon IV was an emperor who grew up with a new education, and he could barely accept the technological upgrades.

  Isn't it just an airplane? With France's strong financial resources, it can be built in a few months.

  Anyway, the power of airplanes these days is limited. Apart from restraining airships, their role on the battlefield is not as great as that of later generations.

  Even though he lost air superiority, Napoleon IV still had full confidence in the French Army.

  In his opinion, without the assistance of the airship bombing force, the cost of winning the war is simply higher, and there is still time to push it back.

  It was a pity that the French Army, which he had high hopes for and had a long history, handed him an answer sheet with a score of only single digits.

  With more than 30,000 killed and 50,000 casualties, this was not a battle but a day's battle.

  After paying such a heavy price, the results achieved were minimal. A conservative estimate of the casualties of the Austrian army was in three digits at most.

  Most of these were caused by artillery, and a small amount were caused by airship bombing. Although the airship troops did not drop a few bombs before they rushed into the street magnificently, a huge bomb hit them when they fell.

  Of course, after the airship troops attacked the streets, while harming the coalition forces, they did not forget to visit the French camp.

  In this respect they are all equal, and where they fall depends solely on the will of God.

  As for the infantrymen who launched the attack, despite their heavy casualties, they actually just wandered around the battlefield and killed a large number of people.

  The situation was worse than the Somme and Battle of the original time and space. The British just ignored the threat of the machine gun fire network and the bureaucrats became mechanical.

  The French army didn't even know what a Maxim machine gun was, so they charged straight up. If you just don't know, it's not a big deal.

  After the frontline commanders and fighters discover the heavy casualties, they will definitely report it to the higher-ups. As long as the offensive tactics are adjusted in time, the losses will not be so great.

  It's a pity that all this does not apply to the French army. Let me tell a story.

  During the attack on Luxembourg, a French-Italian mixed infantry division was ordered to launch the main attack on the enemy's positions.

  After the battle started, the brave French soldiers launched a charge one after another. Among them, an Italian soldier formed an infantry regiment as the main body and performed particularly bravely in the battle.

  Nearly two-thirds of the 2,146 men in the regiment fell halfway through the charge. The division commander was so frightened that he immediately called a halt and replaced them to rest.

  As a result, after the troops were withdrawn in the evening, when the final headcount was taken, the regiment actually had 2,101 soldiers out of the 2,146 that should have arrived.

  For the missing platoon, the corpse collection team only found seven corpses. Whether the remaining people died in the battle or escaped, there is still no way to determine.

  Due to the large number of people involved, the French military command did not deal with the group of soldiers except to remove the officers involved and send them to a military court. They just drove them home.

  There is no doubt that such an understatement is undoubtedly a big failure. By the time the French army's top brass reacted, the situation was out of control.

  The power of examples is huge. There will never be a shortage of people who are afraid of death in this world, and almost all French troops follow suit.

  The senior French military officials who reacted naturally took measures to severely punish these guys. However, once Pandora's box is opened, it cannot be solved by closing it.

  All kinds of weird excuses were made to avoid punishment. Of course, more people still pretend to be wounded. Many people deliberately inflict minor injuries and then hide in the rear hospitals to recuperate.

  It wasn't until Marshal Patrice McMahon came out to clean up military discipline and change the original punishment model that the situation improved.

  No matter how you change it, the commander's preconceived impression will not change for a while.

  All factors came together to cause this tragedy.

  Looking at the overall battle situation, tens of thousands of casualties were simply not worth mentioning to the French Empire.

  The problem is that in order to open the gap as soon as possible, Marshal Patrice McMahon threw the main force of the French army into the front line, so the ones who suffered heavy losses now happened to be the elite French army.

  If you look specifically at the unit numbers, you will know that generally speaking, the units with smaller numbers or those at the front are standing armies. They have been established for many years, and their combat effectiveness cannot be matched by newly formed units.

  After Napoleon IV was done venting, Prime Minister Terrence Burkin stepped forward and persuaded: "Your Majesty, the matter is over.

  We should still find a way to deal with the aftermath, whether it is an enemy plane or something that just appeared. The new machine guns and mortars are worthy of our possession.

  Today's battle is not entirely the responsibility of the frontline generals. The Austrians used these new equipment to catch us by surprise, which does not mean anything. We have

  learned from this failure I believe that in the subsequent battles, our army will exert its due combat effectiveness."

  Many people in the French government, including Prime Minister Terence Bourgin, are inexplicable about today's defeat. War is not convinced.

  In their view, the Austrians simply relied on more advanced equipment to catch them off guard. As long as the French army reacted, the situation would change.

  After listening to the Prime Minister's persuasion, Napoleon IV's expression did not improve, and he immediately reprimanded the Minister of War: "What does the War Department do? We invest so much military expenditure every year, why is the equipment so far behind the Austrians?

  Don't do that. Tell me it was an accident. Whether it is airplanes or machine guns, they have been around for decades. Why don't our troops have the equipment?"

  After a series of reasons, the Minister of War lowered his head. It's a disaster, this is it.

  Innovation in armament technology has never been easy. In the original time and space, the Maxim machine gun first showed its power, and it was the British who used it to deal with the indigenous people. However, they still fell into the trap during the First World War.

  Not to mention this time, Austria hid all these belongings at home, and the outside world knew nothing about them.

  Before today, everyone thought: the Maxim machine gun was just an ordinary machine gun, not essentially different from the Gatling; the airplane was a flashy toy, useless except for flying performances.

  This is a widespread judgment from all walks of life. The Minister of War is not a time traveler. He can open it without cheating, so naturally he cannot break out of this circle of thinking.

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 914: The counterattack in the making.

  At this point in the war, France has put all its chips on the table. If it wins, it will dominate the continent, and if it loses, it will become second-rate.

  France's past domineering style has offended many people. When France was strong, no one dared to mess with it, but once it declined, it was completely different.

  Under the cover of the nest, there are completed eggs.

  Both Napoleon IV and the top leaders of the French government are tied to the fate of this country.

  At this time, taking a step back is no longer a vast sea and sky, but an abyss.

  Whether it is for themselves or for the country, they must find a way to win this war.

  In the face of life and death, face has become so cheap that it is worthless, so it is better to plagiarize!

  Since the equipment of the Austrian army is more advanced, they should imitate it. Is it possible that the great French Empire still cannot be created?

  The emperor just said a word and his legs would be broken if he ran away. Starting from the cabinet government, we work our way down one level at a time.

  Although Napoleon III has the reputation of being a socialist emperor, France is still a bourgeois country, and all military and industrial enterprises are in the hands of capitalists.

  In the past, when there was an order, everyone rushed to grab it, and the threshold of the War Department was breached. Now that the news has been sent out for a long time, no one is paying attention.

  It's not that capitalists don't want to make money, the key is that everyone is incapable of making this kind of money. There is no way, the timing is not right.

  In the past, everyone could take orders first and then slowly figure out how to do it, either through independent research and development or by purchasing technology from the outside world.

  But not now, there is no time for independent research and development; currently these technologies are unique to Austria, France and Austria are at war, and no matter how much money they spend, they will not be able to buy the technology.

  All capitalists with connections have received the news in advance and know the seriousness of the problem. We all know that at this juncture, if we take the order but fail to deliver the goods, we will get into big trouble.

  The armaments orders that were originally in demand by everyone have now become a hot potato and have simply died in the hands of the War Department, with no one paying attention.

  Of course, it's not that no one is interested, it's just that everyone's strength is limited and they can't complete the task in the short term.

  At present, many military factories have stated that as long as the Ministry of War comes out with the design drawings, they can start construction immediately.

  "How about it? How long will it take you to imitate it?"

  Army Minister Luskinia asked anxiously.

  Although the arms factories belong to the capitalists, this does not mean that the French government has left all armaments issues to the capitalists.

  The Ministry of War also maintains a group of military industry experts and even directly affiliated military factories. However, due to bureaucratic management, the production costs are too high and there is no way to expand the scale.

  Now that capitalists are afraid to take orders, this drudgery has fallen into the hands of the War Department itself. In any case, this was decided by the emperor and the government together, and the War Department had to find a way to complete it.

  An older military industry expert replied: "Your Excellency, the information in our hands is too little. We

  don't know the weapon template, design principle, performance parameters, and we don't even know the appearance structure. There is nothing, which makes us How to imitate?"

  Counterfeiting also requires reference. If there is nothing, it is not imitation, but independent research and development. Since it is independently developed, the time is naturally not fast.

  Of course, there is another research and development method, which is to design weapons according to needs, but this also takes time.

  Army Minister Luskinia said impatiently: "Don't you already have machine guns? Just improve the performance according to our machine guns.

  Airplanes are a little more troublesome, but I remember it was published in the newspaper and someone flew in Paris. Performance.

  If a few folk enthusiasts can do something, can't you also do it?

  If it doesn't work, just pay for their technology or recruit them. How can there be so much trouble! "

  It's not that the Duke of Luskinia is ignorant. Without knowing the principle of the Maxim machine gun, he thinks that the Austrian army is using an improved version of Gatling, which is not wrong.

  This is especially true for aircraft. Apart from dealing with airships smoothly, Austrian aircraft did not show amazing combat effectiveness.

  These days, everyone's understanding of aircraft is limited to flight performances, and they are not aware of the huge technological gap between aircraft.

  Simply looking at dealing with airships, most aircraft can do it. Anyway, the aircraft has the advantage of flexibility. As long as the endurance is long enough and the load capacity is two to three hundred kilograms, it is enough.

  The old man explained helplessly: "Your Excellency, from the design to the putting into use of a weapon, there are many links and it takes a lot of time. It can't be done without three to five years. Even if the situation

  on the battlefield is urgent, we can just save it." The time for weapons testing is reduced, but the time for design and industrial production cannot be compressed.

  Even in the most ideal situation, it will only take three months for us to produce a new machine gun; as for the aircraft, it can be produced within half a year. It’s God’s blessing to come out.”

  Three months, half a year, this is indeed very fast. If it could really be done in such a short period of time, it would be an absolute miracle.

  After all, it was only 1890. Even though Franz's Butterfly Effect accelerated the pace of technological development, it was mainly aimed at Austria, and France only followed passive development.

  Compared with the same period in history, France's scientific and technological level, even if its development accelerates, cannot exceed ten years before there is a qualitative gap.

  ...

  The world will not revolve around one country. No matter how the French develop new equipment, the war will continue.

  Due to political needs, the French government covered up the disastrous failure of the previous offensive. Since there was no defeat, there would be no accountability. Admiral Oudinot was lucky enough to escape the fate of a military court.

  The elimination of military courts does not mean that accountability will no longer be held. Now Oudino is still in front of the enemy, just because of the transition period of the command system adjustment.

  If such a big thing happens, the French army must be held accountable. As the person directly responsible for the incident, it was only a matter of time before Admiral Oudinot returned home to take care of his grandson.

  Since the French command received news of the failure of the attack, Marshal Patrice McMahon rushed to the front line to take charge of the overall situation.

  Looking at a group of dying officers, Patrice McMahon slammed the table and scolded: "Everyone of you, take a good look in the mirror and see if your current performance still looks like a soldier

  . I don’t know, France is going to be embarrassed by you. Especially you, Oudinot, have you forgotten the guarantee you gave me before?

  Isn’t it just a loss? You can just find an opportunity to get it back from the enemy later. . Could it be that you think you are about to retire and can

  live your life unscrupulously. I tell you, if you don’t want to live with infamy for the rest of your life, cheer up. Remember it all, the shame of failure can only be wiped out with blood and Victory will wash it away."

  In fact, the low morale of the French officers and soldiers was not just due to the heavy casualties.

  The casualties of tens of thousands of people were not something that everyone had encountered before, and it was not a cause for despair. What really made everyone feel desperate was that they were not optimistic about the prospect of the war.

  Except for the heavy losses in the first day's attack, no full-front battle broke out in the following days, but small-scale battles occurred every day.

  You wouldn't know it if you didn't fight, but once there was a fight, everyone suddenly discovered: It turns out that the Austrian army is not as corrupt and incompetent as the government propaganda said, but a tiger that descends from the mountain.

  In Linlin's fragmentary battle, the two sides achieved a record of 1.3:1. The French army's score is 1.3, which is undoubtedly a bolt from the blue for French officers who claim to be the best army in the world.

  This is not an offensive and defensive battle, but a direct collision in the wild. Everyone found helplessly that with equal strength, the French army was no longer a match for the Austrian army.

  Of course, this has something to do with the recent low morale of the French army, but the main reason is the sequelae of crazy military expansion.

  Even the so-called elite troops have at least one-fifth of them as recruits, and their combat effectiveness will inevitably decline.

  It is inconvenient to transmit information these days, and it is impossible for the French government to promote Austria on behalf of Austria. As a result, the middle and senior leaders of the military have not understood the particularities of the Austrian military service system.

  Everyone judged through brainstorming and took it for granted that they were all troops after the expansion, and there were a bunch of new recruits holding them back.

  Seeing that under the same conditions, the French army was suppressed and beaten by the Austrian army, and this was not the only case, it was the same on the front that spread hundreds of miles.

  The French commander who witnessed all this with his own eyes naturally lost confidence in this war. Of course, there is no essential difference between this misjudgment and knowing the truth.

  Anyway, facts have proven that with the same strength, the expanded French army cannot defeat the Austrian army.

  Some people may talk about equipment, but the problem is that weapons and equipment are also part of strength. This is no longer the age of chivalry. As long as the war can be won, who cares whether it is fair or not.

  In a sense, Austria's greatest allies were the Italians. They were the first to spread their pessimistic thoughts. After the front attack failed and suffered heavy casualties, it quickly spread among the French army, and began to have an impact from the bottom up.

  Marshal Patrice McMahon came in a hurry to restore the morale of the troops, but the scene before him told him that the situation was worse than he imagined.

  "Woooooooo..." the air defense siren broke the tense atmosphere at the command headquarters.

  From bombing others to being bombed every day. It only lasted a few days, and few people could bear this kind of psychological gap.

  After witnessing this scene with his own eyes, Marshal Patrice McMahon somewhat understood why everyone's morale was low.

  As the supreme commander of the French army, Patrice McMahon knew more about the situation than anyone else.

  Sometimes knowing too much is not a good thing. It’s not something that is easy to bear when everyone is drunk and I am sober alone.

  Unlike the radical guys in the country who dreamed of breaking Vienna, Patrice McMahon's battle plan was only to capture the territory west of the Rhine.

  It's not that Patrice McMahon doesn't have ambitions, it's just that he knows that the French army is not as strong as the government's propaganda says, and the enemy is not as weak as the propaganda says.

  By seizing the territory west of the Rhine, France can defend it safely. Even if Austria breaks out, he can still confidently block it.

  As for breaking Vienna, just shout slogans. Patrice McMahon is old and has long since passed his radical years.

  Admiral Oudinot said bitterly: "I'm very sorry, Marshal. I let you down! If I hadn't made a mistake in my previous command, our originally good situation would not have collapsed."

  The situation collapsed?

  The war situation is obviously not that serious yet, and the French army still holds the initiative on the Central European battlefield.

  As for the counterattack launched by the Austrian army, it is all childish. It is certain that the Austrian army will not be able to fight the French army until it gathers enough troops.

  Patrice McMahon: "Stop talking nonsense. Now I have only one request, which is to tear apart the Rhine defense line as soon as possible.

  This is your last chance. No matter what method you use, you must catch up with the enemy." Complete this order before reinforcements arrive."

  There was still one thing he had not said in his heart, that is: this is also France's last chance.

  If this opportunity is missed, it will be difficult for France to win this war.

  Even if the French army breaks out in the later stage and wins the war by luck, it will only be a victory on the surface, but the real situation is that both sides will suffer losses.

  "Marshal, the biggest problem now is the enemy's trenches. Based on the intelligence we have collected, it can be determined that the enemy has deployed at least 10,000 machine guns, thousands of heavy artillery, and more than 5,000 ordinary artillery pieces along the Rhine River.

  The enemy relied on the trenches and built a dense firepower network, and our troops could not charge forward at all.

  In order to reduce the casualties of officers and soldiers, our soldiers could only charge while crawling. Even if they were lucky enough to rush to the enemy's position, they would still have to face the iron net. To block it.

  If we want to tear through the Rhine River defense line, the best way is to choose a strategic point to attack, concentrate our artillery to launch a sneak attack, and suppress the enemy's firepower in this area at the first time..."

  The methods are all people want to pass on. Yes, although there is no such thing as crawling, charging while crawling is essentially the same as crawling.

  Concentrating firepower and bombing to gain regional firepower advantage is also the most suitable for the French army at the moment. From this aspect, General Oudinot is still qualified.

  Patrice McMahon nodded: "Very good, I have approved your battle plan. Oudinot, I will give you one last chance. I don't want to hear any more bad news."

  Frankly speaking , Patrice McMahon did not want Oudinot to continue commanding the troops. But there is no way. There are only a handful of officers in the French army who are capable of commanding hundreds of thousands of troops in combat.

  Among these people, Oudinot's ability also ranks high. If not for the previous mistakes, another name would have risen.

  　Recommended book: "Return to the Ming Dynasty to Be an Overlord" Using a pistol and a sniper, he killed corrupt officials, exterminated landlords, and massacred established slaves. In this era when heroes are rising together, Zhan Yun vows to be an uncompromising overlord in the late Ming Dynasty. He is passionate, Relax to Shuangwen.

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 915 Strategic Highway

  A counterattack also takes time to prepare. Troops with heavy casualties need to be replaced and rest, and strategic materials also need time to be collected and transported.

  Facts have long proved that modern warfare is no longer a simple battle on the battlefield, and fighting is also taking place on the rear.

  The Battle of the Rhine that had just begun is an example. If Austria had not assembled a large number of machine guns and artillery, it would not have been able to withstand the French attack with a disadvantaged force.

  The greater the firepower, the greater the logistical requirements. More than 80% of the trains and ships sent from Austria to the front line transport strategic materials.

  Had it not been for the large amount of transportation capacity occupied by transporting logistics supplies, the Austrian army would not have been able to move so slowly.

  Of course, the slowness of the present is mainly for the rapidity of the future.

  In fact, a few years ago, the Vienna government proposed to the German Federation: build a strategic highway from Bavaria to Luxembourg.

  However, the situation in Europe was still very peaceful at that time, and everyone did not have enough awareness of the crisis. Because of the cost, there was no agreement.

  After all, the transportation in the German region is already developed enough. River transportation + railway can fully meet daily transportation needs. The economic value of building another road is too low.

  In addition, Britain and France were worried that Austria would pass this road and further deepen its influence on the West German region, causing stumbling blocks behind the scenes, so the plan was shelved.

  It was not until the outbreak of the European War that the logistics and transportation pressure on the front line intensified that the governments along the route were forced to restart strategic highway plans.

  In order to save time, governments decided to widen and reconnect the existing roads.

  The time is too short. It is simply impossible to complete this plan in a short time just relying on the power of the German Federation. Even if we only build temporary roads, it will not be enough.

  As a good ally, Austria will naturally lend a helping hand. So far, the number of Austrian workers entering the German region has exceeded 600,000, which is more than the Austrian soldiers on the Rhine front.

  Management of such a large construction team is naturally a difficult problem.

  Fortunately, Austria adopts an all-military service system. Even if these civilian men have not entered the army, they have been trained in the reserve service and can adapt in the shortest time.

  The inconspicuous town of Vis was chosen to become the new main road because of its geographical location.

  The person responsible for the construction of this section is the 3rd Battalion of the 4th Regiment of the 3rd Austrian Engineer Division. Engineer Iverson, who is the technical leader, is currently surveying the scene with a telescope.

  It was said to be prospecting, but in fact Iverson only brought paper and pen, plus a pair of binoculars. There are no measuring or exploration instruments.

  It's not that he was derelict in his duties or lazy, it was mainly because he was trying to meet the deadline and didn't waste too much time on preliminary work.

  The exploration, analysis, and research in the past have all been omitted now. "Looking with the naked eye + experience = road map."

  After determining the general direction, just move forward. Except for special areas that must be avoided due to geographical conditions, you can just go through A directly.

  This is road construction, not precision work. Even if there is an error, as long as the deviation is not too extreme, it is acceptable.

  "It's a pity that such a good manor will be split into two soon!"

  Along the way, Iverson had made similar exclamations countless times. There is no other way, now he is working as a demolition worker.

  The flat terrain of the manor not only facilitates agricultural production, but also facilitates road construction. All it takes is to level the land slightly and compact it with concrete.

  Geological conditions, soil type, bearing capacity, the basic parameters of construction in the past have become redundant now.

  When building roads in plain areas, even if the pressure is too great in the later stage and the roadbed subsides, it will not sink anywhere.

  Regarding the issue of road quality, that is completely overthinking. Now everything is about rushing for time. As long as the danger is within control, nothing else matters.

  At worst, it will be rebuilt after the war, as long as it can be used temporarily to meet the logistics and transportation needs.

  Moreover, these days, the load capacity of vehicles is limited. Those that can pull dozens of tons of cargo at a time are heavy trucks, and the requirements for road carrying capacity are not high. .

  "Lieutenant, there is someone outside looking for you. They say they have something urgent to discuss with you."

  A guard on duty ran over to inform him.

  Since it is a military management, military ranks are naturally indispensable. Although he was just an ordinary engineer who had just been recruited, Iverson still relied on his skills to become a grassroots officer.

  Putting down the telescope in front of him, Iverson asked slowly: "I understand. First, ask the person who came to see me why they came to see me.

  If you can't tell me the specific matter, or the reason is too far-fetched or the request is too excessive, just ask They were all sent to me."

  It can be seen that Lieutenant Iverson is already experienced in dealing with this. Even if you don't see anyone, you still know why they are there.

  "Demolition" naturally involves interests. There are no demolition fees these days. Even if the land is privately owned, what should be occupied must still be occupied.

  At most, they can only give some symbolic compensation, which cannot be much higher than the land price on the market anyway.

  If there is a large-scale land expropriation, the land owner may not lose money with this kind of compensation. The problem is that now it only compensates for the land occupied by the highway.

  However, the loss of profits caused by highway construction is not limited to the land occupied. Many estates were cut down the middle by roads and instantly became useless.

  I'm trying to reason, but I'm sorry this is war time. Everything must be compromised for the war, and all issues must wait until after the war.

  Not everyone has a big-picture view, and not everyone is willing to contribute. In order to reduce or transfer losses, there are naturally many people who build relationships.

  The people who can come to him are not ordinary people. In order to build a good relationship with local powerful players, Iverson also attended many banquets at the beginning.

  But he soon gave up. The land annexation situation in the German region was already very serious. No matter how the road was located, it would inevitably harm the interests of some people.

  After all, this is a strategic highway, and the area occupied is naturally huge. Compared with the original two or three meters wide road, now it has increased five to six times. These all occupy land.

  If you want to get rich, you must first build roads. This does not apply in Germany. The local economy is already good, and the existing roads are sufficient to meet daily transportation needs.

  The strategic highway being built now has actually seriously harmed the interests of land owners.

  Just like the manor in front of you, once it is divided into two parts by a road, not only will its area be reduced, but its management costs will also increase significantly, and its value will naturally plummet.

  Before the Luxembourg defense line collapsed, Lieutenant Iverson would consider whether to sell the land owner a favor and find a way to detour from the edge area.

  Now it’s no longer possible. The boss has been giving orders to push the progress forward, and it’s natural that the progress will be made as quickly as possible. As for follow-up issues, that is a matter for the state government itself.

  ...

  "Lieutenant, this is the wine I brought, for..."

  Before the old man could finish speaking, Iverson interrupted: "I'm sorry, Mr. Will, you should know that the Luxembourg defense line has been lost, and now the Rhine River defense line has also been lost. It is in danger.

  For the sake of the overall strategic situation, the superiors have ordered that most of the road sections be connected in two months, and we have no time."

  The Rhine River defense line is naturally not in danger, but when it comes to demolition, it must be in danger.

  If they don't feel the pressure, who can guarantee that the owners of these lands will not be greedy for profit and deliberately prevent the construction of roads.

  The old man replied bitterly: "Lieutenant, I understand all these principles. Once the French break through the Rhine River defense line, this place will become a battlefield, and no one will be able to survive alone.

  But this is a vineyard, and once the road passes through the middle, it will inevitably It will affect the quality of the grapes.

  If you take a detour, the total distance will be less than one kilometer. The terrain here is flat, so it won’t take long!”

  The road passing through the middle of the vineyard will affect the quality of the grapes, which is bound to happen. of. Not to mention anything else, the noise from traffic and the dust flying on the road will affect the growth of nearby grapes.

  Grapes are not easy to preserve. These days, vineyards mainly sell raisins and wine. If they are only entering the low-end market, it doesn’t matter if the quality of the grapes is a little lower.

  If you want to enter the mid-to-high-end market, anything that may affect the quality of grapes will be fatal for vineyard owners.

  Iverson shook his head: "Sir, I'm very sorry. I really can't help you with this. I personally suggest that you negotiate with the local government as soon as possible on the compensation issue to minimize the loss. Maybe in your opinion, it's

  better to take a few detours. Passing 100 meters through the land next to it can minimize economic losses and will not increase the workload.

  But don’t forget that the land next to it also has an owner. The owner of the land definitely doesn’t want something like this to happen to him. .

  If the owner of the land complains to the troops, this kind of behavior is obviously malicious occupation and targeting, I will go to a military court."

  Austria is preparing to unify the German region, so naturally it cannot act indiscriminately. Everyone can understand that land is required to build strategic highways, but the premise is that it must be as fair as possible.

  Even if a detour is required, it can only be possible if the land owner coordinates it first and everyone has no objections.

  The old man nodded helplessly: "I'm sorry for embarrassing you. The road cannot be rerouted, so move to the side and pass by the edge of the manor.

  Don't worry about the increased workload. I will organize my own people to help. It will not affect According to the construction progress."

  "It's just a slight deviation. It does not involve land disputes and does not affect the construction progress. I think there will be no problem!"

  Lieutenant Iverson did not deliberately make things difficult. He was still happy as long as it did not affect the mission. Selling a favor.

  The local officials responsible for coordinating communication also breathed a sigh of relief. Similar things have happened countless times. Any problem that can be solved without conflict is considered a happy ending.

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 916: Crisis

  in Egypt While the Central European battlefield has reached a stalemate, the Egyptian battlefield has also reached a critical moment.

  Since the Austrian army put down its political burden, the canal's natural barriers have changed from a natural chasm to a thoroughfare, and it is no longer an obstacle to the Austrian army's progress.

  After the close combat, the French army's problems gradually came to light.

  There is no way, France's manpower is limited, and it is impossible to invest unlimited power in Egypt. If the number of main troops is insufficient, the colonial army can only be used to make up the number.

  Although they all look similar, their combat abilities are completely different.

  It had only been a few years since the Egyptian rebellion, and French rule was not that secure. Seeing the dog-eat-dog fight between France and Austria, the Egyptian people really have no interest in getting involved.

  If it weren't for the gun pressed to the back of the neck, the Egyptians would never be willing to go to the battlefield and be used as cannon fodder.

  In the Governor's Palace in Cairo, Governor Jacob stared at the map solemnly. From the brightly colored small arrows, it can be seen that the current strategic situation of the French army is very unoptimistic.

  If it weren't for the French navy's power to defend Egypt's coastline, it would really be surrounded by enemies now.

  We are not surrounded, and we are not far away from being surrounded. Being besieged by enemies on three sides, the Egyptian colonial government alone would certainly not be able to sustain it.

  After a while, Governor Jacob turned around and asked, "When will domestic reinforcements arrive?"

  If they couldn't win, they would naturally have to ask for domestic help. Anyway, France was completely defeated in the entire African battlefield, and Egypt It would not be a shame for the colonial government to follow suit and ask for help.

  "Your Majesty the Governor, the Ministry of War rejected our request for help and ordered us to use the fine traditions of the French army and overcome difficulties..."

  Before the middle-aged officer could finish speaking, Governor Jacob threw away the documents on the desk in front of him. Roared: "That's enough, no need to continue."

  "Damn bureaucrats, must have broken their brains on a woman's belly, and even forgot the most basic military common sense.

  What does Egypt mean to France? Three Children as old as 20 years old know this. Once the Austrians occupy Egypt, they will clean their necks and wait to be slaughtered!

  ..."

  Looking at the Eurasian map, you will know that Egypt not only has the most important golden canal in the world, but also The final obstacle to the connection between Austrian Africa and the mainland.

  Once the Jean-Egyptian region fell into Austrian hands, a behemoth emerged that far surpassed any other empire in history.

  France will be in danger by then. With its strong manpower and material resources, Austria can kill any enemy.

  Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge would know such an obvious problem, and it is natural that the Ministry of War would not be aware of it.

  The problem is that knowing the problem does not mean being able to solve the problem. The best way is of course to send troops to reinforce Egypt, but reinforcements are not child's play.

  The enemy is Austria, not the indigenous tribes, and simply increasing troops has no meaning. While increasing the number of troops, we must also ensure the firepower of the troops, otherwise we will end up losing our lives even though we are thousands of miles away.

  The more powerful the firepower, the greater the consumption of materials. France has invested more than two million troops in the Central European battlefield and more than 1.5 million troops on the southern front. At the same time, it also has to provide logistics for millions of African colonial troops, including Egypt.

  This kind of logistical pressure is already a replica of the original Space-Time War. Even though France is much larger than the original time and space, and can mobilize more manpower and material resources, the Allied wet nurses are not in place!

  The only British ally did not sell kidneys to help France like in the original time and space. Now I am still leisurely drinking coffee at home and watching a big drama called Europa Universalis.

  Of course, taking advantage of the situation to make war profits is also an essential operation. From the outbreak of the war to the present, the tariffs between Britain and France have increased by 57%, and the export of strategic materials has doubled.

  Not buying?

  It doesn't matter!

  After exiting this door, my shop is all behind.

  It's up to you to decide. Anyway, there are only a few industrial powers these days, and what they do is monopolize business.

  As the war progresses, the French government is enduring a series of problems such as purchasing supplies at high prices and substandard quality and delayed transactions.

  If the war continues, it will not be the battlefield that can lead to France's defeat, but finance and logistics.

  In order to break the Rhine River defense line as soon as possible, the Paris government has just decided to increase the number of troops on the front line. The reinforcements originally planned to be deployed in the Egyptian area naturally came to nothing.

  Seeing that Governor Jacob had finished venting, the middle-aged officer added: "Your Majesty the Governor, the country has decided to shrink the colonies in Africa. We are preparing to temporarily abandon Niger, Mali, Senegal, Mauritania and other regions. After

  shrinking the colonies, the troops in these areas will We will retreat to the Algerian area and hold on. The Ministry of War said that if we need it, we can send twenty infantry divisions to come over for reinforcements." Governor

  Jacob was very aware of the situation in Africa. The so-called temporary abandonment was actually just a fig leaf.

  Most of these areas bordered Austrian Africa. They were severely beaten by the Austrian army as soon as the war broke out. The scene was miserable.

  Even if the defense line is not tightened, it is only a matter of time before it falls. The Paris government cannot even take care of Egypt, so it is naturally impossible to build a defense line stretching thousands of miles for North Africa.

  The colonial empire was collapsing, and for colonists like Governor Jacob, it was completely heartbreaking.

  Of course, this is barely good news for Egypt. Regardless of the combat effectiveness of these reinforcements, it at least proves that the country has not given up on them.

  Although this result did not satisfy Governor Jacob, when there was no choice, it was better to have reinforcements than no reinforcements.

  "Tell the War Department that what we are facing is the Austrian regular army, not some colonial cannon fodder.

  If we want to block the enemy's front, all reinforcements must be French troops. The indigenous troops should not be sent over to waste food."

  The war broke out . Later, in order to preserve the colonial empire, the French government also sent reinforcements to the colonies.

  The backbone of the armed forces in the colonies now is based on the troops sent from the country as seeds, plus the army composed of local French.

  The combat effectiveness is N levels higher than that of the native troops. Due to insufficient training and backward weapons and equipment, it is also one or two points weaker than the native troops, but it is still barely usable.

  Before the middle-aged officer could speak, he suddenly remembered the sound of "woo woo woo...", followed closely by the sound of "boom, boom...".

  This is Cairo, hundreds of kilometers away from the front line, and it is impossible for artillery shells to hit that far.

  Suddenly there was an explosion in his ears. Governor Jacob immediately realized something was wrong and hurriedly ordered: "Send the order and have the airship troops take off immediately to intercept the enemy's airship. The air defense troops are responsible for cooperating." The

  air defense troops of these days, In fact, it is only responsible for dealing with, or driving away, low-flying airships. To deal with high-altitude airships, we still have to use airships.

  Of course, after the air battle over the Rhine, these experiences were in the past.

  I don’t know whether it was for confidentiality, bureaucratic malfeasance, or because they thought it was unnecessary. In short, these changes in military concepts were not conveyed to Governor Jacob at the first time.

  With the issuance of this order, the scene that originally took place on the banks of the Rhine appeared again in the sky above Cairo, but on a much smaller scale.

  In a sense, Governor Jacob's order was also correct. The airship force was finished, which also reduced the logistical pressure on the Cairo defenders.

  After all, ever since the advent of aircraft, airship units without fighter escort have been living targets when they take off.

  Leaving it on the ground is a waste of resources. You must know that the maintenance of airships is also very expensive. The maintenance cost of an airship is as much as that of a destroyer.

  France may be able to build aircraft, but it is a dream to build fighter jets in a short period of time.

  ...

  After the sound of "da da da...", the airbag of a French airship was broken and it quickly began to fall.

  After adding a special bomb and confirming that the enemy was finished, the excited Second Lieutenant Wade gave up.

  Looking around, the French airships were all falling, exploding, and those that had not yet fallen were also targeted by their comrades.

  Planes are killing airships, and they don't need help at all. At this time, Second Lieutenant Wade couldn't do it yet when he tried to steal his colleagues' military exploits.

  "It seems that today's harvest is about to end here. I really envy the guys assigned to the Central European battlefield. I heard that in the air battle on the Rhine River, someone set a record of three consecutive kills. That's not the case here.

  There are too many monks and too little food. The damn French, who are also known as the most powerful country in Europe, don’t know how many more ships they have equipped. It’s simply not enough for everyone.” The

  young man piloting the plane on the side couldn’t help it, and said jokingly: “Okay, brave Second Lieutenant Wade. , I know you are the bravest warrior.

  It is so tasteless to kill the enemy's airship like this, and it is not worthy of your status at all. Only an

  evenly matched battle can highlight your bravery. For example, go down and capture the French army now. Commander Jacob has created another miracle in military history.

  Don't worry, I brought the parachute for you. If you are willing, I don't mind opening the hatch again." The

  angry Second Lieutenant Wade snapped: "Stop. Mouth, Adolf! This joke is not funny at all. I have explained it many times. What you say while drunk cannot be taken seriously."

  There is no doubt that this is the dark history of Second Lieutenant Wade.

  Theoretically speaking, it is still possible to fall into the enemy's headquarters if it suddenly falls from the sky. If the enemy is mentally retarded enough, he might actually be able to capture the enemy's commander-in-chief.

  The lucky American pilot in the original time and space successfully captured an Italian army after landing at the wrong place.

  However, similar cases have always been miracles in military history. Although there are Italians among the French soldiers below, most of them are French.

  Second Lieutenant Wade was also drunk, so he came up with such a crazy plan. Now that he is awake, he will naturally not seek death.

  Adolf smiled slightly: "Okay, this is my fault, let's stop joking for now. Our mission has been completed, so it's okay to be idle like this. How about

  I lower the flight altitude slightly, and you can shoot with the machine gun. Look. Let's see if there are any unexpected gains?"

  Austria has been engaged in aircraft research and development for many years, but the combat experience of the Air Force is still approximately zero.

  On this issue, cheating Franz can't help. To grow an army, it requires a lot of experience.

  Franz's knowledge of the Air Force was very limited, and most of it came from jokes he had read on the Internet. If he really wanted to use it as an Air Force training manual, it would be no different than committing suicide.

  "Are you kidding?"

  Wade asked in disbelief. His facial expression had revealed his inner surprise, as if to say that Adolf's proposal had refreshed his knowledge.

  "Of course!"

  Adolf replied affirmatively. After a pause, he explained: "The fact that the enemy dared to let the airship take off proves that the battle on the Rhine River has not been passed on.

  Since the enemy has never encountered an airplane, naturally there will be no means of targeting it. Use the means to deal with the airship. It is not qualified to deal with us.

  Try it at an altitude of 500 meters. If there is danger, I will fly away immediately. Anyway, the enemy's reaction speed cannot keep up with us.

  If we are lucky enough to catch a few big fish, we will make a profit. "

  ...

  (End of this chapter)


  Chapter 917 Civilian Casualties

  Three days later, a "Report on Low-altitude Dive Machine Gun Fire" appeared in front of Governor Feslav.

  Recording what happened on the battlefield and summarizing the gains and losses is a fine tradition of the Austrian army, and it is also a unique feature of the Austrian army in this era.

  Recording the course of war may seem simple, but not everyone can accomplish it. This is impossible for countries that have not at least completed compulsory education.

  The benefits of doing this are self-evident. Perhaps most of the recorded combat experience is repetitive nonsense, but as long as one thousandth of the content is valuable, it is all earned.

  Especially when it comes to the use of new weapons and equipment and the exploration of new tactics, this information is particularly important.

  Therefore, in the Army, only officers write reports, but in the newly launched Air Force, everyone has to write reports.

  Low-altitude dive bombing and low-altitude dive machine gun fire are not new terms. Someone had proposed similar concepts more than ten years ago.

  Don't get me wrong, this has nothing to do with the great His Majesty Franz. It is true that Franz is a military novice, but he also knows that although the military concepts of later generations are good, they are also based on specific conditions.

  Take dive bombing as an example. It's not just about flying at low altitudes and dropping bombs. Not all aircraft have the ability to fly at low altitudes and dive.

  Even if the performance of the aircraft is satisfactory, the specific low-altitude flying method needs to be explored in actual combat.

  While being able to achieve results, we must also ensure the safety of personnel and aircraft as much as possible, otherwise it will be a replica of the Kamikaze Brigade.

  Therefore, the great strategic concept of using airships to perform low-altitude dive carpet bombing was not Franz's masterpiece.

  The emergence of this concept in the Austrian army is not aimless, but is supported by practical cases.

  As soon as airships were put into military use, the Austrian airship troops tried it on the Ottomans and achieved remarkable results.

  At that time, this strategic concept also became the mainstream of the world and was recommended by many military celebrities.

  However, with the emergence of anti-aircraft weapons, everyone discovered that low-flying airships were a living target, and this theory was quickly shelved.

  The fact that airships are not applicable does not mean that aircraft are not applicable. At least at this stage, the anti-aircraft weapons of various countries pose little threat to aircraft. In theory, low-altitude dives have become feasible.

  Because the aircraft's carrying capacity was insufficient, strategic dive bombing turned into machine gun fire, which weakened the force by more than one margin.

  With the airship failure in mind, Admiral Fislav did not rush to make a decision, but fell into deep thought.

  Whether this is an isolated case or a military concept with long-term development and application prospects remains a mystery so far.

  Seeing that Feislav could not make up his mind, Air Force Major General Andrew McCarthy on the side added another fire.

  "Your Excellency, Commander, regardless of whether there is any development prospect for dive strafing, it is only effective in a short period of time.

  We have conducted many drills. The existing anti-aircraft weapons pose a very small threat to aircraft, and dive strafing is easy." Achieve results.

  Even if the French discover the weaknesses of this tactic, it will take time to find a way to deal with it. Before that, it will not affect our promotion of this tactic."

  Major General Andrew was so active, but he was essentially forced from. Compared with the army and navy, the air force is a little brother.

  If the Air Force is strong enough, this kind of tactical promotion does not require the cooperation of other arms, and there is no need to report to the theater commander at all, and it can be done by itself.

  Soldiers still have to rely on their performance to speak for themselves. The Austrian Air Force has been established for too short a period of time and has no record of success at all. Naturally, it is not strong enough to speak on its back.

  If it weren't for Franz's support, they would still be an army flying force and would not have the ability to form an independent army.

  Against this background, everyone in the Air Force is holding their breath and eager to prove their worth on the battlefield.

  Therefore, the Air Force has always been the most active in promoting new tactics. Otherwise, it would be impossible to verify its feasibility immediately after receiving a battlefield report.

  After pondering for a moment, Feslav nodded: "Theoretically it is indeed feasible, but more practical cases are needed to support it before it can be promoted to the entire army.

  In the following days, I allow your Air Force to go out on your own to verify, Or to improve this set of tactics."

  The development of military technology has never been smooth sailing. A big country like Austria has enough capital to pay for the development of military technology. The promotion of any new tactics is a pile of countless failures.

  This is also the reason why many weapons and equipment and tactical concepts have been unable to be adopted after their birth. Without the support of practical results, everyone has no idea!

  ...

  After receiving the support of the theater commander, the Austrian Air Force stationed in the Sinai Peninsula took immediate action.

  The Egyptian region became "busy". Not only positions and fortresses became the hardest hit areas for bombing, but the streets, alleys, and fields also became the hunting grounds of the Austrian Air Force.

  In order to collect more actual combat data, the Air Force did not care about the cost and had to try it no matter where it was.

  As for the consequences, this was not within the scope of Major General Andrew's consideration. Anyway, the bullets were all hitting the enemy's territory. It was just a matter of the size of the victory.

  ...

  Since the airship force was finished, the sky above Cairo has become the territory of the Austrian Air Force. Every day, a combination of airships and planes come to check in from time to time.

  For the sake of his own life, Governor Jacob had to move the headquarters into the basement. In fact, he originally wanted to find a safer shell-proof hole.

  It is a pity that Cairo is located in the heart of Egypt. The French have never considered the threat from foreign enemies. The most recent military threat was the last rebel siege of the city.

  The ragtag indigenous rebels only had a few cannons at most, and the shells could not reach the Governor's Palace at all. There is no need for artillery protection, so naturally there is no anti-artillery hole.

  After the Franco-Austrian War broke out, Governor Jacob only considered the issue of the canal defense line, and never thought that he would face threats from the sky.

  When the crisis comes, it will naturally be too late to dig now. After all, a bombproof cave that can accommodate the French military headquarters is not just a large cave dwelling.

  "Your Majesty the Governor, the enemy's air force is too rampant. It simply doesn't take France into account. We must fight back."

  Naturally, those who can say such things are not French soldiers. Any officer present knew that it was not that they did not want to fight back, but that they simply did not have the ability to fight back.

  Looking at the angry middle-aged man, Governor Jacob frowned. After being silent for a long time, he slowly said: "Senior Abraham, please read the battle report, or pay attention to the current domestic news.

  Don't Speaking of our side, not even the domestic air force can do anything about the Austrian air force. Paris was also attacked by enemy air raids just a week ago."

  Upon hearing the news that Paris was attacked by air raids, the expressions of everyone present changed drastically. Apparently everyone was also the first to do so. I received this news once.

  Seeing everyone's expressions, Jacob knew there was something wrong with his concept. Before the war broke out, news of what happened in Paris could reach Egypt in just a few hours.

  The telegraph business in France is run by capitalists. The first thing to consider is how to maximize profits, and any strategic or non-strategic decisions should be put aside.

  In this context, it was naturally impossible to lay a special submarine cable for telegraphing from mainland France to Egypt.

  Instead, it took a land cable channel through Algeria, passing through Austrian Africa along the way, and still cooperated with the Austrian Telegraph Company.

  This is also in line with international practice. The telegraph was able to be promoted to most parts of the world within decades because of regional cooperation.

  If they all do it alone, no telegraph company will have the ability to connect the world.

  The European War broke out too suddenly. It only took a few months to brew before it suddenly started. The French government was momentarily confused, not to mention the telegraph company.

  The economy also had to make concessions to politics. After the outbreak of the war, the Austrian Telegraph Company, which they had originally cooperated with, naturally suspended the business of providing them with information transmission.

  The current connection between Egypt and the mainland mainly relies on warships traveling between the two places to transmit information. Even the most well-informed people in the past now have difficulty receiving news from the country.

  After a pause, the senior official Abraham reacted and said in shock: "Your Majesty the Governor, are you sure you are not joking?"

  Paris has a very sacred status in the hearts of the French these days. The news of the attack on Paris was too appalling. It was not comparable to the bombings in Cairo every day.

  Jacob nodded cautiously: "Do you think I would joke about this if it had not happened?" "

  However, the matter is not as serious as you think. The enemy just passed by in Paris and did not give any warning. We caused too much damage.

  I think everyone has discovered that the enemy's air force is not that terrible. In addition to its seemingly huge power, the actual losses caused by the bombing are not great.

  The country is already preparing to produce aircraft. As long as we persist in this After a while, the enemy's advantage ceased to exist.

  Now we..."

  The bombing was terrible, but not terrible. Although the French air defense force is rubbish, they still have it. With their backward air defense weapons, they still prevent Austrian airships from flying at low altitudes.

  Throwing bombs from an altitude of several thousand meters, the hit rate is as impressive as winning the lottery.

  In terms of pure lethality, the casualties caused by dive-strike aircraft to the French army from time to time were more efficient than airship bombing.

  Senior officer Abraham interrupted: "Your Majesty the Governor, I would like to correct you here. The losses caused to us by the enemy's air force are not small.

  Starting from the enemy's bombing, the factories, shops, and entertainment venues in Cairo have been unable to operate normally.

  The people have fallen into panic, and those who have a little bit of money are running out of town. According to incomplete statistics, nearly 15,000 people have left Cairo in the past week. Not only

  Cairo's economy has been hit hard, but also other areas of Egypt We also suffered varying degrees of losses, especially the shocking casualties.

  After analyzing the news from various places, it is initially estimated that the number of civilian casualties caused by the enemy air force attack has exceeded five digits."

  There is no way, get it right. No matter how bad the bombing is, as long as the bomb is dropped, it will always have an effect.

  The area where the troops can move is limited, and they know how to survive the enemy's bombing. Apart from the initial discomfort, the casualties of the troops behind them are not too great.

  It's different for civilians. When encountering enemy bombing these days, everyone's first reaction is to run. Few people have air defense awareness.

  As they ran around in chaos, the number of casualties naturally increased. Especially after the Austrian aircraft began to straf at low altitudes, the situation became more serious.

  Slapping the table fiercely, Governor Jacob said with hatred: "The Austrians are really despicable, how can the war involve civilians!

  Senior Officer Abraham, you are responsible for collecting relevant information, and we must expose their atrocities to the international community. "

  After receiving this answer, everyone fell silent again. Diplomatic protests these days are the last stand of the weak, and the great powers prefer direct threats.

  Naturally, no one has high expectations for Jacob's proposal to use the international community to exert political pressure.

  There is no way, in this era of chaos, there is a dark history behind any colonial empire. If it were to be revealed, no one would have a better time.

  In contrast, civilian casualties caused by war are nothing at all. Especially since the battle took place in Africa, its influence on the European world was even smaller.

  ...

  　Happy Dragon Boat Festival! !

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 918: France needs allies.

  Jacob's diplomatic protest was actually just an angry word. Asking for help from the international community, France cannot afford to lose this person.

  Unable to win on the battlefield, relying on the international community to intervene is the behavior of a weak person and is inconsistent with France's status as a great power.

  Of course, the most important thing is that protesting is useless. Four referees on the European continent started fighting each other. We can't expect a bunch of small countries acting as cheerleaders to interfere, right?

  Since it is a war, there will inevitably be casualties. The civilian casualties in France were high, and the civilian casualties on the side of the anti-French alliance were also insignificant.

  Especially in the occupied Belgium and Rhineland regions, although there are no specific statistics, it can still be determined that the number of civilian casualties exceeds five digits.

  This is the peak period of the colonial empire, and it is also the peak period of racial discrimination. Not all ethnic groups have human rights.

  It would be okay if this lid is not lifted, but if it is, the final outcome will be "a thousand losses to oneself and three hundred to the enemy."

  If the operation is not done well, and European countries mistakenly think that France is in trouble, and one by one rush to hug Austria's lap, then there will be big trouble.

  The current anti-French alliance is already difficult enough to deal with. If the Austrians are allowed to fool a few more allies, there will be no need to fight the subsequent battles.

  In fact, the biggest threat posed by the Austrian Air Force to the French army was not direct casualties on the battlefield.

  Whether it is airship bombing or aircraft strafing, the outcome depends on luck.

  When you are lucky, a wave of air strikes can kill thousands of people; when you are unlucky, the results are not enough for gas money.

  Compared with the direct results achieved by the Austrian Air Force on the battlefield, Governor Jacob was more worried about the impact on military morale.

  After a series of blows, the French army's pride was gradually worn away, and more and more people lost confidence in the next war.

  Good fortune never comes alone, but misfortune never comes alone, just when Governor Jacob was worried about the Austrian Air Force.

  A burly young officer ran in from outside and said breathlessly: "Governor...Your Excellency, something big...is bad!"

  Governor Jacob's heart tightened. Just by looking at the young officer's nervous expression, he knew that something was going to happen. Something big has happened.

  After all, he had seen strong winds and waves. Jacob quickly adjusted and said calmly: "Oren, slow down. The sky hasn't fallen yet. Where has the enemy bombed?"

  Compared to others on the battlefield, As for the bad news, Governor Jacob still hopes that the next bad news will be the enemy's air force bombing.

  Airships have been in the military field for so many years, and Austria was the first to put airships into the military field. Although the French are proud, they are not stupid. They cannot be unprepared when facing such an enemy.

  When building the supply warehouse, Governor Jacob had already considered the threat from the sky. This is also the reason why the French army only suffered heavy casualties after losing air supremacy.

  The young officer in Oron shook his head hastily: "It's not an air strike! The enemy has torn through our eastern defense line again, and the Aswan area is in danger."

  Hearing the word "again", Governor Jacob felt a toothache. . There is no way. From the outbreak of the war to now, the defense lines deployed by the French army in the Sudan have been breached three times.

  Fortunately, the colony was large enough that the French army had the opportunity to rearrange their defense lines in the rear. Unfortunately, the colonial army was always ineffective, and each line of defense could not hold out for more than a few days.

  In Jacob's view, it was not so much the French army on the front line that was resisting the Austrian invasion, but rather the harsh geographical conditions and poor traffic environment that were slowing down the enemy's advance.

  "Order Lieutenant General Parker to collect the defeated troops on the front line and build a new line of defense in the Aswan area.

  Order the 17th Division and the 24th Division to immediately go to reinforcements.

  Order the defenders in Kom Ombo, Edfu and other areas Get ready for battle..."

  A series of orders were issued, and it was obvious that Governor Jacob had no hope for the French army on the front line. Active defense is just to buy time, not to expect them to be able to hold off the enemy.

  Otherwise, we should concentrate our efforts to build a line of defense to block the enemy's front, instead of preparing for war in different regions and carrying out resistance step by step, trading space for time.

  There is no best tactic in this world, only the most suitable tactic.

  According to the Paris government's plan, the task of the African colonial governments was to hold on, delay, and wait for the French army to win on the European continent.

  There is no doubt that Governor Jacob was strictly carrying out this plan. Except for the ambitious initiative to organize a few offensives at the beginning of the war, it later entered a state of comprehensive defense.

  Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly. The European War reached a stalemate and the French army was unable to break through the Rhine River defense line. The situation in Egypt became worse.

  ...

  The Aswan area has now become a battlefield. The sound of artillery fire and the shouts of killing were intertwined and resounded through the sky.

  Putting down the telescope in his hand, Major General Herzendorf showed a satisfied smile. After laughing, there is deep sadness.

  There is no doubt that the increased role of the Air Force on the battlefield will also have an impact on the Army.

  Although the dominant position of the Army cannot be shaken yet, the Air Force is developing rapidly. If nothing unexpected happens, the country will definitely increase investment in the Air Force after the war.

  If only the Air Force is growing, Major General Herzendorf is still worried. After all, the Air Force has just started, and no matter how it develops, it will not be able to keep pace with the Army in a short period of time.

  The problem is that Austria still has a large navy. The current international situation has become very obvious. After the war, the Vienna government will definitely increase its investment in the navy and compete with the British for maritime hegemony.

  In comparison, the Army is much more difficult. Everyone knows that Austria cannot maintain five or six million troops for a long time, and disarmament is inevitable once the war is over.

  It is impossible for the Navy to be cut, and the size of the Air Force is limited. Even if it is cut, the airship force will be directly transferred to logistics and transportation according to the usual practice. Only the Army will be really abolished.

  With each increase and decrease, the advantage of the Army is offset. In the future, Austria's military structure will be one of mutual checks and balances between the land, sea and air forces, and the Army will no longer be the dominant force.

  This is what the Vienna government wants to see most. With the rapid development of the navy in the past ten years and the ability of the airship force to separate from the army and form an independent army, the government has made great efforts.

  Of course, the emperor's acquiescence was indispensable behind this. The core of the political game is power checks and balances, and the emperor does not want his subordinates to be monolithic.

  As an army general, naturally I don't want to see this happen. Even if the Austrian family has a big business, the funds invested in the military are limited. The rise of the navy and air force will inevitably dilute the resources of the army.

  It's useless to know, this is a conspiracy. From the day the Austrian Air Force was established, the new pattern was destined.

  Logically speaking, given Major General Herzendorf's rank, he shouldn't know.

  After all, the matter has not happened yet. The government only intends to promote it. No one has proposed it anywhere, let alone implemented it. From beginning to end, no news came out.

  However, there is never a shortage of smart people in this world, and Major General Herzendorf is one of them, and he has drawn conclusions from some clues.

  Sometimes knowing too much is also a worry. Major General Herzendorf is like this now. Originally, he still didn't believe that the Air Force could grow, but after witnessing the Air Force's operations, he had to accept the reality.

  At present, the performance of aircraft is still limited, and airships are still needed for bombing, but technology is updated rapidly these days!

  Herzendorf soon gave up the messy thoughts in his mind. If the sky fell, the tall man would be the first to hold it up. There were so many big bosses at the top of the army, and it was not his turn as a major general to worry about it.

  In any case, Austria's geographical location determines that land power must be developed, and no matter how much it belongs to the army, it cannot be missing.

  After all, the cake gets bigger and bigger, and even if more people share it, each person still gets more than before.

  Looking at his watch, Major General Herzendorf ordered the officer in front of him: "Give me the order. In half an hour, the 225th Division will attack from the front, the 236th Division will attack from the right wing, and the 241st Division will attack from the right." From..."

  Under normal circumstances it is impossible for a major general to command more than twenty infantry divisions. According to the establishment of the Austrian army, officers at the division level are basically major generals.

  Those who are qualified to command more than 300,000 troops in combat must at least start as generals.

  However, these so-called conventions were all broken after the great military expansion.

  Including colonial troops, the Austrian Army suddenly expanded from more than 500,000 troops before the war to more than 6 million troops.

  Since the completion of the military reform, Austria's military ranks have become precious, especially the number of generals has been extremely strictly controlled.

  Before the war broke out, the total number of people in the army, including retired generals, was less than 700. The military strength suddenly expanded more than ten times, and Franz naturally could not provide so many generals.

  Without military exploits, it is difficult to cross the threshold of general, but there are many school-level officers in reserve. If there are not enough generals, colonels are used to make up the number. Even the division commanders of some units are ranked as low as lieutenant colonels.

  This is a war era. If we don't control it, there won't be generals everywhere after the war.

  In order to avoid the embarrassing situation of having more generals than soldiers, Franz decisively adopted the measure of lowering the rank and increasing the number of soldiers. Anyway, after fighting a few battles, you will catch up with your military exploits.

  In this context, it is not surprising that a major general like Herzendorf appears as the commander of the army.

  ...

  As the Battle of Aswan began, letters for help continued to fly from Cairo to Paris. At most, Napoleon IV could receive three telegrams for help from the Egyptian governor in one day.

  Not only Egypt, but also calls for help from other parts of Africa are pouring in. Even though the Paris government had decided to temporarily abandon large areas of the colony, it was still unable to reverse the unfavorable situation on the battlefield.

  The retreat of the colonial government was not a simple task. Not only did the government agencies have to be relocated, but a large number of people also had to leave with them.

  Others can be thrown away, but the families of soldiers can’t be thrown away too, right?

  If the soldiers' families were really lost to Austria, there would be no need to fight the subsequent battles.

  In order to cover the retreat of government agencies and soldiers' families, the French troops on the front line still have to continue to hold on. Therefore, the reinforcements promised to the Egyptian governor only existed in theory.

  Whether it can finally be put in place depends on how many troops are withdrawn from the front line. After it was determined that the security of the Algerian region could be guaranteed, Egypt would have its turn with surplus troops.

  Regardless of the fact that the African battlefield does not seem to be very important, it will not affect the final outcome of the European War, and the French government does not pay much attention to it.

  In fact, on the contrary, African colonies provided France with one-third of its industrial raw materials and one-fifteenth of its agricultural products, which was of great strategic significance to France.

  The French government has attached great importance to the African continent from the beginning. Unfortunately, their strength in Africa is limited, and they are facing a two-front war at home. They simply do not have the ability to invest a large number of troops in the African colonies in a short period of time.

  Out of desperation, the Paris government deliberately acted indifferently, making the outside world think that it was because they did not pay attention to Africa, not because France could not defeat Austria in Africa.

  There is no way, this is politics. The complex international situation determines that France must remain strong, but any sign of weakness may trigger a chain reaction.

  Faced with the deteriorating situation in Africa, Napoleon IV finally couldn't sit still. The Rhine defense line has not yet been broken through. If Africa falls first, it will be great fun.

  Not to mention the losses caused to France by the fall of Africa. From a strategic perspective, once French Africa fell, Austria would almost unify the entire African continent.

  By that time, even if the French army breaks through Vienna, the war will continue. There is no way, the capital is too strong, and there is really no reason to admit defeat.

  Even if it continues to lose on the battlefield, Austria can rely on resources to drag France to death.

  With the lessons learned from the Russo-Prussian War, Napoleon IV had to consider the horrific consequences of the fall of French Africa.

  "The situation in Africa has completely collapsed. What is the Ministry of War prepared to do?" Army

  Minister Luskinia blushed and replied slightly embarrassed: "Your Majesty, our disadvantages on the African continent are too obvious. Even if reinforcements are sent from home, It is also difficult to reverse the situation.

  At the moment, we can only carry out strategic contraction and concentrate our forces to protect the most important Egypt and Algeria. We can only temporarily abandon other areas."

  It is impossible to increase troops. The European Continental War has consumed nearly all of France's forces. Strength, there is no ability to carry out labor expedition.

  Even if the Army Department grits its teeth and raises hundreds of thousands of troops, what will happen to the logistics supplies?

  You must know that the cost of an expedition is far greater than the cost of local operations, and French Africa is not as in-depth as Austrian Africa.

  After the war broke out, the Vienna government's investment in the African battlefield was only weapons, equipment and medicines, and other strategic materials were provided by the local government itself.

  In French Africa, the colonial government simply could not afford such a large expenditure. The ability of the indigenous people to create wealth is simply not comparable to that of the Austrians.

  Napoleon IV's face darkened, obviously this statement did not satisfy him.

  If the most important countries, Egypt and Algeria, can be defended, then the current situation can be accepted. The problem is that the Egyptian region is about to be destroyed.

  If you open the map, you will see that France’s territory on the African continent is shrinking day by day. At the current rate, within a year and a half, there will be nothing left to do with France on the African continent.

  "Is that all?"

  Faced with the emperor's soul torture, Luskinia's forehead broke out in cold sweat. There is no way, this problem is too embarrassing.

  "Your Majesty, although the deterioration of the situation on the African continent is irreversible, it will not collapse immediately.

  No matter what, we still have nearly one million troops on the African continent, and we can still delay the time.

  As long as we win the European War, now the Austrians Those who eat it must be paid back with profit."

  "Million Army", if it fell into the ears of unsuspecting people, it would probably scare many people.

  It's a pity that everyone present is an insider and knows very well what those troops are. As long as the colonial troops have half the combat effectiveness of the main force, the situation will not collapse so badly.

  Napoleon IV waved his hand: "Enough, I don't want to listen to these clichés anymore.

  Everyone knows that the European War is the key to victory or defeat. The premise is that we can win the war on the European continent.

  If the stalemate continues like this, , once French Africa falls, what can I do to fight Austria? Can I count on the British?"

  It's not that Napoleon IV couldn't hold his breath, it was really that the situation on the battlefield was too bad. The African battlefield was a complete failure, and the European battlefield was not going well either.

  As time went by, Austria devoted more and more troops to the Rhine River defense line, and the French army's hope of breaking through the defense line became less and less.

  France has put too many chips on this war, and now they simply cannot afford to lose.

  After hesitating for a moment, Luskinia said slowly: "Your Majesty, we need allies. We need real allies, not the kind of British people who stab in the back at any time!"

  This is a bloody lesson, you will know it when you open the history book , most of the time France is fighting alone.

  Many times, despite having the strength of the most powerful country in the European continent, it is horribly beaten by the enemy.

  It’s not that no one discovered this problem, mainly because by the time they reacted, all the countries on the European continent had already been offended.

  Now is no exception. Napoleon IV also longs for allies, but he can't find them!

  If he had not been forced to do anything, he would not seek skin from his old enemy the British.

  ...

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 919 Christmas Offensive

  Facts have proved that allies are not easy to find. There are not many countries that are qualified to be allies with France these days, and even fewer are able to be allies with France because of interests.

  Alliances must also adhere to the principle of reciprocity. If the strength gap between the two parties is too large, then they are not looking for allies, but for younger brothers.

  From the bottom of his heart, Napoleon IV was naturally willing to accept his younger brother. The problem is that no one is stupid, why should he be France's little brother for no reason?

  Theoretically speaking, once France shows signs of defeat, the British will most likely support them for the sake of continental balance, and European countries will stop their little actions of holding back.

  Unfortunately, this only exists in theory. The prerequisite is that the top leaders of governments in various countries must maintain absolute rationality and not be mixed with any personal emotions.

  Obviously, this is impossible. Politicians are human beings too and have the same emotions and desires as ordinary people. Since you have feelings, it will be more or less affected when making decisions.

  With the relationship between France and other countries, there are many people who want to kill them. If you show weakness and pretend to be dead, you may actually die.

  Napoleon IV did not dare to take a gamble. Even if the situation in Africa worsened and France gradually became strategically disadvantaged, he could only cover the lid and pretend to be very strong to frighten European countries.

  "Allies?"

  "Who can be our true ally?"

  This is definitely a torture from the soul. France's only ally now is Britain. Unfortunately, this ally is unreliable.

  To sum it up in one sentence: the chance of stabbing a teammate is slightly higher than the chance of stabbing the enemy.

  Of course, if the French government were a little thicker, Monaco could also be included. But this makes no sense. A seaside park will not affect the balance of power between the two warring parties.

  Under the expectant eyes of his colleagues, Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec replied bravely: "Your Majesty, in order to break the political passive situation, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has conducted in-depth research. The

  Britain has already formed an alliance with us, although This ally is not very reliable, but

  we still need to stabilize them. Since the war broke out, nearly one-third of our strategic supplies have been imported from Britain. Winning over the British is of great significance.

  From a strategic perspective, we want to change our In the unfavorable situation, it is best to win over the Russians.

  However, this is difficult to do. The Russian-Austrian alliance has lasted for many years, and it is simply unrealistic for the tsarist government to suddenly defect.

  In order to break up the Russian-Austrian alliance, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has done a lot Although

  there is no definite evidence, through some clue analysis, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs believes that an agreement has been reached between Russia and Austria. The Austrians may have promised India's interests to the Russians.

  We..."

  Don't wait. After Karel Kadlec finished speaking, Napoleon IV impatiently interrupted: "My Foreign Minister, stop talking nonsense.

  There are interest transactions between Russia and Austria. This is an open secret. Everyone around the world knows it.

  After the Austrians occupied the Ottoman Empire, they stopped expanding eastward. If there were no insider trading between Russia and Austria, there would be a problem.

  As for the problem in India, that is what the British should do Don't worry. Just tell me if it's possible to bring the Russians over.

  If the Russians can't be our allies, then who else can be our allies?

  It doesn't have to be a great power, even a second-tier country Okay. Even if you win over Switzerland, I will hold a celebration banquet for you."

  This is true. Napoleon IV is really not picky about food now. The bloody lesson taught him that it is better to have more allies.

  Just look at Austria next door. As soon as the European War broke out, they gathered a group of younger brothers and formed an anti-French alliance.

  Although most of them are soy sauce, there are so many of them that they directly overwhelmed France in terms of momentum.

  After hesitating for a moment, Karel Kadlec replied with a slightly unparalleled answer: "Your Majesty, it will take time to divide the Russian-Austrian... alliance... and this cannot be accomplished overnight.

  We are working hard to win over Switzerland, but... the result …Not very optimistic, but we have stabilized the Swiss government, and they have remained neutral in the war.

  In order to reverse the situation, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is working with the Allied Powers and Colombia, who have always been interested in Austrian America, but only to intimidate They dare not act rashly because of Austria's strength.

  There are also the Japanese. After the Meiji Restoration, the strength of the small Far East country has grown very fast, and it is almost catching up

  with Belgium. They have conflicts of interest with the Austrians in the Southeast Asia region, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is ready to win them over for carving up. Austria belongs to Nanyang.

  In addition, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is still wooing the Far Eastern Empire..."

  Faced with the emperor's questioning, Karel Kadlec came up with a response plan in a short time, and Karel Kadlec admired his own wit.

  On the surface, as long as it wins over these allies, France can get rid of the embarrassing situation of fighting alone, and its strategic situation will be greatly improved.

  In fact, everyone present knew that these were just beautiful paintings.

  Theoretically speaking, winning over the Alliance and Colombia would not only attack Austria's colonial system in the Americas, but also help France import agricultural products from the two countries.

  Unfortunately, America is not the only country with these few countries. Although the strength of the Alliance is not weak, it is a pity that there is a feuding United States next door to restrain it.

  Regardless of whether we can win the battle or not, surely the expedition to Austrian America with troops is not creating opportunities for the enemy?

  Not to mention Colombia. Even if they participate in the war, they will only have two infantry divisions at most. No more, and the Austrian army will sweep through Colombia again.

  The Americas cannot open up the situation, and the same is true for Asia. The Japanese these days are in a groveling stage and are not as arrogant as later generations.

  Before the outcome of the European War was decided, it would be impossible for them to draw chestnuts from the fire for France.

  The most important thing is that they are not strong enough. Although Karel Kadlec wanted to brag for them, he just didn't know what to brag about. In the end, he could only compare it with Belgium.

  Although Austrian Southeast Asia is not the focus of the Vienna government's operations, there are still tens of millions of people there, and it is still possible to arm hundreds of thousands of troops. If a fight breaks out, it's still unknown who will beat whom.

  As for the Far Eastern Empire, let’s just go to bed. They were still busy fighting among themselves, and they had neither the mood nor the courage to join in the fun.

  "Now that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has made a plan, let's implement it as soon as possible. I'm here waiting for your good news!"

  At this point, Napoleon IV's expectations have long fallen to the bottom. Although these potential allies are all useless, who makes France lack allies now?

  Anyway, it's better than nothing. I don't expect them to make much contribution to defeating Austria, but at least they can help wave the flag and disgust the Austrians.

  After a pause, Napoleon IV added: "The core of our strategy is still on the European continent. The focus of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs must also be on the European continent.

  Whether it is the British or the Russians, as long as they can pull one family into trouble , the embarrassing situation we are facing has been completely reversed.

  If it doesn't work, you can still encourage the Nordic Federation. Don't the Danes never forget the two principalities of Schleswig and Holstein? Then give them to them .

  And the states within the German Federation, you can also do the work. Don’t ask them to switch sides, just ask them to be passive and slow down the work."

  No matter how low the success rate was, Napoleon IV did not mind giving it a try. Who prevented the French army from showing its due combat effectiveness?

  It was promised that the autumn wind would sweep away the fallen leaves, but the wind picked up. Unexpectedly, the wind direction was not right and the fallen leaves were swept into my home.

  ...

  France is taking action, and Austria is not idle either. Instigated by the Vienna government, the Russian army launched attacks on Afghanistan again and again.

  The temptation to occupy Afghanistan and open the door to India before the end of the European War is too great.

  Many senior officials of the tsarist government were addicted to it and could not extricate themselves.

  Visible benefits are not comparable to empty promises. No matter how much talk the British and French made, the Russians felt that seizing India was more reliable.

  Of course, the most critical thing is that most of Afghanistan has been occupied by the Russian army, and victory is imminent.

  As long as the Afghan region is occupied, the subsequent war will be easier to fight. There is no need for government instigation, and the officers and soldiers will happily march into India.

  If the tsarist government is willing, it can follow Austria's example and open overseas colonies, so that the nobles can solve the problem with their private armies.

  When robbing for himself, Mao Xiong's fighting power is absolutely explosive, and there is no way that the lobster soldiers can stop him.

  It is no exaggeration at all. As long as the Russian army annihilates the main force of the British army in Afghanistan, the British will not be able to supplement it in a short time. Without the British troops to suppress the battle, the Indian colonial army would be a joke.

  ...

  "Which idiot gave this order to occupy Afghanistan before Christmas?"

  In the Russian command headquarters, General Okinets looked at the order in his hand and cursed in disbelief.

  It is true that the war in Afghanistan has reached a critical moment, but at this time, the enemy's resistance becomes more intense.

  The Russian army was able to advance smoothly in front, not only because it was willing to take human lives, but more importantly, the British army's logistics supply line was too long, and it was attacked by Afghan guerrillas at regular intervals.

  According to statistics from the Russian army, nearly two-thirds of the British army's strategic supplies will disappear during transportation.

  Whether it was killed by the Afghan guerrillas or divided up by the domestic bureaucracy is a matter of opinion.

  In short, this is a good thing for the Russian army. Limited by logistics, the British troops on the front line had powerful firepower, but they were unable to explode at full strength.

  In this context, even though there were natural dangers to rely on, the British army was still beaten back steadily.

  In order to maximize his military exploits, it was naturally impossible for General Okinets to report the specific details.

  In the eyes of the tsarist government, all Russian troops were not afraid of sacrifices and hardships, overcame difficulties along the way, and composed a triumphal song of victory with their blood.

  Everything has two sides. A series of victories stimulated the ambitions of the tsarist government and at the same time consumed their patience.

  Some people can't help but want to occupy Afghanistan before Christmas to add luster to the annual festival.

  After hearing General Okinets' curse, the middle-aged officer who delivered the telegram hurriedly reminded: "Your Excellency, Commander, this is an order from the Ministry of War. It also has the opinions of the cabinet attached to it, which is equivalent to a domestic consensus."

  It is a disaster. ,This is. If General Okinets dares to scold the domestic bureaucrats, it means that his own status has risen to the same level as the domestic bigwigs.

  If nothing else happens, after winning this war, General Okinets will be promoted to marshal.

  And he is not that kind of guy, but another big boss in the Russian army after Marshal Ivanov.

  No emperor likes his subordinates to be monolithic. The harder Admiral Okinets scolds him, the happier Alexander III will be.

  General Okinets can scold, but that doesn't mean everyone can listen. If something unexpected happens later and triggers a high-level conflict, maybe the scolding will be fine, but those who listen will probably be affected.

  In a sense, this is essentially taking sides. If he didn't stop him, he would agree with General Okinets' point of view.

  It doesn't matter if you have a backing, but if you don't have a backing, you may become a victim of political struggle at any time.

  "Hmph!"

  After a cold shout, General Okinets decisively stopped the idea of ​​continuing to curse. There is no way, there are too many people involved, and we really can’t afford to offend.

  When you don't know, you can criticize as much as you want, it doesn't matter. Once you know, you must be disciplined. This is politics.

  "Call back to the Army Department. We will launch the final offensive as soon as possible, but the logistics materials cannot keep up.

  To occupy the entire Afghanistan area before Christmas, we need at least 1.2 billion rounds of ammunition and 3 million artillery shells..."

  A typical lion opens his mouth, but there is nothing he can do. General Okinets has no confidence in occupying Afghanistan before Christmas and has to find excuses first so that he can shirk responsibility after the mission fails.

  This is also the basic skill of Russian generals. Almost every high-level commander of the Russian army is a master at shirking responsibility.

  Insufficient strategic supplies have always been the only way for the Russian army to respond to domestic pressure. As long as this killer move is used, the government will have nothing to say.

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 920: Arms Purchase

  "The Russians want to buy aircraft?"

  Franz received the news just after he woke up from his sleep. It's not surprising when you think about it. The Tsarist government has been buying and buying in recent years.

  Maybe they got a taste of the sweetness from the purchase, or maybe the bureaucrats simply wanted to make a fortune, but any weapon that the Austrian army equipped on a large scale would be quickly followed by the Russians.

  Seeing the aircraft shining brightly on the battlefield, the tsarist government naturally followed suit. Especially as the Anglo-Russian war in Afghanistan continues, the Russian army urgently needs a weapon that can suppress the British airship troops.

  "Yes, Your Majesty!"

  "The Tsarist government has just decided to launch a Christmas offensive, planning to seize Afghanistan before Christmas on the Russian calendar."

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg explained with a smile. There is no doubt that Austria is behind the Russian Christmas offensive.

  Until now in the European War, the British have not participated much. It is not that the London government suddenly changed its attitude, but mainly because it was dragged down by the war in Afghanistan and did not have so much energy.

  Judging from the current situation, unless there is a complete imbalance in the strength of France and Austria, the British will definitely give priority to the Afghan battlefield.

  After receiving this answer, Franz fell into deep thought. Whether to sell the aircraft to the Russians is also a tangled question.

  Theoretically speaking, if the Russians obtain the aircraft, it is equivalent to gaining air supremacy in the Afghan war, and their chances of winning the war are higher.

  This is what Austria wants to see. The occupation of Afghanistan does not mean the end of the Anglo-Russian war, but the beginning of a full-scale war between the two countries.

  Regarding India's strategic security, the British government can only fight to the end whether it wants it or not.

  With the strength of the British Empire, this war still has to be fought. The more intense the fight between Britain and Russia in Central Asia, the less powerful they will be able to interfere in Europe.

  Naturally, there are advantages and disadvantages. It is true that Russia and Austria are allies, but this alliance is also established because of interests. If the core interests of the two countries conflict, the alliance will collapse in minutes.

  Once the plane fell into the hands of the Russians, it would be difficult to keep it secret. As long as the French were willing to bid, it would not be difficult to obtain samples from the tsarist government.

  "If the French or the British get our aircraft, how long will it take to decipher the technology inside?"

  Franz asked with concern.

  The crux of the problem is here. Austria has lit up the aircraft technology tree in order to maintain its advantage in the war.

  Britain and France are both industrial powers. Once the samples are obtained, it is only a matter of time to reversely deduce the manufacturing technology.

  Prime Minister Karl: "According to engineers' estimates, if an intact aircraft falls into the hands of Britain and France, it will only take 1 to 3 months for them to deduce the aircraft manufacturing technology.

  However, deducing the manufacturing technology does not mean that they can imitate it. Come out. Because the industrial systems are different, we, Britain and France have their own standards. If

  Britain and France want to directly imitate, they must adjust the standards of the industrial base machine. This takes a lot of time, and it cannot be done without two or three years of effort. Industrialized mass production.

  Time waits for no one on the battlefield, and it is unlikely that we will copy it directly. The greater possibility is to use our aircraft as a model, adjust part of the design and then copy it.

  In this way, the time required cannot be estimated. Mainly It still depends on the highest industrial level of Britain and France. If their engine technology passes the standard, it may only take a few months to imitate it."

  Similar to Franz's judgment, the reverse deduction technology is not difficult. As long as you have an aircraft sample in hand, you can disassemble it. There is always something to gain from doing research.

  The difficulty is industrialized production, which involves many fields. Everyone's industrial standard system is different, and it is difficult to achieve unified standards.

  Aircraft is a high-precision field, and the size of a screw may affect industrial production.

  For details, we can refer to some of the copycat companies of later generations. Mid- to low-end industrial products are easily copied, but they are blind when it comes to high-tech fields.

  The sample is in front of us, and the technology has been reversely deduced, but it cannot be produced. You must know that technical barriers are a gap that is more difficult to break than patent barriers.

  After entering the late 19th century, the technological gap between European countries no longer only existed in concepts, but was also reflected in the industrial field.

  The technology trees opened by Britain, France and Austria are different. They all have their own advantages in certain fields. Aircraft manufacturing happens to be a partial field of science for Britain and France.

  After weighing the pros and cons, Franz made a decision.

  "Sell it! But there must be restrictions to ensure that the Russians will not leak the aircraft. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will send people to keep an eye on it and delay the spread of aircraft technology as much as possible."

  As long as there are exports, the spread of aircraft manufacturing technology is inevitable. Even if Britain and France don't imitate it, the Russians themselves will dismantle it and study it.

  The weapons and equipment exported by Austria to Russia have not escaped the fate of being studied. Not only was it to be studied, it was even copied by the Tsarist government.

  Although the basic industrial systems of Russia and Austria are the same, the industrial standards of the two sides have long been different from the same level.

  Most of the time, the production costs of weapons and equipment counterfeited by the Russians are much more expensive than imported ones.

  In this context, even the tsarist government had always wanted to get rid of its dependence on Austria for military industry, but in the end it was defeated by the wallet.

  This is true for ordinary weapons and equipment, not to mention aircraft with high technical content. Franz dared to assert that even if the technical drawings were given to the Russians, they would not be able to understand them within three to five years.

  As long as the finished product does not fall into the hands of the French, even if France and Russia secretly collude, at most they will send a few military experts to study it, and no more will be able to keep it secret.

  Compared with concentrating experts in related fields to participate in research, it is undoubtedly much less efficient to only involve individual people in research.

  Especially knowledge outside the professional field is very easy to be missed. Whether it can be done before the end of the war is unknown.

  Moreover, even if it is developed, aircraft technology will still be divided into generations. The aircraft exported to the Russians only need to be able to deal with airships, and they do not need to be too advanced at all.

  ...

  London, after the roar of the ship, a special guest stepped off a luxurious passenger ship.

  Arriving in the Fog City again, Karel Kadlec felt heavy. Even the welcome queues on both sides didn't feel too cold.

  As France's only ally, the British government is naturally the focus of the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs' public relations. In order to show the great importance he attached to the British, Karel Kadlec personally took action.

  Unfortunately, judging from the current situation, his plan is basically useless. The British only received them routinely and did not hold a grand welcome ceremony.

  Karel Kadlec couldn't help but think too much. In such a special period, if the British intend to support France, they must make a friendly gesture.

  The reality is very cruel, and the lukewarm attitude of the British poured cold water on Karel Kadlec's trip to London.

  Dragging my tired body, I attended the welcome banquet as usual. Sure enough, there was no accident. Not to mention members of the royal family, even high-level members of the British government were not present. Of course, the diplomats responsible for the reception were not included.

  ...

  At midnight, in the French Embassy in London, Karel Kadlec asked seriously: "At the banquet just now, I noticed something was wrong with George's expression. What happened in London recently?"

  Observing Moments is a diplomat As Foreign Minister, Karel Kadlec is naturally familiar with the basic skills.

  It's just that concealing emotions is also a diplomat's instinct. After noticing something strange about George, he immediately attracted the attention of Karel Kadlec.

  There have been no new major events in the world recently. The biggest hot spot is the European War. Generally speaking, it is still in a stalemate.

  As long as the international situation has not changed significantly, the only thing that can worry the British Foreign Secretary is the domestic political struggle.

  As much as he would like to see the British infighting jokes, Karel Kadlec knows very well that now is not the time.

  His trip to London was in vain once the British government became embroiled in political struggles. Before stabilizing the internal situation, it would be difficult for the British to play a substantial role in the European War.

  "What happened in London?" Minister Ambroise was taken aback for a moment, then responded: "No, Your Excellency. London has been very stable recently, and nothing major has happened.

  If anything, it should be India. . There are rumors that the Russians launched the Christmas Offensive not long ago, and the British suffered heavy losses on the battlefield.

  The British government has blocked the news in this regard. We can’t find out what exactly happened for a while. Clear."

  After hearing the words "blocked news," Karel Kadlec immediately realized the seriousness of the problem.

  You must know that under the British political system, it is not that simple to block news. Most of the time, reporters will get the news faster.

  There is no way around it. British politics takes turns taking the throne. It is refreshing to block the news, and the opposition parties will definitely come up with excuses afterwards. After the news is exposed, public support for the cabinet will drop significantly.

  The British government will not do this unless absolutely necessary.

  After thinking for a while, Karel Kadlec said seriously: "Mobilize our people to figure out the whole story as soon as possible. If it

  doesn't work, just alert the snake. Find a few street tabloids, release the news of the fall of Afghanistan, and test British Government’s Response.”

  Know yourself and your enemy and you will win every battle.

  If you want to get the British on board, how can you do it if you don't even know what's going on in Britain?

  "Your Excellency, this is not good. What if the British discover it..."

  Before Minister Ambroise could finish speaking, Karel Kadlec interrupted: "What are you afraid of? This is what we are doing." It’s for the British.

  After staying in London for so long, don’t you still know what John Bull’s style is?”

  The more he gets to know the British, the less Karel Kadlec thinks of the so-called “British-French friendship.” Treat it as one thing.

  The premise of an alliance is interests. Without interests, there would be no alliance. As long as the interests are in place, no matter how big the contradiction is, it can't stop Britain and France from getting closer.

  As for whether it will offend the British government, that is completely overthinking.

  Karel Kadlec didn't believe that the British didn't have eyes and ears in the French embassy. It was estimated that the British knew about it before the plan to alert the snake was implemented.

  If you really want to cause trouble, you should at least keep it secret. How could anyone issue an order in front of many embassy staff?

  Essentially, Karel Kadlec wanted to tell the British through these small means: France already knows the news of the British army's defeat in Afghanistan; now it is not just France that needs Britain, but Britain also needs France.

  After all, the Russian-Austrian alliance seems to be very stable. If France really loses the European War, British India will be in danger.

  From this aspect, Britain and France are tied together, and both countries suffer.

  As for whether the British will see it this way, no one can answer this question yet.

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 921 The Unreliable British Wet Nurse

  "The French are in a hurry!"

  Gladstone came to this conclusion after receiving the news that the French had been released.

  It is true that Britain is at a disadvantage in the war in Afghanistan, but it is not to the point that it would panic the British government.

  Even if all of Afghanistan falls, as long as the main British army on the front line is not completely wiped out, the British Empire will have the confidence to win the war.

  There is no other reason. I have money in my pocket and my waist is so tough. The British Empire's century-old accumulation is no joke. When it comes to their background, the Russians are simply not qualified.

  Foreign Secretary George analyzed: "The European Continental War has progressed so far, and the French dream of a quick victory has been ended. In the

  next war, both sides will fight for comprehensive national strength. Although the French army is strong, but in other fields, their disadvantage is too obvious.

  Judging from the current situation, if the French cannot cross the Rhine River in a short time and burn the war into the hinterland of Germany, their strategic advantage will be lost.

  Next, meet What they have is Austria's endless counterattacks. It can be said that the longer this war lasts, the lower the French's chance of winning the war.

  According to the current intensity of the war, if it continues for another three or two years at most, the French will not be able to fight. Go down."

  Obviously, George is not optimistic about the French now. The comprehensive strength gap between the two sides is too big, and the French will suffer too much if they fight to consume it.

  It's just that the French army's reputation is too great, and no one can guarantee whether the French army will make a comeback at a critical moment.

  After all, similar cases have appeared many times in the history of the struggle between France and the Habsburg dynasty.

  After taking out a document, Finance Minister Xiaoji Childers smiled and said: "In two or three years, you may have overestimated the strength of the French.

  In my opinion, if there is no external intervention, can the French Surviving 1891 is still a question mark.

  Let's put aside the military issues for now. Let's calculate an economic account first, and then re-evaluate the strength of the French.

  This is the data collected by the Ministry of Finance in the past three months. Within this period, the total import and export trade between us and the French increased by 5.1 times compared with the same period last year.

  Among them, the export trade volume to France increased by 6.5 times, and the total import trade volume shrank by 64.7%. , achieving a trade surplus of 64.86 million pounds.

  This is only the trade with us. If France's trade with other countries is included, the French foreign trade deficit will not be less than 120 million pounds in the last quarter of 1890.

  If this war If it does not end, the French's foreign trade deficit will continue to increase.

  Especially as French Africa is about to fall, once this raw material origin is lost, the French will need to import more materials.

  In the past, the arrogant France People want to compete for currency hegemony and have been promoting the franc to the outside world. They don't hold many Aegis and pounds in their hands.

  According to the current consumption rate, it won't be long before the French's foreign exchange reserves are exhausted. At that time, they will only If they can use gold for trade, their pitiful gold reserves will not be able to sustain it for a few days.

  This is still an ideal state, and the real situation may be even more serious. Since Napoleon III, the French government has been adopting a fiscal deficit The policy has long been burdened with high debts.

  This war was hastily launched without adequate preparation. I really have no confidence in the finances of the Paris government. "

  Is France rich?

  There is no doubt that France, as the world's third largest economic power, can definitely be regarded as a wealthy country.

  However, just because France is rich does not mean that the French government is rich. If the front line goes smoothly, the French consortium will naturally help with all its strength, but otherwise it will be different.

  Capital has no borders, it's no joke. If something really goes wrong, the capitalists will not be buried with the government.

  The battle is about manpower, material resources, and industrial strength. In the final analysis, it is about financial resources.

  Supporting multiple fronts at the same time, the pressure on France is much greater than that of the world war in the original time and space, and there are no allies to help share the burden. It is only a matter of time before problems arise.

  After a cursory glance at the report, Gladstone asked doubtfully: "How come the trade surplus with France has increased so much? I remember that the trade volume did not increase so much?" You must

  know that the trade volume between Britain and France is not small, and the import trade The decrease is understandable. After all, the French are at war and have no time to produce large quantities of goods for export.

  However, the export trade volume suddenly increased by more than six times, which is a myth.

  It is completely inconsistent with economic laws. Even if the French increased the import of strategic materials due to the war, it would not be such an exaggeration.

  There is no way, we can’t produce it! Even if capitalists desperately expand production capacity, they still need time to buffer. It has only been more than three months?

  "It's very simple. The prices of the materials we export have increased!"

  Finance Minister Xiaoji Childers replied unhurriedly.

  "France and Austria are looting supplies internationally, and the prices of all supplies have increased to varying degrees.

  Especially the prices of strategic supplies have basically doubled compared to before the war. The prices of some scarce medicines have even increased. It has increased three to four times.

  Of course, we and other European countries have increased tariffs on France, which is also one of the factors driving up the price increase."

  Capitalists took advantage of the situation, which is an inevitable result. It's just that this time it was too harsh, but with the addition of Austria, which is driving up prices, it seems that doubling the price is not so unacceptable.

  Prime Minister Gladstone asked with concern: "Where is Austria?"

  Finance Minister Xiaoji Childers shook his head: "Contrary to the French, Austria needs to import very few materials and is basically self-sufficient.

  Even if there is a shortage, it is imported from Russia. It is relatively affected by external influences. Smaller.

  Although prices have risen, the total trade volume between them and us has declined instead of rising.

  Of course, the interception by the French navy is also one of the reasons that hinders our trade with Austria. In

  many cases, even if a contract is signed The contract cannot be performed normally."

  Gladstone frowned, this result was completely different from what he expected. It was originally hoped that France and Austria would consume each other's strength through this war and consolidate Britain's maritime dominance.

  Unfortunately, the plan didn't change quickly. Taking advantage of this war, Britain did kill France, but unfortunately it lost Austria.

  No matter how prices soar in the international market, it has little to do with trade with Russia and Austria. After all, the tsarist government was exporting industrial raw materials to Austria in exchange for strategic materials. If prices really increased, they would also rise together.

  The wool comes from the sheep, so there is no need for the Russians to join in the fun.

  Then France became the only victim. After all, it is easy to raise prices, but it is difficult to lower prices.

  After hesitating for a moment, Prime Minister Gladstone said slowly: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will negotiate with the French first. As long as the French are willing to exchange benefits, they will find a reason to reduce the tariffs, or simply exempt them from tariffs."

  This is the greatest help that Gladstone can provide to the French within the scope of his authority. As for whether prices can be reduced, that still depends on the French people's own abilities.

  After all, capitalists are not easy to mess with. If the government forces them to reduce prices, it will cause public outrage.

  After all, it is the French government, not the British government, that is purchasing supplies now, so there is no need for Gladstone to offend anyone on their behalf.

  When it comes to bargaining, the French still have to fight with the capitalists themselves. How much they can gain depends on their bargaining power.

  Foreign Secretary George: "There is no problem with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. However, just cutting tariffs may not be enough support.

  If we want the French and Austrians to consume strength together, we must find ways to increase the economic strength of the French, or Lend them money directly.

  While providing financial support, we must also limit the military strength of the French and prevent the warring parties from experiencing a power imbalance. It is very difficult to achieve this."

  Being timid is a true portrayal of the British government. . On the one hand, the war in Afghanistan has dragged down most of the government's energy; on the other hand, it has to maintain the balance between France and Austria.

  I'm afraid that something will happen and the situation will get out of control. It can be said that this is the most challenging moment for the British Foreign Office in decades.

  Prime Minister Gladstone nodded helplessly: "Let's try it first! We will make adjustments based on the actual situation later.

  Before the strength of France and Austria is greatly consumed, we must act cautiously to prevent the situation from getting out of control."

  ...

  While the negotiations between Britain and France were beginning, Alexander III, who was far away in St. Petersburg, also welcomed his new toy-the airplane.

  Watching the beautiful flight formation performance, Alexander III felt particularly comfortable, and asked energetically: "When will these aircraft be put into use on the battlefield?"

  After watching the performance, Alexander III still did not forget the reality of introducing the aircraft. Purpose.

  It has been proven in the European War that when an airplane meets an airship, it is massacre. In order to increase the chances of winning on the front line, Alexander III eagerly hoped that these aircraft could be put into service as soon as possible.

  Army Minister Ivanov: "Your Majesty, we don't have pilots yet. Planes and airships are different, and the requirements for pilots are more stringent. The

  Ministry of War has reached an agreement with the Austrians, and they will help train a batch of pilots." Preparations for pilots have already begun.

  If no accidents occur, after three months, our first aircraft group will be able to enter the army and serve."

  In just three months, a group of pilots will be trained. At this speed, the pilots trained will naturally not be elite.

  Anyway, the enemy is just an airship, so there is no need to test the overall quality of the pilot. Being able to fly the plane normally and launch attacks is almost enough.

  For the rest of the knowledge, pilots can slowly accumulate experience in actual combat. Anyway, the Russian army now has to pay attention to efficiency and just be satisfied quickly.

  After hearing "three months", Alexander III's smile suddenly disappeared.

  "Why is it so slow? Can't we speed up the progress?

  You must know that the battle situation on the front line is urgent. If we put the aircraft into the battlefield one day earlier, we will be able to seize the sky from the British one day earlier!"

  Faced with the Tsar's request, Ivanov The marshal's heart was shattered. According to the Austrians, it is very rare to be able to train a pilot within three months.

  If it goes any faster, the quality of the already low-quality crash course may not be guaranteed.

  Ivanov replied bravely: "Your Majesty, pilots are an emerging technical force. We have no training experience in this area and can only learn from the Austrians.

  If you want to speed up, I personally suggest that airship pilots be included in the training class." It should save a lot of time."

  Ivanov didn't know whether it was a bad idea or not. Since the Tsar had already asked, he couldn't be without an idea.

  As for the effect, we will decide when the time comes. It is a new military branch anyway, so the War Department is not familiar with the situation, so it is understandable that it made a mistake in judgment.

  ………

  　I just saw someone talking about the problems of British and French industry. Haiyue is here to explain. Being industrially developed does not mean that all fields are great.

  　　The premise of copycat is that there is an industrial system, from supporting supply chains to production equipment and industrial workers. What can we use to copycat if there is nothing?

  　　Aircraft are new equipment, and Britain and France do not have supporting industries. If you want to imitate them, you must first solve the problem of personnel and production equipment.

  　　Not to mention the production technology, there are not even aircraft designers, at most a few private enthusiasts.

  　　The so-called imitation means either copying it intact or modifying the design plan according to your own industrial system.

  　　There is no need for Haiyue to tell you how many pitfalls there are!

  　　It takes time to cultivate talents. It is cheating to rush into the business and pay the tuition first, and to succeed immediately without experiencing failure.

  　　To copy directly, the first thing to change is the standard of the entire supporting system, otherwise the sizes of the spare parts will not match.

  　　It is indeed possible to create an airplane by changing the proportions, but I don't know if it can fly.

  　　Of course, there were people who wanted to build the first-generation aircraft. Even if Haiyue didn't say it, they were not on the same channel.

  　　Everyone knows what the original wooden airplane was. What's the use of making it except giving away people's heads?

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 922: A Special Christmas

  The value of the air show is not only for appreciation, but also for the tsarist government to show off its force to the outside world. No matter where these planes came from, they just exist.

  In a sense, being able to buy an airplane is also a manifestation of strength. You know, even more countries cannot buy it even if they want to.

  Perhaps intentionally or unintentionally, during the flight show, Alexander III also invited ministers from various European countries to participate, including the French minister.

  According to European practice, allies of allies are not necessarily allies, and enemies of allies are not necessarily enemies.

  The Franco-Austrian War and the Anglo-Russian War are both separate war copies and do not interfere with each other.

  Therefore, when the European War was raging, France and Russia still maintained normal diplomatic relations.

  After confirming that the Russians were equipped with aircraft, the French minister immediately became interested. Since Paris was bombed, the French government has been worried about aircraft manufacturing technology.

  It turns out that figuring it out on your own isn't that simple. Without technical experts in the aircraft field, the French government could only find a few private enthusiasts and a group of mechanical engineers to form a grass-roots research and development team .

  It doesn't matter if we don't mention the results, it doesn't matter if it cannot be industrially produced. The key point is that the aircraft built in the laboratory are still in the primitive stage, and there is no return.

  If you want to simply achieve free travel and landing, you still need a lot of time to experiment and explore. Anyway, the French army on the front line can't wait.

  According to Minister Albon's knowledge, in order to develop aircraft manufacturing technology as soon as possible, the government did not hesitate to bow to the British to seek cooperation.

  Then there is no more. Although Britain's industrial strength is stronger, in the field of aircraft manufacturing, like France, everyone is a layman, and there is no aircraft manufacturer in the whole country.

  Now is undoubtedly an opportunity to obtain aircraft manufacturing technology from the Austrian hands, but to obtain the same technology from the Russians.

  Of course, the Russians do not have aircraft production technology, but they have ready-made aircraft!

  Independent research and development requires a lot of time, and having samples for reference and imitation can undoubtedly save a lot of time.

  Regardless of the arrogance of European countries, in fact, most of the industrial powers in Europe initially relied on copycats, including France.

  There is no pressure on Minister Albon to plagiarize or imitate. The only problem is how to obtain the aircraft from the Russians.

  ...

  "Your Excellency, Minister, this business is too difficult and has exceeded my ability."

  After saying that, the middle-aged man pushed the check back. It was clear from his eyes that the middle-aged man was filled with deep reluctance and did not want to give up the check.

  But there is no way, and the French are not easy to mess with. If you don't do things after receiving money, you will leave endless trouble for yourself.

  "Your Excellency, Duke, you are so humble. Who doesn't know your name? There is nothing you can't do in St. Petersburg. It's just

  a small thing, Your Excellency only needs to..."

  Praising, endless flattering. In order to achieve his goal, Minister Albon also gave up the bottom line.

  After speaking, Minister Albon pushed the check back and took out a blank check and placed it on top.

  The meaning is very obvious, as long as the target can be achieved, the price can be set at will.

  Seeing this scene before him, Duke Olmedo's position wavered again. Although cooperating with the French may offend the Austrians, they can't resist the high price of the French!

  Although there were many people looking for him to do business, this was the first time he received a check written casually.

  After hesitating for a moment, Duke Olmedo shook his head again: "Mr. Minister, it's not that I won't help.

  The problem now is that the Austrians are keeping a close eye on them. The people responsible for aircraft maintenance are all Austrians. We can't do it under their control." Send the plane out of Russia under your nose.

  You know Austria's influence in Russia. Once they discover a problem, the government will definitely give them an explanation."

  Although money is good, life is more important.

  Normally, Olmedo has many ways to steal a piece of weaponry and equipment from the military camp, whether it is scrapped or decommissioned.

  But not now, the Austrians are watching too closely. If the Austrians get caught, the Tsarist government will definitely give Austria an explanation for the sake of relations between the two countries.

  In this context, no matter how powerful the relationship network is, it cannot withstand it. Olmedo has not lived enough and does not want to seek death.

  After being rejected again, Minister Albon's face darkened. With many years of life experience, he could see that the Russian Duke in front of him was not trying to raise the price, but he really didn't dare.

  After pondering for a moment, Minister Alban asked unwillingly: "Your Excellency, the people responsible for maintenance are Austrians. This situation will definitely not continue, right?"

  Duke Olmedo nodded: "Of course, we Technical personnel have been arranged to study. Soon, the logistics maintenance will be done by our own people.

  If your Excellency, Minister, can wait, after two or three years, you should be able to do so."

  Wait two or three years . By the time, the day lilies were cold. After such a long time, France's own research and development is about to produce results. There is no need to spend a lot of money.

  Albon asked unwillingly: "Don't your country want to imitate? We can send engineers to help and decipher the technology. Our two countries can share it, and..."

  Before Albon could finish speaking, Olmedo He interrupted: "Why imitate? What good does it do to us?"

  It sounds nonsensical, but this is the truth. At the beginning, after importing Olympic equipment, the tsarist government was also keen on introducing technology and imitating it.

  However, in the face of high production costs, the tsarist government had to accept the concept of "it is better to buy than to make".

  This is true for ordinary weapons and equipment, let alone aircraft. With the industrial strength of the Russian Empire, even if they could decipher the technology, they would not be able to produce it industrially.

  ...

  For the sake of the ruble, Olmedo finally agreed to arrange for several French engineers to join the logistics and maintenance personnel.

  How much you can learn secretly depends on the luck of the French. Anyway, Duke Olmedo is not optimistic about the French.

  Logistics maintenance and aircraft manufacturing are completely different concepts. Without in-depth study of the internal structure of the aircraft, there is no other way to deduce aircraft manufacturing technology except to invest a lot of time and money in experiments.

  The money invested is okay, but there will always be congestion. The key to the problem is time. Rolling out aircraft manufacturing technology within one or two months is completely different from spending one or two years developing aircraft manufacturing technology.

  ...

  Snowflakes are falling, and the Rhine River is covered with a layer of silver. With the silence of gunfire and the smoke of the past, it looked particularly pleasant under the soft sunlight.

  It was another Christmas, and Marshal Patrice McMahon was not happy when he saw the soldiers celebrating with joy.

  At the beginning of the Rhine River Offensive and Defense War, there were only 300,000 Austrian troops on the opposite side, and the rest were the defeated troops of Belgium and Germany.

  Not long after this, the total strength of the Austrian army exceeded 800,000. With the addition of troops from Belgium and Germany, the anti-French alliance's military disadvantage was no longer obvious.

  If the current situation continues, perhaps by next month, the strength ratio between the two sides will be reversed. At that time, the offensive and defensive positions of both sides will change.

  There is no way. France is no match for the anti-French alliance in terms of manpower, financial resources, materials, and industry.

  The only advantage is that the French army has the most prestige, is supported by past achievements, and has a psychological advantage when facing the enemy.

  It is a pity that all this was broken by the Austrians in the Battle of the Rhine not long ago.

  The French army has not continued its myth of invincibility, and its so-called combat effectiveness advantage has now become a dream.

  Frankly speaking, Patrice McMahon did not want a truce on Christmas Day, because it would buy the enemy a day and further increase the difficulty of breaking through the Rhine defense line.

  "Marshal, the Christmas banquet will start in half an hour."

  The guard on the side reminded.

  This is a tradition of the French army. Banquets are indispensable at any time, not to mention Christmas.

  Originally, Patrice McMahon was going back to Paris to attend the banquet held at the Palace of Versailles, but due to heavy snowfall last night, the road was blocked and the trip was delayed, so she stayed on the front line.

  Since he stayed here, as the boss on the front line, Patrice McMahon was naturally obliged to host the Christmas banquet and boost the morale of the troops.

  "I know, I will attend on time!"

  After saying that, Marshal Patrice McMahon closed his eyes and rested. Hosting banquets also requires physical exertion, and it is also a burden for the aging Patrice McMahon.

  ...

  The French army is celebrating, and the coalition forces are almost the same. In addition to retaining essential personnel on duty, most officers and soldiers are celebrating this special Christmas.

  Unlike the French army, Archduke Albrecht, the commander of the allied forces, was absent, and the protagonist of the banquet became King Leopold II of Belgium.

  In the headquarters, Justice Albrecht was looking at the latest battlefield map. In front of him were several senior Austrian officers who were absent from the banquet.

  Soldiers are very fast on the battlefield. Although it is impossible to launch an attack on Christmas Day, it does not mean that nothing can be done on Christmas Day.

  "The armored troops have just arrived, have they been settled in?"

  There is no doubt that the major event that caused the high-level Austrian army to miss the banquet was the armored troops that had just arrived.

  The movements of the armored forces were quite noisy, and it was simply impossible to avoid the French army's eyes and ears during normal times. Christmas can be regarded as the only chance.

  In order to hide their whereabouts, the Austrian army also carried out a series of disguises.

  For example: the number of cars on the front line was increased, and occasionally noise was deliberately made to numb the ears of the French.

  In order to reduce the risk of exposure, the armored troops did not come directly, but were transported directly to the front line by waterway.

  A middle-aged officer replied loudly: "Marshal, please don't worry. The armored troops have been dispersed and placed in several camps prepared in advance. I personally went to check. The

  location of the camp is relatively remote, and the troops patrolling the surrounding areas were stationed a week ago." It has been replaced by our people.

  There is also a car transport unit nearby to provide cover. As long as there is no close contact, ordinary people will not notice it."

  Fortunately, the French airship unit was killed, otherwise he wanted to hide an armored unit. , it’s really not easy.

  Although the armored forces are almost invincible these days, if they are exposed in advance and the French are prepared, it will be difficult to do their best.

  Dealing with armored forces is both difficult and easy. As long as a few more holes are dug in the path of the armored troops, the speed of the armored troops can be slowed down.

  An armored force that has lost its speed is actually an army with strong combat effectiveness, and it is difficult to play a strategic role.

  After receiving a positive answer, Archduke Albrecht nodded and added: "Secrecy work must be done well. These camps must be declared to the outside world as arsenals, and no unrelated personnel are allowed to approach.

  For safety reasons, the two countries will not be notified of the arrival of the armored troops for the time being.

  Our strategic goal this time is to retain most of the main force of the French army and destroy France's effective forces to the maximum extent.

  It's not easy to do this. Therefore, we must take advantage of the armored forces to catch the French by surprise.

  If the French react and shrink their main forces back home, this war will be difficult to fight. "

  This is a fact. It is much easier to fight the French on the banks of the Rhine than to fight them on the French mainland.

  Among other things, it will be much easier to defeat the troops after winning the war. The German people will not cover the French army. The soldiers ran away, and what greeted them was the encirclement network of the People's War.

  A slightly older officer asked doubtfully: "Marshal, are the armored forces really that powerful?

  With just over two hundred tanks and more than seven hundred armored vehicles, if you want to severely damage the main force of the French army, I'm afraid..."

  There is no way. The armored forces are subject to the strictest secrecy, even among the top brass of the Austrian army." Only the name is heard, but the form is not seen."

  Except for a few officers who had watched the armored force exercises, no one knew how powerful the torrent of steel was.

  Archduke Albrecht knew that this was not just a question of one person. Most people in the city expressed doubts about whether the armored forces could severely damage the French army.

  After all, the total strength of the French army on the opposite side was about to exceed two million. With such a small amount of armored forces scattered among the vast sea of ​​people, it was really not enough. .

  "Frederich, you are the commander of the armored forces. Now it is up to you to explain to everyone the combat methods of the armored forces!" "

  Nepotism is indispensable everywhere, and the Austrian army is no exception. The Habsburg family is the largest connected family.

  Including the rise of Archduke Albrecht, he also took advantage of this relationship. Otherwise, he would not have been so easy. After the death of Marshal Radeski, he became the first man in the Austrian army.

  Archduke Albrecht has never concealed his support for his nephew and heir to political resources.

  Of course, the most important thing is Frei Frederich is worthy of development. There are many members of the Habsburg family. If he did not have the ability, Albrecht would not be able to support him.

  In essence, the purpose of supporting Frederic is to strengthen the royal family's control over the army. control.

  This political and military structure has lasted for hundreds of years and is one of the important means to protect imperial power.

  For details, you can refer to the period of Ferdinand I. The emperor was unable to govern for decades, and the Habsburg dynasty The imperial power has not declined.

  This is also the reason why Franz was able to quickly control the situation after he came to power. Because from the beginning to the end, the army has not escaped from the control of the royal family.

  …

  (End of this chapter)


  Chapter 923 Core

  The armored force also has another name among the top brass of the Austrian army - "Heavy Cavalry".

  In the eyes of many people, this thing is a reinforcement plate for the cavalry, a true "steel cavalry".

  Including the use of armored forces, the Austrian military is also controversial. A considerable number of people believe that armored units can be used as cavalry.

  In a sense, this view is not unreasonable. Armored troops and cavalry do have many similarities.

  For example: they are all more expensive than infantry, they require greater logistics, and their movements are restricted when encountering severe ice and snow weather...

  Unfortunately, the banks of the Rhine River have long been covered with ice and snow, and the temperature may even drop when the temperature is at its lowest in the middle of the night. To ten degrees below zero.

  In such bad weather, if the car wants to start, the engine must be warmed up in advance, otherwise it will not start.

  In essence, armored troops are similar to cars, except that they require higher engine power.

  When faced with harsh weather, both are about the same. It's not that it can't be used, the key is that the failure rate is much higher in this weather.

  Austria's armored forces have a high failure rate. If they choose to operate in bad weather, the scene will be unimaginable.

  Fortunately, the winter in Central Europe does not last long, and the bad weather only lasts a few days, so it can be overcome by doing good maintenance.

  If the climate in Moscow were to be like hell, it is estimated that the armored forces would have to climb down one-fifth before the war started.

  It has long been not Archduke Albrecht's style to bite the bullet. As he grew older, Albrecht's military style became more stable.

  Not only Albrecht, but most of the top commanders of the Austrian army have a more stable style of military use.

  Those who like to take advantage of the situation and win by surprise are the only ones left who are middle- and lower-class young officers.

  There is no essential difference between the two styles of using troops. It's just that with the change of status, ideas and vision have also changed.

  In the military, a place where success depends on performance, when you are young and want to strive upward, only by taking risks can you overtake in corners and leave behind your peers.

  In fact, most of the top generals of the Austrian army used to like to take the wrong approach. It was by winning by surprise that they left behind their competitors and rose to prominence.

  Now it's just the status that has changed. Wealth, status, and status are all there. The era of starting a business is over, and when it comes to maintaining a business, sound thinking gradually takes over.

  Everything has two sides, and from a national perspective, this is definitely beneficial.

  In essence, any deviant behavior in the military is a gamble.

  The chips in the hands of middle- and lower-level officers are small. They only need tactical issues. Even if they lose hundreds and eighty times, Austria can still afford it.

  Besides, no one who can become an officer is a fool. Even if you take risks, you need to be somewhat sure before you act.

  Overall, the chance of winning will be greater. After all, the commander has weighed the risks and benefits before the gambling begins.

  Many times, the gain from winning once on the battlefield can offset the losses from dozens of defeats.

  To put it bluntly, the chips they took to risk were only a few thousand or eight hundred people at most. You can only lose so much, and the profit from winning the bet may be the victory of a battle.

  The same is not true for high-level military officers. They often determine the fate of tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, or even millions of troops. Any failure will hurt the vitality of the country.

  From another perspective, it is different from the standpoint of a personal soldier. Under this model, it is difficult for Austria to produce famous players.

  There is no way. Most of the famous generals praised by the mainstream public opinion in the outside world are those who take the wrong approach, win by surprise, and use the weak to defeat the strong.

  That kind of war that is upright, overwhelming, and won solely by comprehensive strength is taken for granted by everyone and is not recognized.

  This is very unfriendly to Austrian officers. Maybe when they were young, they still had such a record; but as their positions rose, everyone's records became more and more mediocre.

  In this respect, Archduke Albrecht was undoubtedly lucky.

  When I first debuted, I played the rebel dungeon, and then encountered the local chicken dungeon. I was automatically promoted to a famous general without much performance.

  Now that the European War has come, Franz has developed a bunch of black technology, giving him the opportunity to step on the French and become the new "God of War."

  After the military meeting, Albrecht left his nephew alone: ​​"Fredrich, you seemed to have something to say just now. Are you dissatisfied with my arrangements?"

  "Marshal, although the weather is bad now, it has not arrived yet. The armored forces are unable to perform their duties.

  We will launch a surprise attack tomorrow before the French can react. The armored forces can easily tear apart the French positions, and the entire army can definitely hit the French army hard.

  If it takes too long, the armored forces will I'm afraid it will be exposed and put the French on guard."

  The Austrian army attaches great importance to rules. The uncle and nephew can only be called uncle and nephew in private. The title of Archduke Albrecht in the headquarters is only - marshal.

  If you don't pay attention to rules, the relationship between European nobles is so complicated, and you will accidentally find that the military camp is full of relatives, which will directly make civilian officers despair.

  Although in fact nepotism has always played an important role, there is still a way. As long as you achieve military merit on the battlefield, you can rise faster than anyone else.

  This path is not only reserved for civilian officers, but is also the standard for promotion of noble officers.

  Don’t think that those with connections are powerful. When you are surrounded by those with connections, you will find that the ultimate competition is still about strength.

  There is no way, who made the tradition in Germany that everyone joins the army? All nobles in the country must serve in the army.

  Many families may not have many direct members, but there are definitely many collateral members without titles. If you include illegitimate children and the like, this group will be even larger.

  At this time, the so-called relationship background is actually not that important anymore. After the Austrian army completed its military reform, it did not have enough capabilities and no amount of resources could push it forward.

  The most typical example is Crown Prince Frederick. There is not much age difference between him and Frederick, and their resources, connections, and connections are all at the top.

  The latter was already a lieutenant general, but Crown Prince Frederick retired with the title of lieutenant colonel. It is estimated that this is the crown prince with the lowest military rank since Austria promoted military ranks.

  Of course, such a comparison to Frederick is very unfair. After all, the gap before and after the military reform was too big.

  Take Franz himself as an example. He was an Austrian officer when he first started breastfeeding, and he became a general before he reached adulthood. The water content is incomparable, and it is all water.

  By the time we got to Frederick, the good days of lying down and winning were over. The good old days of nursing and serving in the army are gone forever. After graduating from the military academy, you must start from the grassroots level like ordinary students.

  As the crown prince, Frederick could not stay in the army all the time, which affected his promotion.

  Coupled with luck, I perfectly missed the opportunity to go to the battlefield for gold plating. Without merit in battle, there was no hope of becoming a general, so he simply retired.

  After the outbreak of the European War, Lieutenant Colonel Frederick, who once again entered the military service, was still waiting for an opportunity on the southern front.

  Not only Crown Prince Frederick, but also several of his younger brothers are in a similar state now, scattered on various battlefields waiting for opportunities.

  Whether you can develop in the army still depends on your own abilities.

  This thing cannot be decided by external forces alone. If one's own ability is not good, even if it is pushed forward, there is no way to be convincing.

  In fact, Franz initially considered leaving this opportunity to Frederick.

  If the military rank is too low to serve as the commander of a group army, the worst it can do is lower the organizational level of the armored forces. For example, if a regiment has hundreds of tanks, all the armored forces will be organized into an armored division.

  It's just that it would be too ugly to do so, and Frederick's military command ability is unknown. No one knows whether he can control it. If the play fails, then you will shoot yourself in the foot.

  As the Crown Prince of Austria, Frederick only needed to follow the gold plating. There was no need to take this risk for a little prestige.

  In this context, the best opportunity to improve the record naturally fell to Friedrich, a member of the royal family who had already proven his ability.

  Archduke Albrecht shook his head and said seriously: "Fredrich, you think too simply.

  Although the coalition forces have assembled 1.78 million troops on the Rhine River, nearly one million of them are They were troops from Belgium and Germany.

  When they were defending, they were just fine. But if they really dropped their defenses and went out to fight the French in the field, who knows what would happen?

  Even if the armored forces could tear the French positions apart, they could even further divide them. Even if they were broken into several pieces, we wouldn’t be able to eat them, and we might even choke to death. The

  domestic meaning is to kill and injure the French army as much as possible. The purpose of this war from the beginning is to kill as many enemies as possible.

  It will be delayed until the ice and snow melt. , not only to make it easier for the armored forces to deploy, but more importantly to gather troops.

  Of course, waiting for the winner to be determined on the Egyptian battlefield is also a key factor.

  According to the domestic plan, the first place to start this war is the Egyptian battlefield. Then comes us, and finally the southern front.

  This is the strategy that will inflict the greatest damage to the French.

  After establishing the established fact of occupying Egypt, and then fighting all the way to Paris, even if it attracts the intervention of European countries, we will also disintegrate the French. The colonial empire of France took control of the Suez Canal.

  After losing its African colonies, France's pillars were missing. It would be difficult to recover for decades.

  As for the exposure of the armored forces, this was expected. Such a large It is simply impossible to keep the news secret.

  Even if the French receive the news, they don’t know what the armored forces do. Maybe the French will think that it is to put a layer of steel plate on the outside of the car.

  Remember , Friedrich. You are different from ordinary commanders. They can think about problems purely militaryly, but you must consider politics.

  Most of the time, the military serves politics.

  In order to alleviate our future problems, With the pressure on the Western Front, it is not enough to simply defeat the French. We must inflict heavy losses on France.

  All the current government strategies revolve around the core of inflicting heavy losses on France.

  As long as this strategic purpose can be achieved, the battlefield will be divided one day earlier. There is not much difference between deciding the winner or losing one day later."

  ...

  (End of this chapter)

Eat at the Enemy-69 Book Bar

  Chapter 924: Feeding on the enemy

  In front of nature, human beings are fragile. The Battle of the Rhine continued, but the intensity of the war was limited by heavy snow.

  It wasn't that the attacking French army didn't work hard, it was just that the ice and snow weather was too annoying. Not only does it affect the frontline offensive, it also increases the difficulty of logistical transportation.

  Even if two million troops do nothing, they consume an astronomical number of supplies every day, not to mention they are still fighting?

  Facts have once again proved that fighting deep into enemy territory is not that simple.

  Yes, Belgium and the Rhineland are areas with convenient transportation and complete railway networks. The problem is that the roads were destroyed when the coalition forces retreated!

  Destruction is always easier than construction. After occupying these areas, the first thing the French army did was to repair roads.

  After more than a month of hard work, the highway is basically back to normal and the railway is almost repaired. It was about to be completed, but unfortunately it snowed again.

  Bad weather affecting logistics transportation has become the French army's biggest challenge at the moment, even more troublesome than the Austrian army's machine gun trenches.

  After all, no matter how powerful the machine gun trench tactics are, they can only be defended on the spot. With today's technology, it is not possible to charge with a machine gun.

  It can block the French army's path forward, but it cannot threaten the lifeblood of the French army. Logistics is different. If something goes wrong, the two million French troops will be in danger.

  Looking out the window, Marshal Patrice McMahon sighed. This war broke out too hastily, and France was not prepared at all.

  Who could have imagined that the huge French Empire didn't even have enough military uniforms for winter? Finally, the citizens had to be mobilized to donate cotton-padded clothes, which barely solved the problem of keeping the soldiers warm.

  It's not that France's industry is not strong. As the world's second largest textile industry, as long as there are sufficient raw materials, millions of sets of winter clothes can be produced in a month.

  The problem lies in the raw materials. Seventy percent of the raw materials for the French cotton textile industry come from Egypt. Once the war broke out, cotton production in Egypt was finished.

  Such a big gap is not so easy to solve. Even if you want to buy it from the international market, you can't find enough supply.

  You must know that cotton is a common commodity like food these days. Most producers have fixed partners. If you want to win over love, you need to pay a big price.

  Capitalists do not have such a strong sense of the overall situation. When they are not sure whether the war will continue, they invest huge sums of money to rob cotton. The benefits and risks are completely disproportionate.

  You must know that the French are very optimistic about this war. Mainstream public opinion generally believes that the French army will win within two to three months.

  In such a short period of time, you can rely on inventory to survive, and there is no need to invest huge sums of money to take risks.

  Theoretically, if no one is hoarding, and with reasonable distribution, France will not be short of supplies now.

  There is no way, nothing in the world can compare with the greatest benefit. After the war broke out, prices continued to rise. Every day, there was a new price.

  No one has trouble with money. In this context, the bureaucratic efficiency of the Paris government will naturally not be high.

  The speed of raising supplies in the early stage was too slow, which directly caused the French army to fail to deliver enough supplies to the front line before winter came. When heavy snowfall occurred, the transportation efficiency was greatly reduced, and problems arose.

  "Marshal, due to the heavy snow, the transport convoy that was supposed to arrive in Trier today has just arrived in Trier and is expected to be delayed by a week.

  This is the third time this month that supplies have been delayed, starting with the snowfall. , our supplies never arrived on time."

  Major General John, who was in charge of the French army's logistics and transportation, reported with a bitter look on his face.

  Compared with the fat men responsible for logistics distribution, those responsible for logistics and transportation have a much harder time. Not only do they have to build roads by themselves, they also have to face guerrilla attacks, and now they have to fight against bad weather .

  If it was just this, that would be it. The worst that could happen would be to suffer a little bit. Anyway, there would be a lot of oil and water transported, which would be enough to make up for everyone's hurt hearts.

  The problem is that the people responsible for transportation below are not so obedient. If the task is too heavy, they will go on strike. After all, no matter how rich the money is, it will never fall to them.

  There was no other way. Recruiting local laborers or using prisoners of war was too risky, and there was no telling when they would hook up with the guerrillas. Even if they don't collude with the guerrillas, the French army can't stand the passive sabotage.

  For the sake of logistical safety, the civilians responsible for transportation are all their own people. Once these people get into trouble, the officers can only appease them.

  After receiving this bad news, Patrice McMahon frowned and made secret calculations.

  Not long after the French army pushed the front line to the Rhine River, it suffered heavy losses from enemy air attacks from time to time, and its reserves of supplies were very limited.

  Since the snowfall, the French army's supplies have been unable to make ends meet. Even if the intensity of frontline firefights and material consumption decrease in the recent period, it will not last long.

  There is no way, the consumption of ammunition has decreased, but the consumption of heating materials has increased. It is true that the Rhineland produced coal, but the German troops blew up the coal mines before withdrawing, and it would take time to restore production capacity.

  The most important thing is that the local people are unwilling to cooperate. Under the trend of the power of hatred, the local people simply do not buy the French army's account.

  This war has just begun, and it is far from time to decide the winner. Even the capitalists who are accustomed to adapting to the wind are not in a hurry to take sides. Only a handful of people have gone to the French so early.

  After a while, Patrice McMahon slowly said: "Generate electricity domestically, explain the difficulties we are facing, and ask the Army Department to increase the number of transportation teams. Order the

  Logistics Department to give priority to transporting ammunition and medicine. Let's think about other supplies. Find ways to raise funds locally to reduce our logistical pressure."

  Raising supplies on the spot is definitely not a good idea. The relationship between the French army and the local authorities was already tense. If this happens again, it will be difficult for the guerrillas to develop.

  "Marshal, when the enemy retreated, they destroyed the place very badly. They not only blew up the infrastructure, but also burned down the material warehouses.

  The industry in Belgium and the Rhineland is indeed good, but without industrial raw materials, there is no way to achieve it. supplies.

  Especially since the local area does not produce much food and mainly relies on imports from Austria. Due to the war, food trade has been interrupted for almost a month.

  Local food prices have skyrocketed and social order has deteriorated sharply. At this time, we will go to levy Food, I'm afraid..."

  Seeing Patrice McMahon's face getting increasingly ugly, Lieutenant General Albert decisively chose to shut up.

  Everyone knows the problem, but the French army is about to run out of food. No matter how serious the consequences are, Patrice McMahon has no choice now.

  After looking at each other, General Oudinot knew that it was time to take the blame.

  He has too many debts to weigh him down. The previous defeat has already ruined his reputation, and he doesn't care about another infamy.

  By taking more blame, you can also sell more favors. During the post-war liquidation, you will have someone to help you speak, so that you can avoid having to go to a military court.

  "Your Excellency Lieutenant General, the problem cannot be viewed this way. After the war broke out, the local residents were not completely unprepared.

  As far as I know, when the enemy retreated, they did not burn all the supplies, and a large part of the food was distributed to the local people. It is not a big problem for us to borrow part of the food for emergencies.

  In addition to food, many of the materials we need can be raised locally, such as coal.

  As long as everyone is willing to work hard, I believe it will not be difficult to restore the coal mines. There is insufficient labor , we can still use prisoners of war.

  Set a task for them. If they fail to complete it, they will starve. I believe they will compromise.

  Just try to raise other supplies as much as possible. If it is not enough, we will find a way to transport it from the country.

  If you are worried that the situation will get out of control, then drive the locals to the opposite side, which will consume the enemy's supplies."

  Oudinot just said what everyone wanted to do but did not dare to do. Expelling the locals is not a big problem from a purely military perspective, but the political consequences are very serious.

  This is the European continent, not a remote colony. Once the French army expels millions of locals, it will inevitably trigger public outrage.

  Especially for many small European countries, if the French can do this to Belgium and the Rhineland today, similar things may happen to them tomorrow.

  Whether it is because of grief over the death of a rabbit or a fox, or for their own safety, these small countries will stand on the opposite side of France.

  Patrice McMahon was silent. Starting from the implementation of the plan to eat the enemy, the final result was the same whether the locals were driven out or not.

  People are like iron rice and steel. If they don't eat one meal, they will be hungry. Without food in their hands, even if these locals wanted to stay, it would be impossible for them to do so.

  Escape is a matter of time, it is nothing more than a matter of direction. France is definitely out of the question, and the refugees are either fleeing to Switzerland, the Netherlands, or to the German Confederation.

  The French army's expulsion was simply to allow the refugees who might have flowed into Switzerland and the Netherlands to enter the German Confederation, increasing the pressure on the anti-French alliance.

  They are all their own people. The French army can not help the refugees, but the coalition forces cannot sit idly by.

  Suddenly adding millions of mouths to eat, no matter how big the Anti-French Alliance is, it is still enough for them.

  　Haiyue is preparing for the exam and can only update weekly????

  (End of this chapter)


  Chapter 925: The Wave of Refugees

  At the beginning of a new day, heavy snow was still flying all over the sky. Generally speaking, in such weather, neither the coalition nor the French army will launch an attack.

  Captain Hoeg, who was patrolling, did not dare to take it lightly. The absence of a large-scale attack did not mean that a small-scale attack would not occur.

  Captain Guang Hoeg's 25th Division was attacked seven times by the French army in just half a month, causing hundreds of casualties.

  Of course, the coalition forces also organized many retaliatory counterattacks. Generally speaking, there was a win or loss for each other, and the Austrian army also took a slight advantage.

  Against the biting cold wind, Captain Hoeg sneezed, and an ominous premonition suddenly arose.

  "Cheer up, be careful not to get shot by the French."

  The battlefield is the best teacher, and experience is gained slowly. I don't know since when both warring parties fell in love with sniper games.

  Four to five hundred meters away, three or five soldiers with good marksmanship were ambushed, and they carried out sneak attacks on the enemy patrols, even if they were not afraid of the entire platoon.

  Subject to the accuracy of firearms, those who can hit more than 30% at a distance of two hundred meters are elite soldiers.

  At a distance of four to five hundred meters, except for sharpshooters, ordinary soldiers relied entirely on luck and could not achieve effective killing at all.

  The soldiers in ambush will fight if they can win, and run away if they can't. In recent times, most of the casualties on both sides of the war have come from this.

  "Don't worry, Captain. The terrain here is flat, and you can have a panoramic view of the situation three to five miles away. There is no way to hide people.

  You see, there is a vast expanse of white in front of you. It doesn't look like anyone is passing by at all, unless the French arrive in the middle of the night. Ambush in the snow."

  The person who replied was a middle-aged veteran who was demobilized and returned to the army after the war broke out. It can be seen from everyone's eyes that his status in the patrol team is not low.

  The military worships the strong, and being respected is naturally due to ability. There is no exception here. The middle-aged veteran is respected by everyone. Naturally, he has rich combat experience and has won military medals.

  Almost all Austrian army companies will have such veterans, and the value of their existence is to impart battlefield experience.

  Captain Hoeg took out his binoculars and glanced ahead. After confirming that there were no traces of pedestrians, he breathed a sigh of relief.

  There is no such thing as an overnight ambush. The temperature in the middle of the night is more than ten degrees below zero. In the ice and snow without any heating facilities, it will be fatal.

  As for digging holes and setting up bunkers, that only exists in divine dramas. It is simply impossible in reality. Frozen soil is not easy to dig. How can it be dug out quietly overnight?

  Just as he was about to put down the telescope, a looming figure suddenly appeared in the distance, and Captain Hoeg's expression suddenly became serious.

  "Send signal, the enemy has appeared."

  The distance is too far, and you can only see roughly through the telescope. Although it was unreasonable for the French army to launch an attack in such weather, the battlefield was not an unreasonable place.

  Captain Hoeg attended a military academy, and countless classic battles told him that classic battles were won by breaking routines.

  Just because it's not feasible in theory doesn't mean it won't happen in reality. For the French army, it is disadvantageous to launch an attack in ice and snow, but it is not completely without benefits.

  In such horrible weather, the Austrian army's planes and airships can only rest at home without worrying about threats from the sky.

  The mission of the patrol team is to discover enemy traces and report them in time. After noticing something unusual, Captain Hoeg naturally wanted to report it.

  "Captain, are you sure it's the French army? It's not good for the French to launch an attack now. You know, fighting in this kind of horrible weather, the casualties of soldiers will be very high!" In

  normal times, soldiers were injured, but when the corpses were collected in the evening, they were still injured. You can take the wounded back for treatment.

  This kind of ice and snow weather is different. If the wounded lie in the snow for several hours, the wounds will have been frozen and cause problems, greatly reducing the possibility of recovery.

  Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge knows that the number of wounded on the battlefield is usually several times that of dead soldiers, and it may even be more than ten times.

  If these wounded cannot be rescued, the battle damage will suddenly increase. France is not a country with a large population, and they cannot bear such losses.

  Hoeg shook his head: "Lieutenant Hans, do you think that in this horrible weather, besides the French, there will be people running towards us in groups?

  Don't forget, this is war time. Here again This is the battlefield where we are fighting the French army. I don’t think any normal person would think twice and come here to die!”

  There are no eyes for guns and artillery on the battlefield, and there is no innocent person in front of the two armies. If you come to join in the fun, your death will be in vain.

  The nearby residents had already fled, and no one was left to be bombed. Captain Hoeg directly ruled out the possibility that it was the people.

  The middle-aged man Hans shook his head: "No, Captain. Don't forget that the mines and factories in the Rhineland have closed down. After losing their livelihood, ordinary people will not be able to hold on for long. The French must

  protect this icy and snowy weather. Our own logistics are difficult, and relief is simply impossible.

  Based on past experience, every war will produce a large number of refugees. For example, in the last Near East War, we created a large number of refugees for the Ottoman Empire."

  It can be seen that, It's not that Lieutenant Hans has strong analytical skills, it's mainly because he has personally participated in it, and the impression in his mind is too deep.

  There are ready-made successful cases, and the French have no reason not to follow suit. As for the sequelae, this is what Lieutenant Hans can consider.

  After hearing this explanation, Captain Hoeg gave up his plan to withdraw immediately. Anyway, the distance between the two sides was still far, so it didn't matter if he stayed a little longer.

  "Stop sending out the signal, and the scouts will go up one kilometer to observe and first determine whether the team in front is the French army."

  The consequences of making a mistake on the battlefield are very serious. It would be another tragedy if the refugees were mistaken for the enemy and greeted directly with a cannon fire.

  Captain Hoeg has a conscience and does not want to direct a tragedy himself.

  ...

  At the Allied Forces Command, the senior leaders of the three-nation coalition forces in Bideo gathered together.

  Archduke Albrecht said with a cautious face: "Everyone, I just received news from the front line that the refugee wave is coming to us.

  Unlike the scattered refugees before, the number of refugees this time may be as high as nearly ten million. We The pressure is very high.

  Various signs indicate that this time it is the French who are creating artificial famine and forcing people to leave. The

  French are now at the end of their skills and have no way to defeat us on the battlefield, so they are trying to use this despicable method to bring us down. ."

  The Austrian officers were okay, but the officers of the two countries were immediately frightened, especially Leopold II who attended the meeting, who was even more panicked.

  On the surface, a large number of refugees will consume the coalition's supplies and increase the logistical pressure on the anti-French alliance.

  If analyzed at a deeper level, this is the prelude to France's complete annexation of Belgium and the Rhineland. With all the locals gone, there was no way to stop the French from occupying these areas.

  As long as the French government settles a group of immigrants on it, the de facto annexation will be completed. Even after the war, all European countries intervened together, and there was no way to restore Belgium. After all, they were all French.

  Similar tactics were used during Austria's annexation of the Ottoman Empire. By the time the European governments reacted and wanted to intervene, the Ottomans had almost left.

  As a result, European countries had no way to send the Ottomans back from Russia, and in the end they could only watch Austria annex the Ottomans.

  After reacting, Leopold II made a decisive decision: "Marshal, we must rescue the refugees no matter what."

  There is no way, the basic base of Leopold II's rule in Belgium has now become refugees.

  A country exists because of its people, and a country depends on its talents. If Leopold II wanted to restore his country, he had to protect these refugees.

  Otherwise, after a famine, Belgium, which already has a small population, will be completely desolate.

  To relieve the refugees, it is better to look to Austria than to the anti-French alliance.

  There are many members of the anti-French alliance, but only Austria, the world's largest exporter of agricultural products, is truly capable of relieving refugees. Only Austria, the world's largest exporter of agricultural products, can provide so much food.

  Archduke Albrecht nodded: "Of course, relieving refugees is what the Alliance should do. But how to do so is a problem.

  Belgium and the Rhineland have a total population of more than 11 million. Even if it is because The local population has declined due to the war, and it will not be less than 10 million.

  Now that the French have taken action, they will definitely not make a fuss. If nothing else happens, the number of refugees we will accept is about 9 million to 1,000. Between 10,000 and 10,000 people.

  It is not easy to solve the problem of so many people eating, drinking, sleeping, eating, drinking, sleeping, sleeping, etc. Proper resettlement must be carried out, otherwise there will be big trouble. Fortunately

  , the refugees did not come on the same day, and we can still carry out treatment on the refugees. Evacuate."

  "Evacuate" is obviously not as simple as it sounds. As the saying goes, it is easy to evacuate but difficult to gather. Once these refugees are dispersed and resettled, it is not so easy to bring them back.

  Regardless of whether it is an ally or not, if it can become a member of the great powers, Austria will naturally not be a vegetarian.

  With so much high-quality labor, once Austria eats it, it will be difficult for them to spit it out.

  A sentence of "freedom to stay or leave" can stop everyone's mouths and make everyone have to suffer this dumb loss.

  Not to mention keeping everyone, it is still possible to keep half of the people. Only those who have experienced war know the value of peace.

  It is too dangerous to be a neighbor to France, and a small country like Belgium is too insecure. If you can get a better life in Austria, why leave?

  This is still based on the fact that Austria wants to lose face. It would be even more troublesome if the Vienna government deliberately set up some obstacles to prevent the refugees from leaving.

  Leopold II hurriedly objected: "Marshal, this is not good! As long as we win this war, the refugees will still have to return home.

  Considering everyone's hometown sentiment and the convenience of returning home in the future, I propose to establish a refugee camp nearby Camp, resettle the refugees."

  It's impossible not to step out. The German Federation is a mess, and the Rhineland does not belong to any state. It is impossible for the state representatives present to step forward.

  Self-interest is not involved. For the representatives of each state, as long as Austria is sure to provide money and food to resettle these refugees, other issues are easy to discuss.

  Archduke Albrecht shook his head: "Your Majesty, in principle, I support your proposal, but the problem is that we simply can't do it.

  Just to maintain the coalition's operational needs, the logistics pressure is already very high. It is simply impossible to add nearly 10 million refugees now.

  After all, refugees need to be clothed and fed. With so many people consuming tens of thousands of tons of supplies every day, we simply cannot satisfy them.

  If we don’t want to Seeing a large number of refugees freezing to death and starving to death, the only way is to send them to the rear and disperse them for resettlement.

  In fact, it is very stressful for us to disperse and resettle so many people in a short period of time."

  It’s not that I don’t know, it’s just that I was shocked. Everyone present became uneasy when they heard that tens of thousands of tons of supplies were consumed every day.

  Although not everyone is good at mathematics and can calculate it immediately, everyone can be sure that Archduke Albrecht cannot lie on this issue.

  Leopold II's face darkened. Deep down in his heart, he wanted to object, but the cruel reality really made him despair.

  No amount of reasons is worth a set of cold numbers. If the material problem cannot be solved, Austria's suggestions can only be accepted.

  As for the future, we can only look forward to what the person from the Vienna Palace will do. Now Belgium has lost its bargaining qualifications.

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 926: A jaw-dropping strategy.

  After receiving the news of the outbreak of the refugee wave in the Vienna Palace, Franz was completely confused.

  There is no way, this news is really shocking. You must know that Belgium and the Rhineland are the heart of Europe, not insignificant backwaters.

  It is conceivable that once this news spreads, all the diplomatic efforts made by the French government will be in vain. Including their allies, the British, will also look at the Paris government differently.

  After playing politics for many years, Franz's heart has become very strong and he recovered quickly.

  "Is the news confirmed? The refugee wave is really because the French are expelling local residents, not because of the war." The creation

  of refugees due to war and the expulsion of local people are two completely different concepts. The former is inevitable, while the latter is a clear indication of French ambition.

  Don't look at the fact that this war broke out because the French wanted to seize territory west of the Rhine. In fact, the French government had never admitted that it wanted to annex these areas.

  Expansion on the European continent these days will not only arouse public ridicule and diplomatic hostility, but is also a political taboo.

  The legal basis is an unavoidable hurdle. Destroying this thing is equivalent to shaking up the European political system. Breaking the rules will inevitably lead to backlash from the rules.

  The reason why the French started this war was that soldiers were missing. There are really not too many similar excuses for war on the European continent. A war can break out over a jar of honey, let alone a missing soldier?

  There is no public display of ambition, it is done quietly. Everyone can pretend to be confused while knowing clearly, and all countries are happy to fight between France and Austria.

  Many politicians are working in secret, waiting for both France and Austria to suffer losses before jumping out to pick peaches and restore the continental balance system.

  If the French do this, the situation will be different. Especially for small countries, the lid has been lifted. If they don't do something and big countries follow suit, how can they survive?

  Of course, these are all theoretical. In a way, politics is a bitch. In this age of the jungle, as long as you are strong, all problems are not a problem.

  Prime Minister Karl replied gloomily: "The news has been verified. The French army carried out devastating plunder on the people in the occupied areas, robbed the locals of their food, burned their houses, and forced the locals to leave. In addition, the

  French army It also blocked the ports in Belgium and the roads to Switzerland and the Netherlands, seemingly preparing to expel all the refugees. According

  to intelligence from inside sources, the French army had a logistics problem and was unable to supply the front-line troops. The reason was that the coalition forces Before the evacuation, local roads and bridges were destroyed, and granaries and supplies were burned.

  If the war continues, the French government will not only support the frontline troops, but also solve the problem of feeding tens of millions of local people, which is far more than The scope of the French's capabilities was exceeded.

  Then, someone proposed a plan to expel the locals. Except for a few traitors who defected to the French, almost all the people were within the scope of the expulsion.

  If nothing else happens, we may receive nearly all the locals. Tens of millions of refugees, far exceeding the government's previous plan."

  After hearing this explanation, Franz had to believe it. This is no longer a question of whether the French want to do it, but they must do it.

  How can we solve the problem of food without expelling the locals?

  There are tens of millions of people in the local area. Once the private grain reserves are exhausted, the French government will have to find a way to support them. Otherwise, these people will rebel if they get hungry.

  Food is only a short-term problem, and there will be bigger troubles later. If you look at the Italian region, you will know that after all these years, the area is still not completely stable.

  It is so difficult to assimilate the Italians, but it is even more difficult to assimilate the Germans, who have strong folk customs.

  The former has no country now and all its problems are internal; the latter is different. Even if France wins this war, it is impossible to kill Austria.

  Since it cannot be digested, leaving these people behind is no longer a wealth, but a heavy burden.

  Whether from the perspective of short-term needs or long-term strategy, these locals are a potential threat to France.

  Rather than leaving these hidden dangers behind, it is better to expel them and cause more trouble for the enemy.

  Facts have proved that the French operation was successful. Although many preparations have been made, Austria is not ready to welcome so many refugees.

  It is always easier to create trouble than to solve it. The French army did not need to worry about civilian losses and simply and rudely expelled the locals. One month was enough.

  In contrast, when it comes to resettling these people in Austria, the situation is completely different.

  Not to mention a month, even within a year, it is not an easy task to accommodate so many people.

  The Vienna government has rich experience in resettlement, but it does not have the ability to resettle nearly 10 million people in a short period of time.

  Especially since the sea route is currently blocked, Austrian ships can only move in the Eastern Mediterranean, which makes resettlement even more difficult.

  It is certain that due to the refugee flow, the anti-French alliance will lose its initiative in the Central European battlefield for a long time to come.

  "Now that the matter is over, let's do a good job in refugee resettlement first! Since the French have taken action, we have to take over. The

  refugees are not all old, weak, women and children. Arrange some young people to maintain roads and reduce the number of domestically recruited laborers.

  From now on . From Central Europe to Africa, tens of thousands of kilometers of railways and roads should be able to accommodate many people. No matter what, we must give the refugees a job and not let them idle.

  These refugees have similar cultural traditions to ours, and they should not be able to integrate It's difficult. How many of these people can stay after the war depends on everyone's ability.

  As long as one-fifth can be left, our current investment will not be lost.

  The Ministry of Foreign Affairs must also take action to expose the atrocities of the French to the world and call on all European countries to boycott them. "

  The resettlement strategy is very simple, but it is a bit expensive. However, compared with the accompanying benefits, Franz is still willing to be the scapegoat.

  Of course, this is based on the premise that Austria is not short of food. No matter how many refugees there are, there is no need to worry. It’s a matter of eating, otherwise this piece of meat will be poisonous.

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Your Majesty, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has taken action, but the result may not be too optimistic.

  The French's approach will certainly arouse the hostility of European countries, but it also affects us. Judging from the current situation, it is not only France but also us who may annex the German region and Belgium.

  The French have created opportunities. After the war, the Rhineland and Belgium had few people at all, and it could even be said to be a no-man's land.

  As long as we win this war, there will be enough reasons to annex the above-mentioned areas. Because of historical reasons, the difficulty for us to annex these areas is much lower than that for the French.

  It is estimated that at this time, the vigilance of European countries towards us has also risen to a new height.

  In this context, most of the sanctions adopted by European countries against the French are loud and clear. The French should have calculated this accurately before taking action. "

  Explanation is impossible. In a sense, explanation is a cover-up. No matter how the Vienna government explains, no one will believe it.

  Moreover, the annexation of the German region was originally within the scope of the plan. In order to complete this plan, the Vienna government We have been working hard for decades.

  If anyone dares to give up, the public will bury him.

  As for Belgium, it is indeed not within the plans of the Vienna government, and Franz is not interested in Belgium.

  But alone Promising not to annex Belgium may not only have no effect, but will expose the plan to annex the German region.

  Although almost everyone knows about this plan, speaking it out and doing it quietly are completely different concepts. Many things in politics are It can only be done, not said.

  In this context, all the Austrian government can do is pretend not to know. It can neither admit nor deny, and let the outside world make up their own minds. If

  its international image is not good, it will ignore competition. The opponent was brought to the same level as himself. Faced with such a helpless move, Franz could only sigh.

  "Do your best. Anyway, the key to determining the outcome of this war is still on the battlefield.

  As long as Britain and Russia do not participate in the war, even if other countries want to intervene in this war, they will be unable to do so.

  Since the refugee flow has delayed our decisive battle, the next stage of the battle plan will be delayed on the European battlefield and the focus of the counterattack will be on the African continent.

  The era of horse racing on the African continent has long ended. Now there is an opportunity to redistribute interests. This opportunity must not be missed. "

  I don't know since when, the world has become popular in reasoning based on established facts. For the great powers, as long as they create established facts, they can basically eat the meat. After

  seizing French Africa, the decline of France will be It has become a foregone conclusion. Even if Napoleon is reborn, there is nothing he can do to save it.

  Prime Minister Karl reminded: "Your Majesty, the sudden strategic focus may not be good! "

  A national strategy affects the whole country. Once it is formulated, it is almost impossible to make drastic strategic adjustments.

  Especially this unconventional strategy of first Africa and then Europe is simply refreshing the European world. Three views.

  ...

  　There is no need to worry about eunuchs. Normal updates will resume after the test is over. It is now a weekly update.

  (End of this chapter)

Dead Taoist Friends Are Not Dead but Poor Taoists-69 Book Bar

  Chapter 927: A dead Taoist friend does not die a poor Taoist.

  Due to the shift in Austria's strategic focus, the confusing situation on the Central European battlefield suddenly became clear.

  The coalition forces, which were originally eager to counterattack, are now completely on the defensive. It seemed that they were being held back by the refugee flow, and no matter how provocative the French army was, they could not get out.

  There are planes + airships in the sky, and trenches and barbed wire + machine guns on the ground. The French army is very helpless in the face of such an enemy.

  Attack, the price you need to pay is too high, and it is difficult to achieve satisfactory results.

  After all, trenches have no technical content. Breaking through one trench will lead to the next. Simply filling it with infantry is irresponsible for the safety of the soldiers.

  Although as long as the war can be won, no matter how heavy the casualties are, it is worth it; the problem is that the Battle of the Rhine is just a microcosm of the European War.

  If this battle is lost, France will be completely doomed; if this battle is won, there will be another battle. If you open the map, you will know that if France wants to win the war, it cannot hope to make the anti- French alliance surrendered without fighting three or five battles.

  If we use up all our wealth here, how can we fight the war later? Any commander knows that winning first does not mean winning. Only the final victor is the real winner.

  On one side were the front lines that had been unable to be broken through, and on the other side were the casualties that were accumulating every day. Marshal Patrice McMahon in the headquarters only felt a lot of pressure.

  "Have the anti-aircraft weapons been transported?"

  The only one holding the coalition's defensive line is the Army. The Air Force, which has an absolute advantage, still comes out to check in from time to time every day. Whether it is bombs falling from the sky or flying bullets, they are a big trouble for the French army.

  Simply calculate the results of an airship or an airplane is inconspicuous, but once this unit is enlarged a hundred times, the situation will be different.

  Even if the record of a single aircraft dispatch is only one, for the French army, that is hundreds of casualties every day, which is not a small number over time.

  In particular, the blow to military morale is even more difficult to make up for. In order to get out of this predicament as soon as possible, Marshal Patrice McMahon immediately requested domestic anti-aircraft weapons.

  Regardless of the fact that airships have been put into military use earlier than expected, various countries have developed air defense weapons in advance. In fact, the power of anti-aircraft weapons these days is still very limited.

  Except for the role of anti-aircraft artillery, other anti-aircraft weapons have been designed to add comedy since their birth.

  For example: the legendary anti-aircraft rifle.

  Theoretically, this specially developed anti-aircraft rifle has a maximum range of up to several thousand meters and can pose a threat to enemies in the sky.

  As for the actual combat effect, it is very regrettable that for so long since the European War broke out, the French army did not use this thing to shoot down a plane or airship.

  Maybe it hit the target, but unfortunately it just didn't fall. There is no way. The power of bullets these days is too small. The ability to fly thousands of meters does not mean that the lethality is also thousands of meters. Unless the enemy is flying at low altitude, it is useless at all.

  The anti-aircraft machine guns that have been widely circulated in later generations are like myths in this era. The Maxim machine guns are all new equipment. We can't let soldiers shoot into the sky with Gatling guns, right?

  Compared with the black technology responsible for comedy, artillery is more powerful. Although the hit rate is pitiful, as long as it hits, the result can basically be achieved.

  "The anti-aircraft weapons have been shipped here, but, Marshal, I'm afraid these few hundred anti-aircraft artillery..."

  There is no way. The two million French army relies on hundreds of anti-aircraft artillery to ensure the safety above their heads. No matter how they are allocated, it is impossible. Do it.

  In order to compete for the ownership of these anti-aircraft artillery, the French army was almost fighting within the army, which gave Lieutenant General Amedet in charge of logistics a very headache.

  Patrice McMahon nodded thoughtfully: "The number of anti-aircraft artillery is insufficient. There is no need to allocate it to the troops for the time being. Let's concentrate it first and act together with the artillery.

  The enemy is in the sky and it is impossible to distinguish it so clearly. Then let the others Just clamp the artillery together and fire to scare them.

  As long as the enemy does not bomb at low altitudes, the losses caused to us will be within the tolerable range.

  You must know that the cost of dispatching the air force is not low. The results achieved by harassing us at high altitudes are probably It’s not enough for their gas money.

  Isn’t it said in China that the production of fighter jets has already started, and the problem will be solved in a while.

  For now, it is better to speed up the progress, and try to create more refugees and increase the enemy’s logistics before the international community intervenes. Pressure."

  This is a fact. From a purely economic calculation, the cost-effectiveness of high-altitude bombing is indeed low.

  Hundreds of tons of ammunition every day, plus hundreds of tons of fuel, and a large maintenance cost, just to achieve the result of annihilating 180 enemy people, is definitely a loss of blood.

  War is all about money. If we fail to achieve results, no one will be able to withstand it as time goes by, and the frequency of bombings will naturally drop.

  No, to be precise, the Austrian army's bombing frequency has dropped. Most of the time, the airships are harassed by aircraft, and the frequency of airship dispatches is getting less and less.

  The reason is naturally logistics. The emergence of the refugee wave forced the Austrian army to save ammunition and reduce logistics consumption as much as possible.

  The airship units originally used to bomb the French army are now taking on more logistical transportation tasks. Hundreds of airships fly between the two places every day to ensure sufficient supplies for the front line.

  The cost is so high that it has long been out of the Vienna government's consideration. Austria is now using water, air and water to transport supplies to the front line.

  As for the international interference that Patrice McMahon is worried about, it is actually completely obsessed with the authorities. The French government is scaring itself.

  Countries that have the ability to intervene in the European war do not want to interfere. Moreover, they are still engaged in a "friendly match" and cannot stop for a while.

  The remaining countries that want to intervene in the European war do not have enough strength. Apart from shouting, they have no substantial ability to intervene.

  ...

  Once the battlefield in China and Europe is stabilized, the African continent will become lively. Austria went all out and the effect was naturally extraordinary.

  In just half a month, the Vienna government deployed seventeen divisions of reinforcements to the Egyptian battlefield, which completely put the French army, which was already at a disadvantage, into a passive position.

  Looking at the pile of telegrams for help in front of him, Governor Jacob had no time to reply, and a new piece of bad news came.

  As the Austrian army launched a full-scale offensive on the African continent, the Algerian region in the rear has now become the front line. The Algerian colonial government withheld reinforcements originally planned to reinforce the Egyptian region.

  "Damn Anatole idiot, can't you have some brains? Once Egypt falls, we will be completely passive in this war..." Not

  only Governor Jacob was cursing, but everyone present, regardless of their faction, , at this moment they all showed the same hatred and hatred.

  According to the plan, after the French army completes its strategic contraction on the African continent, there will be 300,000 reinforcements to reinforce the Egyptian theater.

  Although these troops are not the main force and their combat effectiveness is not much better than the indigenous troops, it is better to have reinforcements than no reinforcements.

  Even if it cannot reverse the current battlefield situation, it can at least sustain the Egyptian war zone for a longer period of time. For everyone, as long as they can persist until the end of the European war, it is a great victory.

  It's a pity that all this has become a dream now. Without reinforcements, these defeated soldiers in Egypt simply cannot hold on for long.

  Lieutenant General Artier, who was in charge of the Suez defense line, said indignantly: "Your Excellency, Governor, complain to the country! If everyone imitates the Algerian colonial government's reckless behavior and disregards the overall situation, who can defend France?"

  Don't rush, the enemy is already there. After crossing the Suez Canal, if it were not for the fortresses, the canal defenses would have collapsed long ago.

  Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge knows that once the Suez Canal defense line collapses, the flat delta in the rear cannot be defended at all.

  Forget about the fall of Egypt, the key is that the Suez Canal has completely fallen into the hands of the enemy. Even if the canal was damaged and it took time to repair, the overall strategic passivity was still caused.

  The Austrian Empire, which spans Europe, Asia and Africa, is absolutely terrifying. Even if France wins the European War, it can't do anything about this monster.

  ...

  In the Palace of Versailles, before the telegram of protest from the Egyptian governor came, Napoleon IV was angered by the Algerian colonial government's sleazy tactics.

  If reinforcements cannot be provided to the Egyptian region, then let's say it earlier. What will it mean to come at a critical moment?

  If it weren't for the fact that Algeria was still under the French flag, Napoleon IV would have suspected that they had surrendered to the enemy.

  Even with his knees, he knew that the reinforcements that were supposed to set out suddenly disappeared, which was definitely a fatal blow to the Egyptian war zone, which was in a precarious situation.

  It is not popular in Europe to fight to the death. If there is no domestic reinforcement, there will be no hope of victory. The interest groups in Egypt may surrender to Austria.

  Loyalty cannot stand the test. No matter how strict France controls the colonies, the people's sense of belonging cannot be as good as that of the mainland.

  "What did that idiot Anatole say?"

  It was obvious that Napoleon IV was really angry. To use this tone to describe the governor you appointed is definitely pushing your patience to the limit.

  Prime Minister Terence Burgin, who was blushing and affected his scalp, replied: "Anatole explained that the frontline battle situation was urgent. The troops that were originally withdrawn from the frontline were overtaken by the enemy halfway, and suffered heavy losses after the battle.

  Originally promised to the Egyptian area More than half of the reinforcements have been lost. In addition, the enemy's troops have been directed towards the Algerian region, and they are unable to reinforce the Egyptian region.

  In order to ensure the security of the Algerian region, Anatole has issued an emergency mobilization order to recruit all colonial personnel French youths enlisted in the army.

  At the same time, they also sent telegrams to China asking for troops and material support. If nothing happens, we will lose Africa as a source of raw materials."

  Regardless of whether everyone wants to believe it or not, things have already happened. Heavy losses were suffered during the retreat, the strategic contraction plan was not fully completed, and the Algerian region was about to become a battlefield.

  In this context, even if the Paris government forced the colonial government to send reinforcements, it would have no effect.

  Unlike other colonies, Algeria has always been a key area for French operations, and local interest groups have become established.

  In times of crisis, the first thing everyone should protect is their own interests. In the face of interests, the overall situation must also look back.

  Suppressing his dissatisfaction, Napoleon IV asked: "How long can the Egyptian region sustain without these reinforcements?"

  Confidence cannot withstand erosion. If everyone's expectations for the French army were 100% before the war broke out, now At most, there are only 80 points left.

  A quick victory, defeating Austria and winning the war in a short period of time, was just a beautiful idea in the early stages of the war.

  Now Napoleon IV had increased the time to win the war from the initial two months to one year. The French government cannot tolerate the fall of Egypt until the French army has completely achieved strategic advantage.

  After much hesitation, Army Minister Luskinia replied uncertainly: "It is initially estimated that it can last for three to six months. However, the Austrians have recently sent additional troops to the Egyptian area. How long the Egyptian theater can support it still depends on The enemy's investment."

  This answer is equivalent to no answer. Austria's investment in Egypt is uncontrollable, which means that how long the French army in Egypt can persist is also uncontrollable.

  "Your Majesty, send more troops to Egypt! We must give the frontline troops hope, otherwise..."

  Only halfway through his words, Prime Minister Terrence Burgin couldn't continue. There is no other way. Saying what follows is too demoralizing.

  As a politician, you can think about it secretly, but there are some things you really cannot say out loud.

  　It feels better when you stop it, and it feels better when you stop it. I haven’t coded for a while, and Haiyue’s hands are raw. I’m sorry that it’s been delayed until now!

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 928 The tangled Japanese government

  has no choice. The strategic position of Egypt is too important. As long as France still wants to win the war, it must prevent the emergence of the giant across Asia, Africa and Europe.

  After pondering for a while, Napoleon IV sighed and said: "The Ministry of War has come up with a plan to send troops to reinforce the Egyptian war zone as soon as possible. We don't want to defeat the enemy, just stabilize the front."

  Reinforcing Egypt is easy to say, but easy to do. Getting up is not that simple. Not only is it necessary to squeeze out troops, but more importantly, the scale of the Egyptian battlefield is expanding, and the strategic materials that need to be consumed will also increase.

  There is no doubt that French Egypt alone cannot afford such a huge consumption.

  Originally, the Paris government planned to share a portion with the Algerian colonial government, but this is no longer possible.

  While reinforcements are being withheld, Algeria's demand for strategic supplies has also increased. Not to mention supporting the Egyptian region, it is estimated that they themselves will reach out to the country.

  Today is different from the past. As the war progresses, France is no longer so wealthy. Suddenly there was a large amount of material consumption, which was also a test for the French government.

  After a moment of calculation, Prime Minister Terrence Burgin began to sweat on his forehead.

  "Your Majesty, it is easy to send reinforcements. The newly mobilized troops in the country are about to complete preliminary training. It is not a big problem to remove 20 or 30 divisions. The trouble is logistical supplies.

  As of now, we are not only responsible for the logistics of nearly five million troops in Europe, we need to support a large amount of materials on the colonial battlefield, and domestic industrial production has long been unable to keep up.

  Now to reinforce the Egyptian battlefield, a large amount of strategic materials must be consumed. In a short period of time, it will be difficult for us to raise so many materials.

  Unless we can Without the full support of the British, we will not be able to complete the support to the Egyptian battlefield within half a year." War

  is about the speed of soldiers. If we wait for half a year, we will not be able to catch up with the collection of corpses in the past. But the problem is that hundreds of thousands of troops are involved in the expedition, which involves tens of thousands of tons of logistical supplies, which cannot be prepared in a day or two.

  Don't forget that France's strategic supplies are piled up in mountains, but they all have a place to go. Whether it is the Central European battlefield or the Southern European battlefield, they are very important, and there is no possibility of misappropriation.

  Of course, if your own production is insufficient, you can still buy them, but purchasing strategic materials also takes time.

  The production time is just that, France has already placed a bunch of orders, and companies in most European countries are French arsenals.

  The real trouble comes from politics. While countries are making money, they still hold them back.

  Most of the time, France's import of strategic materials will be delayed. Endless checkpoints and confusing procedures are all ways to restrict France.

  In order to break these restrictions, the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs has made great efforts. It's just that no matter how hard the Ministry of Foreign Affairs tries, it can't keep up with France's hatred.

  "It is not difficult to convince the British to support it. No one wants to see the emergence of a giant spanning Asia, Africa and Europe. If Austria is allowed to connect the mainland and Africa, the blow to Britain will be equally fatal. It's

  just that when the time comes to ask the British for help, they will definitely open their mouths and we will pay a heavy price."

  Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec said in embarrassment.

  As centuries-old enemies, the French are naturally aware of the British style. If you don't take advantage of this kind of opportunity that comes to your door, it wouldn't be John Bull.

  France launched this continental war essentially for profit. If it was stopped and robbed by the British, it is unknown how much the final benefits would be.

  If you look at the history books, you will know how many teammates who cooperated with the British were cheated and lost all their money, including France.

  Asking the British for help now means that the operation is good; if the operation is wrong, France may have to work in vain again during the European War.

  At the critical moment, the young Napoleon IV still showed the decisiveness that a monarch should have: "Talk to the British immediately. No matter what the cost, we must win this war." I have to admit that at this

  time, Napoleon IV Very sensible. All interests are based on winning this war. If we lose the war, there will be nothing.

  The essence of international politics lies in strength. As long as France is strong enough, all the benefits it has promised can be ignored. They have not violated the contract anyway.

  ...

  While Britain and France were engaged in intensive negotiations, the Far East was no longer calm. Seeing that all four major European powers were in the flames of war, the Japanese government, which had just completed the Meiji Restoration, gradually became unable to contain its ambitions.

  After more than two decades of reform and development, Japan has become a regional power in the Far East, ranking second in comprehensive national strength in East Asia.

  Of course, this ranking means nothing. Asia has almost been divided up, and there are only a few independent countries in East Asia.

  The olive branch extended by the French still affected this new country. Whether to go south to seize Nanyang or go north to conquer North Korea has become a hot topic in Japan.

  As the leader of this militaristic country, Prime Minister Ito Hirobumi has been having a hard time recently. The people's voices clamoring for war are getting louder and louder, and the situation is about to get out of control.

  It happened that at this time, the opinions of senior Japanese government officials also differed. Some people advocate marching north to seize North Korea, while others advocate taking the opportunity to go south to conquer Nanyang.

  Those who advocated conquering Nanyang even proposed three plans. The operational targets were: French Indochina Peninsula, Spanish Philippines, Austrian Nanyang and German Malay Peninsula.

  There is nothing surprising. Although it was only the French who invited Japan to attack Austrian Southeast Asia, there was also a large wave of Austrians in the Japanese government who were not optimistic that France could win the war.

  No matter how high the warlike sentiment among the people is, Japan's top leaders have not yet drifted away. They know very well that their little wealth can only go along with the trend, and they have no ability to change the outcome of the European War.

  At this time, the team is very critical. If you stand with the loser, then it goes without saying that you will definitely be liquidated after the war, and the vast sea will not be able to stop the military front of the great powers.

  For details, please refer to the naval strength of various countries in Asia. The British Far East Fleet is naturally the leader. The French and Austrian fleets deployed in Asia are equally powerful. Together with several ships of the German Federation, the anti-French alliance still has a slight advantage.

  After the three major powers, there are the Far Eastern Empire and Japan, followed by Spain and the Netherlands, with Portugal at the bottom.

  A squadron can surpass the entire Japanese navy. Calculating the overall strength of the navy, the gap between them is tens of times.

  This is determined by comprehensive national strength, and Japan cannot catch up in a short time. With just the few ironclads they purchased, they could only give away their lives in front of the pre-dreadnoughts.

  In this context, it is normal for politicians who want to speculate to have differences of opinion. Even Ito Hirobumi himself wanted to take the opportunity to give it a try, but in the end reason prevailed.

  On the surface, at this time, whether the Japanese government turns to the French or the anti-French alliance, it can determine the balance of strength between the two sides in Asia. France and Austria should rush to win over Japan.

  Theoretically, as long as the Japanese government grasps the balance, it can benefit from both France and Austria, and then bet on the winner at the last moment.

  Unfortunately, the French extended an olive branch, but Austria turned a deaf ear to them. Some Japanese officials even took the initiative to ask questions, but they did not receive the answers they wanted.

  This kind of ignorance certainly makes the Japanese government look ugly, but it also makes them aware of Austria's strength.

  Human psychology is complex, and sometimes the more we ignore it, the easier it is for people to think more.

  In the eyes of many people, although the conditions offered by the French are attractive, France is fighting alone in Europe, while Austria also has a group of allies in Europe.

  The ants kill the elephant. Even during the Napoleonic era, the great cause of sweeping across the European continent was not completed. Can the current French Empire complete it? Everyone has no idea.

  Unable to determine who was the final winner in France and Austria, the southbound faction came up with a strategic plan to seize the Philippines.

  If you look at the map of Asia, you will know that if Japan wants to go south, it cannot spare the Philippines, otherwise it may be cut off at any time. It can be said that as long as the southward strategy is launched, Japan and Spain will definitely have a war.

  The most important thing is that compared to the two giants France and Austria, the declining Spain is undoubtedly a soft persimmon.

  Of course, this soft persimmon is still too powerful for the current Japanese Empire. Winning the Philippines from the Spanish also required taking great risks.

  However, compared with the risk of participating in the Franco-Austrian War, the safety factor of bullying the Spanish is still much higher. Even if the plan fails, Spain has not liquidated their strength.

  Before the outbreak of the European War, the conflicts between the great powers did not intensify, and the Japanese government would never dare to have such an idea.

  After all, "whitephobia" is prevalent these days, and no one has the confidence to deal with European countries. Seeing that ministers from various countries often act together, many people even think that European countries are on the same side.

  In the palace, Emperor Meiji asked slightly tiredly: "Ito-kun, these are the strategic plans reported from below. What do you think?"

  It can be seen that Emperor Meiji was also influenced by the outside world and fell into confusion in strategic decisions. . Taking this step is the difference between heaven and hell. Emperor Meiji cannot help but be careless.

  Emperor Meiji relied on the support of the military to ascend to power. The military had a very strong influence in the Meiji government. In order to limit the strength of the military, after taking power, Emperor Meiji instinctively chose to rely on Ito Hirobumi as the leader of the Bunsho faction.

  Especially when the fate of the country was involved, Emperor Meiji did not dare to let the single-minded military decide.

  (End of chapter)


  Chapter 929: Difference in Concepts

  Looking around, Hirobumi Ito replied bravely: "Your Majesty, this European War is extraordinary. On the surface, it was the expansion of the French in Europe, which aroused Austria's dissatisfaction and the war broke out. In essence, it was The battle for hegemony in Europe.

  Britain and Russia have been distracted by the war in Afghanistan and are unable to intervene in the continent in the short term, allowing France and Austria to see the opportunity to defeat their competitors.

  So far, Europe has France, Austria, Belgium, and Germany. Seven countries including Greece, Greece, and Asia are involved in the war. Although the remaining European countries are still waiting and watching, they do not rule out the possibility of involvement. Although

  France is powerful, they are fighting alone. If the war continues, more If European countries are involved, I am afraid they are no match for a pack of wolves. According to

  intelligence from Europe, the French have mobilized more than five million troops, and the anti-French alliance has mobilized more than seven million troops. If the French are included, In the confrontation between the two Austrian colonies, this number will be greatly increased.

  A war involving tens of millions of people is simply not something we have the strength to be involved in. In my opinion, before the outcome of the European War is determined, any southward strategy It's all unwise."

  There's nothing wrong with it. From a political point of view, as long as war is declared, even countries that make up the numbers must be counted. Greece, Montenegro, and America, the three flag-waving little pods, are also members of the Anti-French Alliance.

  They also made important contributions to the anti-French cause. Although they did nothing militarily, their political contributions were not small at all.

  Ordinary people don't see it, but politicians understand it very well. To be able to define this continental war as an aggressive war against the French, Austria relied on these little guys to follow and wave the flag.

  Everyone knows that France is not popular in Europe. After all, Napoleon the Great was so awesome that he beat everyone up, so the Bonaparte dynasty was not ostracized.

  However, they were directly boycotted by half of the countries in Europe, and the remaining neutral countries were also holding them back. In the eyes of Ito Hirobumi, this was an absolute failure of French diplomacy.

  Based on past experience, the French will definitely be beaten severely if they are so awesome. No one knows whether a new country will be involved in the war tomorrow. From a political and diplomatic perspective, Ito Hirobumi was not optimistic that the French could win the war at all.

  Not being optimistic about the French does not mean that the Japanese government can make a bet. A melee involving tens of millions of troops was the first time in human history, let alone Japan.

  Although the Meiji Restoration has been initially completed, Japan is still only a weak agricultural country, and its increased military strength is still far behind that of the top powers.

  With the hundreds of thousands of domestic new troops alone, the combat effectiveness is not even comparable to that of Belgium. The continental army that will span East Asia in later generations is still an infant.

  There is a huge gap in the strength of the army, and the same is true for the navy. For naval powers like Britain, France and Austria, two pre-dreadnoughts can defeat the Japanese navy, and such battleships are all in double digits.

  "The European Continental War is very involved, and we really have no qualifications to participate in it. However, it is not difficult to attack the Philippines. Spain has long since declined and is not qualified to continue to occupy fertile colonies. The

  four major powers of Britain, Russia, Austria and France are all at war, and there is no time. Worrying about practical affairs in the Far East is the best time for us to take action.

  Don't look at the fact that the Spanish are still in the name of a great power. In fact, in the new round of military revolution, they have completely fallen behind.

  According to the intelligence collected by the navy, Spain Most of the fleet deployed in the Philippines are sailing warships, and the only two ironclads were produced more than ten years ago. The navy is confident that it can easily deal with them.

  The Suez Canal is now blocked. As long as the Spanish Philippine fleet is killed, they will wait for them. After receiving the news and sending reinforcements, it will be half a year at the earliest.

  As long as the army can occupy the Philippine Islands within half a year, the Spaniards who have no foothold will be nothing more than toothless tigers."

  Navy Minister Saigo said from Dao said in an understatement, as if being unable to participate in the European War was a matter of course, and he did not feel aggrieved at all.

  The grievances involved in Japan's land and sea dispute can be traced back hundreds of years, and the historical conflicts between the "Changshu Clan" and the "Satsuma Clan" have directly continued.

  Faced with the navy's contempt, Army Minister Yamagata Yutomo was not to be outdone and said: "As long as your navy can destroy the enemy's fleet, our army will be able to occupy the Philippine Islands within half a year. I'm afraid

  that you can't win a quick battle and waste time with the Spanish navy." It's a waste of precious time."

  The navy and the army are not at odds with each other. For the Wenshi faction headed by Ito Hirobumi, this is definitely bad news.

  No matter how fierce the struggle between the Japanese military headquarters in the south and the north was in later generations, the strategic differences between the two sides are not substantial in nature.

  Before getting the springboard of North Korea, whether the Japanese army goes south or north, the main force must be the navy. This is the consensus of everyone.

  From a purely superficial point of view, the current Japanese Navy does not seem to be a match for the Beiyang Fleet, but this is only true in terms of the tonnage of warships.

  The Japanese rulers, who were not dazzled by the victory, are still too timid. Not only do they not dare to participate in the European War, they even fear their neighbors next door.

  In order to ensure victory in the war, it is natural for the navy and land forces to briefly join forces under the common interests. After all, Japan's current financial situation is weak, and if it loses once, it will be all gone.

  Seeing that the military's opinions were almost unified, Finance Minister Shigenobutaka Okuma hurriedly objected: "No, Spain is a European country. If it rashly attacks a white country, who knows whether it will cause a backlash from the European powers? What if it

  triggers a backlash from other powers ? If we interfere, even if we occupy the Philippine Islands, we will spit it out in the end, and even suffer retaliation from Spain.

  Although the Spanish have declined, their overall strength is still superior to us. Our only advantage is that the Philippines is far away from them. Too far.

  But if the European powers support them, the situation will be completely different. They can easily form a large fleet to seek our misfortune."

  This is a fact. The Japanese Navy warships are all bought from Europe. It will be easier for the Spaniards on the European continent to buy warships.

  Moreover, Spain's shipbuilding capability is not weak, second only to Britain, France and Austria, and is in the second echelon in the world. It is not comparable to Japan, which is just starting out.

  In fact, Okuma Shigenobu still had something to say. The most popular naval theory these days is the "Century Navy" proposed by the British, and all countries are deeply affected by it.

  No matter how declining the Spanish Navy is, its ancestors are still richer. The tactics and experience passed down cannot be compared to the newly born Japanese Navy.

  On the surface, the Japanese navy is far more powerful than the Spanish fleet stationed in the Philippines, but if there is a fight, it is still unknown whether they can be defeated.

  If they can't win a battle and the Spaniards go around in circles to stall for time, waiting for domestic reinforcements to arrive before they fight decisively, they will be in big trouble.

  Navy Minister Saigo Yumichi analyzed: "Okuma-kun, the interference of foreign powers that you are worried about is not a problem at all. Spain and the British have a long-standing grudge. The British have been suppressing the development of Spain over the years, and it is impossible to support them.

  Originally, the Spanish government followed the French, and Alfonso XII was supported by the French. However, recently, the power in Spain has changed, and the pro-Austrian faction has taken control of the political power and parted ways with the French.

  If that were all, it would not matter. The big deal is to change allies. Unfortunately, while the Spaniards were pro-Austrian, they did not really turn to Austria, but became a mere wallflower. Logically

  speaking, this continental war is Spain's best opportunity, as long as they start from If troops are sent from the rear to poke the French in the eye, the anti-French alliance can win the war immediately.

  With the two major powers Britain and Russia on its side, Austria needs a strong ally if it wants to successfully dominate the European hegemony. It is impossible to abandon Spain. They can It is natural to share the fruits of victory with Austria.

  The Spaniards have given up on such a golden opportunity, and it is impossible for them to expect Austria to do their best to help them. If we

  do it now, we may even get the support of the French, using the excuse of sweeping the country first A stumbling block on the Qing Dynasty's march south, and then join them in attacking Austrian Southeast Asia.

  The French government now has no choice. They are fighting alone on the European continent, and their only British ally is still fighting the Russians. If they were not forced to do so, they would not They will find us."

  Finding allies is not random. This year happens to be the era when the chain of contempt is the strongest. Under normal circumstances, European countries will not unite with small Asian countries because it will be very embarrassing.

  The French government has been underestimated more than once since it began to win over the Japanese. He became one of the reasons why senior Japanese government officials were not optimistic that the French could win the war.

  This is a cultural difference between the East and the West. For European countries, although face is important, it is not as important as actual interests; in the East, the situation has changed, and face often exceeds interests.

  Judging from their own inherent concepts, the senior Japanese government took it for granted that the French were almost unable to hold on any longer, so they rushed to seek allies all over the world.

  If Austria had not directly ignored them and not even given them a chance to negotiate terms, maybe someone in the Japanese government would have advocated joining the anti-French alliance and taking the opportunity to seize the French Indochina Peninsula.

  Ito Hirobumi sternly scolded: "Saigo-kun, this is definitely a bad idea. Once we reveal our intention to move closer to the French, we will definitely be hostile to Austria.

  Even if Austria is restrained by the French, it will not be able to directly interfere with us. Their actions do not mean that they can't stumbling upon us.

  Don't forget that there are Dutch people in the Nanyang region. If Austria takes the lead and encourages the Netherlands to intervene, we will not be able to deal with the Spanish and Dutch countries at the same time."

  ( End of this chapter)

