
Chapter 876 France's Plan

After a pause, Napoleon IV nodded: "It's really not good. The reply is too direct, and our allies will feel uncomfortable. How about you reorganize the language and talk more about us? They are facing difficulties and soothe their wounded hearts?" Karel Kadlec hesitated to speak. No matter how you reply, it will not change the fact that the French government is a fisherman.







Prime Minister Terence Burkin proposed: "Your Majesty, the Anglo-Russian war has broken out, and it seems that it will not end in a short time. We are considering implementing the next strategy." For the French Empire, knocking on the relationship between Britain and Russia A rip-off can only be regarded as a small profit.






If the Austrians restrain their emotions and wait until the end of the Near East War before sending troops, I am afraid no one can stop them. Can't live with it." The Vienna government used the First Near East War to attempt to unify the German region and failed, triggering the intervention of European countries, and in the end it only annexed South Germany.


Economics Minister Elsa objected: "Austria's failure to unify the German region was not only due to the interference of European countries, but also the fierce opposition of the Kingdom of Prussia. The Vienna government did not have the confidence to fight a civil war and could only sit back and watch the division of the German region. Even if It's the same thing until the end.











They are just a bunch of vampires, lying on the heads of the French industrial and commercial circles, devouring our wealth. If we delay for one day now, France will lose..." It is too difficult to annex the two countries of Belgium and Germany. Even if only one annexes, it will Cause big trouble.















After the European countries are divided into two waves, we will force Belgium and Germany to make concessions. Even if the situation gets out of control, we will not fight alone with the alliance. " Failure makes people grow. As France's Foreign Minister, Karel Kadlec deeply understood the root cause of France's failure in the anti-French war - few allies and many enemies.






The Ministry of Foreign Affairs further stimulated the Russians and told the Tsarist government that as long as they captured Herat or the Wakhan Corridor, we would issue one billion francs of war bonds for them. " There is no way to incite the Russians. The British government is too rational and it is too difficult to fool them.









Prime Minister Terrence Bulkin reminded: “Your Majesty, the Anglo-Russian war has broken out. As an ally of the British, it is no longer appropriate for us to issue bonds for the Russians. " You have to pay attention to methods when trying to trick allies. It doesn't matter if you dig holes secretly. This kind of sabotage and hindrance is a violation of the rules of the game. If word spreads, France's international reputation will be completely ruined. No country will dare to play with them. .


For example: We issued one billion francs of commercial bonds for Austria, and the Austrians lent this money to the Tsarist government. " ...



Chapter 877: Mutual Schemes (Two in One)









The British usually do too many bad things, and now their enemies are everywhere in the world. The current international situation is very favorable to us, and then it depends on the military." Turn the enemy into Allies can be regarded as a miracle in the history of diplomacy. However, considering the complicated relationship between Britain and France, it is normal for this kind of thing to happen.



If a breakthrough is made at any point, we will take the initiative in the war. From now on Judging from the situation, the success rate of taking Herat or the Wakhan Corridor before the arrival of British reinforcements is still very high. The The only problem that tests us now is logistics. As the front advances, the transportation of logistics supplies It's getting slower and slower.

If this situation doesn't change, it won't be long before the frontline troops have to stop and wait for supplies." Anyone can blame everyone, not to mention what Ivanov said is also true.


Hearing that the supply of logistics supplies was not available, Alexander III's face suddenly turned ugly. He cast a murderous look at Logistics Minister Argent, as if to say: You'd better give me a reasonable explanation, otherwise...there would have been a long time ago. Argent, who was preparing, explained calmly: "It is not our responsibility that the logistics supplies are not available. The road in Central Asia is not smooth, and guerrillas often cause sabotage, which seriously affects the progress of logistics transportation.

In addition, the frontline troops are mobilized from time to time, and the logistics department is often not notified in advance. The people below often have to take the wrong route, how can they not be slow?" Ivanov sneered and said: "If your logistics department can't do it, Just leave the material transportation to our Army Department and don't make so many bad excuses.







Battlefield The situation is ever-changing. Our generals on the front line don't know what will happen next. They need to adapt to changes. How can we notify them in advance?” The conflict between the military and the logistics department is actually an extension of the conflict between the military and government bureaucracy. In the final analysis, it is the right to speak. dispute.








Don't forget that in addition to the logistics department, In addition to distributing supplies, the more important thing is to collect supplies, which involves too many problems. As for the problem of untimely deployment, our logistics department is already trying to find a way to solve it, and the situation will improve after a   while ." It is absolutely impossible to give up the right to allocate logistics materials. Without this part of the power, the logistics department would really be like a wet nurse, the kind without a salary.






In addition, increase the domestic The speed of transportation of materials, if the quantity is not enough, it will be purchased from Austria. Anyway, we must do our best to ensure the needs of the frontline troops." The donor has to give face, both the logistics department and the military must rely on funds from the Ministry of Finance.














After the episode passed, Alexander III smiled and said: "The current situation is getting more and more interesting. The Austrians support us in going to war against the British, and the French also support us in going to war against the British. France and Austria actually thought of going together. There is something behind this." I won't believe it if there is no conspiracy.

What do you think is the real purpose of France and Austria? What kind of benefits are enough for them to give us such a big advantage?" Suspicion is the instinct of rulers. France and Austria His methods were not clever, and the traces of deliberately provoking a war between Britain and Russia were too obvious.























Unless the French can make a quick decision and seize the opportunity before Austria sends troops, it will become an established fact of occupying the above-mentioned territory and block the German-Austrian forces with the natural barrier of the Rhine River. " Strategic plans cannot be hidden just because you want to. No evidence is needed, as long as there is a motive, there is no doubt that both France and Austria have motives for expansion into Central Europe.







It is impossible for the French government to fail to see this. Instead of taking risks without being sure, it would be better to retreat to the next best option and annex Belgium. " Because of the Prussian-Russian War, the Tsarist government's assessment of the combat effectiveness of the German states has been upgraded to a higher level.

Simply on paper, the current German Federation is not weak. Its military strength is similar to that of the former Prussian Federation, and its economy The total output is second only to Britain, France, Russia and Austria. Its heavy industry is the same as that of France, and its population is more than 25 million. Marshal Ivanov does not think that the French will bite this hard bone, especially when there are so many people behind it. A lion ready to hunt.





The mindset of many French people is still stuck in the Napoleonic era, and they think they are invincible. Even though we defeated them in the Near East War, it didn't change anything. " The Near East War cannot be counted. Britain, France and Russia all regard themselves as victors. The only one who admits that it is a loser is the Ottoman Empire, which has disappeared in the long history.


Although the Russian army did win a strategic victory, it lost a mess tactically. The so-called victory was entirely based on human lives. The Russian army's battle loss ratio is simply impossible to see. . Many times, the Russian army had twice the strength and was beaten on the ground.








As long as we use the war to hurt both France and Austria, we will have the opportunity to re-establish our dominant position on the European continent, and even if things go wrong, we can bring them to the same starting line. " Anyone can cheat their teammates. France and Austria can use the Russian Empire as a pawn, and Alexander III can also fight back.



Without the support of France and Austria, and relying solely on our own strength, I am afraid that the battlefield in Afghanistan will..." Alexander III interrupted: "Don't worry, provoking a war between France and Austria will not happen overnight.


What we have to do now is to ask France and Austria for loans and supplies as much as possible. If they want us to work hard, we must provide benefits. " After hearing this explanation, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. It doesn't matter if it provokes a war between France and Austria, as long as it doesn't affect the Afghan battlefield.



Chapter 878 Winter Offensive and Guerrillas



















"When will domestic reinforcements arrive?" Indian reinforcements could not be counted on. The war had been going on for three months, and the Indian Governor-General had already sent him 150,000 reinforcements.






The middle-aged officer behind him replied: "If nothing else happens, the first batch of domestic reinforcements will arrive in one and a half months." From the outbreak of the battle to the arrival of the reinforcements, it only took four and a half months. For the British Empire, this was It is also a qualitative improvement.




"Send people to urge them, and also inform them to prepare cold-proof items. The winter in Afghanistan is not easy." Although it may be a little late to say this now, Lieutenant General Patrick still chose to remind them.








"Cheer up, we are about to enter Afghanistan. It is not peaceful over there. If you are not careful, you will meet God in advance." The loud voice of the middle-aged officer spread throughout the transport convoy, and everyone looked serious. got up.












A young officer replied: "Don't worry, lieutenant colonel. We have walked this road more than a dozen times, and we encountered a mob attack. The really dangerous section of the road is ahead." This is a fact, and the deeper we go into Afghanistan The more dangerous it is, this is the consensus of the British army. Most attacks occur in inland areas, especially mountainous and forested areas where the danger is greatest.






"Shut up, Weir! Your experience is bullshit. If you want to live longer on the battlefield, the most important thing is to be cautious..." Before the middle-aged officer could finish his words, a bullet whizzed towards him and hit him. His right arm.






Seeing the guerrillas retreating, the injured middle-aged officer breathed a sigh of relief and hurriedly shouted to his subordinates: "Stop chasing, count the casualties quickly, and continue on the road." Their mission was to transport supplies, not to pursue the guerrillas. Suppressing the guerrillas was just an unexpected military achievement, but if supplies were lost due to the suppression of the guerrillas, they would have to go to a military court.



After a while, Weir's young officer came forward to report: "Lieutenant Colonel, we suffered heavy losses this time. There were 184 casualties in total, including 27 wounded and 11 dead among the escort officers and soldiers, and 127 wounded and 19 dead civilians. , 7 carts of supplies were lost..." The middle-aged officer waved his hand. It may have been a touch wound, and his face suddenly turned pale. He suppressed the discomfort and ordered: "Give the order and continue on the road.

We must arrive before dark. The next stronghold, otherwise it will be dangerous at night." This is the experience summarized by Lieutenant Colonel Jack, but any convoy targeted by the guerrillas will not only attack it once.



Finding that Lieutenant Colonel Jack's right arm was injured, Weir asked with concern: "Lieutenant Colonel, please take care of your injury first. It will easily become inflamed if you drag it on." Gunshot wounds are also fatal injuries these days. Even if it only hits the arm, if it is not treated in time, once the wound becomes inflamed, it is still possible to die.




Take the wounded and set off immediately. Killed in action Leave the officers and soldiers alone for now, and collect their bodies when they come back." The reality is so cruel, even for mid-level officers, their safety on the battlefield is not guaranteed.














A middle-aged man with a beard said sternly: "I don't agree with your plan. It's not yet time for a decisive battle with the British. Attacking the town of Takal will only bring unnecessary losses to us. The Russians are just us Temporary allies, you are not so naive as to think that they are really here to help us expel the British, right?" Taking advantage of others is short-handed, and eating soft-spoken words.








Chapter 879 The British's New Strategy


Army Secretary Rosario: "The Russians' rapid advance in the Afghan battlefield is entirely due to the support of France and Austria. The enemy we face now is not the Russian Empire at all, but the Russians sending troops and France and Austria paying. The Three Kingdoms Alliance provided supplies.

Although Britain is powerful, it does not have the strength to fight against the three major European powers at the same time. If we want to win this war, we must cut off the support of France and Austria for the Tsarist government." The front line was defeated, There is always an explanation to be given to the country. Moreover, Rosario was not talking nonsense. The victory of the Russian army was indeed inseparable from the support of France and Austria.







France and Austria are now supporting the Russians. The main purpose is to let the Russians consume our strength so that they can reap the benefits." The Ministry of Foreign Affairs Several times they provoked conflicts, but they were suppressed by the three governments. It is very difficult to cut off France and Austria's aid to the Russians in the short term." The Ministry of Foreign Affairs The current passive situation is actually a sequelae of Britain's long-term foreign policy. France and Austria both had grievances against Britain, and supporting the Russians was their way of retaliating.










Finance Minister Xiaoji Childers shook his head: "The matter is not that serious. The French are still our allies, and the anti-British alliance will not appear. It can be seen from the intensity of support that they support the Russians. It is just a small group of people in the French government and cannot represent the position of the French government.


If nothing else happens, once the Russians win the war in Afghanistan, Austria's support will end." If France, Austria, and Russia really get closer, the remaining grassroots countries will know who they will support on their knees. The European continent Once united, British supremacy ended.












The War Department suggested encouraging the French to expand to Central Europe, or allowing Austria to unify the German region, intensifying the Franco-Austrian conflict and triggering a European continental war." This is not the best way, but it is the most effective way. Simply trying to sow discord among various countries, the rulers of various countries are not fools and will not be fooled at all.




If the winner is the French, We may also encourage European countries to start a new anti-French war; if Austria wins this war, we will not be able to start an anti-Austria war." In this world, it is true to speak with fists, but sometimes other factors must be considered. European countries are not fools and cannot be led around.











Besides, don't you think France and Austria are too powerful? If this continues, I'm afraid the Royal Navy will also..." This is also the reason why the French and Austrian governments have exercised restraint. After all, they defeated It's easy to defeat your opponent, but it's difficult to destroy your opponent.






Chapter 880 Diplomatic relations that cannot stand the test





































Holding the document in his hand, Franz asked in disbelief: "Are you sure you got this price list correctly?" Economic Minister Reinhardt: "Your Majesty, we have confirmed it many times, and the statistics above are indeed The average price in the first quarter.






I have consulted the staff department and found that the Russian army’s material consumption has decreased. On the one hand, it is limited by the terrain of Afghanistan, which is not conducive to the deployment of heavy weapons; on the other hand, the British army is too incompetent and no close war broke out. " This answer left Franz speechless. The intensity of the war was not high enough, and the consumption of materials was naturally not high.









If the current situation does not change, I am afraid that this Anglo-Russian war will be the trigger for overcapacity in European countries. " Every overcapacity is a mistake of capitalists' market expectations. If you are a smart person, you still have a chance to cut your losses now. If it continues until the end of the Anglo-Russian war, it will really be the end of the world.






If nothing else, the British made similar promises to the French, and possibly even more. " Don't talk about the relationship between France and Austria. The relationship between any two countries cannot withstand a long period of tossing.




If the French could not withstand the temptation and accepted the British proposal, then continental war would be inevitable. " According to the original plan and proceeding step by step, it is only a matter of time before Austria unifies the German region, and the Vienna government can naturally restrain its desire and not take risks.








Strengthen monitoring of the French government, and must report immediately if signs of preparations for war are found. " Austria's preparations for war have begun long ago, but in order to keep it confidential, the range of actions has always been very small.




Chapter 881 Paris Stock Crash























"Yamix, what are you looking at?" The middle-aged fat man Yamyx replied with a hint of regret: "Financial newspapers, Hex Textile Factory is negotiating with the Russians. If nothing else, another news. A big order of 30 million francs!

Unfortunately, I am timid. I heard a few days ago that the Hex Textile Factory had a serious backlog of products, so I withdrew half of it and bought the Fedolon Machinery Factory, missing this wave of market trends." The visitor comforted him: "It doesn't matter. Fedoron Machinery Factory is not bad either. The downstream market is so good and companies are expanding production capacity. How can the performance of upstream equipment manufacturers be bad?" This is the most common experience. Once the industry Well, companies along the entire industry chain will benefit.




Looking at the smiling visitor, Amix asked tentatively: "Anthony, I remember you also bought this stock, I guess you should have a good harvest this time." Anthony smiled slightly: "I just happened to catch up. I didn’t buy many shares, only 20,000 shares.


Capitalists are also I'm not a fool. If the product backlog was serious, they would have known about layoffs and production cuts. It's not like the streets and alleys are full of job advertisements now!" After hearing his friend's analysis, Amix's face became even uglier, as if he had lost money again. One hundred million.



It seemed that his consciousness had spoken, and Anthony hurriedly said: "Okay, Amics. Now wait patiently for the company to announce its financial report. Anyway, it is just a matter of how much profit. Maybe the performance of the machinery factory will be overwhelming, and the stock price will not increase. On top of the textile factory. You must know that many new factories have popped up in recent times, and they all need to purchase equipment." As soon as he finished speaking, someone shouted again: "This is impossible!" "This is not Really, you must be lying to me, right?” … As one company after another released its financial reports, similar voices began to be heard.










Recommend the book "The Han Flag Will Not Fall" (End of Chapter)


Chapter 882 Conspiracy














The reported in a low voice: "Your Excellency Baron, according to the latest statistics, eighteen secretary companies, including the Said Textile Factory, the Edolon Cannery, and the Ellenburg Spinning Factory, have requested returns. The total The price of these returned products is It is about 30 million francs, of which there is a balance of about 6.57 million francs, which we have not received yet.



If we cannot find a new buyer, it is initially estimated that our losses this time will be as high as 54 million francs, and the forfeited liquidated damages can be offset by about 14 million francs. francs, the final loss will be around 40 million francs." Birds of a feather flock together, and as an aristocratic capitalist, Fedoron's relationship with the domestic capital community is very general.








Instruct them to suspend the production of all orders and send people to contact the remaining customers to ensure that the orders can be delivered smoothly before continuing to organize production. For orders that have been confirmed to have violated the contract, they can Among other transferred orders, we will deploy them immediately. If it doesn't work, just dismantle the parts and use them!

At this juncture, we can't find buyers at all, and we must stop the loss in time." Mechanical equipment is different from other products. Once Once produced, maintenance costs will be incurred. The longer the backlog remains in hand, the higher the cost to the business.


















If..." Baron Fedoron interrupted impatiently: "Don't worry about so much, if they If you are not satisfied, you can go to court and sue.

At this point, are we still afraid of lawsuits?" Tens of millions of francs of losses suddenly occurred, and the Friedolon Machinery Factory, which was running well, was directly taken to the ditch.


"Dong, dong, dong." There was a knock on the door, and Baron Fedoron said coldly: "Come in!" A middle-aged man whispered: "Your Excellency, the people from the Bank of Paris are here and are resting in the living room. " As soon as he finished speaking, two middle-aged men in suits and leather shoes walked in.

The leader said: "I'm sorry, Baron Fedoron. The main reason for our presumptuous visit this time is..." Baron Fedoron interrupted directly: "I know what you are here for, but there are still more days before the bank loan expires. One month.



Fike, take the two gentlemen to rest." After listening to Baron Fedoran, Fei Duolan The middle-aged man immediately made a gesture of invitation and said: "You two, please come with me." The first middle-aged man said unmoved: "Baron Fedoron, you misunderstood. Today we We are here to solve the problem for you, not to collect the loan in advance.

If it is convenient, please give us half an hour. The following conversation needs to be kept confidential, and it is best for us to communicate alone." Baron Fedoron was stunned...



Chapter 883 The storm arose.



"Tell me, why should it be so mysterious? Let me be the first to say that if you want to attract the attention of the machine factory, there is no need to waste time here. The machine factory is my child, and no matter how miserable I am, I will not pay any attention to it. Out. You, Bank of Paris, are not qualified to take it away from me!" When he said this, Baron Fedoron was confident. Although the power of the aristocratic group declined, it still held the power of the French government.





In the past week, the stock market has been falling continuously, and the market has reached the edge of collapse. I am here on behalf of BNP Paribas to discuss with you. Get through this upcoming economic crisis." There is no doubt that BNP Paribas has also had the idea of ​​a machinery factory, but found that this is a hard bone, the meat is in the gaps between the bones, and if you chew hard, it will grind your teeth.

Baron Fedoron rolled his eyes: "That's enough, the old man is still self-aware. If I could decide the economic crisis, I wouldn't worry about money now." Suddenly encountered a large-scale default, and the machinery factory lacked cash flow. This is Something everyone knows in the capital market.


The middle-aged man suppressed his smile and said seriously: "Your Excellency, the next thing is very important. If you decide to listen, then you must ensure that the content of the conversation is not leaked. I can guarantee that the content of the next conversation will not be leaked. , there are only benefits to you, no harm. Including the trouble you are encountering now, it can be easily solved." It was a naked provocation, but for the sake of having a chance to solve the funding gap, Baron Fedoran decided to continue listening.


"Tell me, if it's good for me, do you still have to worry about the news leaking?" The middle-aged man nodded and said slowly: "Your Excellency, Baron, you should have discovered it. Now various European countries have experienced different levels of production capacity. Only France suffers the most from the surplus.






By then, I am afraid that your orders can be directly scheduled to a few years later, and the companies that have defaulted and canceled orders now will also I beg you to pay the balance." To implement the China-Europe strategy, words alone cannot solve the problem. The French government must expand its arms and prepare for war. By then, the unsalable strategic materials in the country will be digested immediately.



Although the benefits were great, Baron Fedoran frowned. After being silent for a long time, he slowly said: "You are playing with fire. Once an accident occurs, the French Empire will be destroyed!" Although the benefits are great, they are The accompanying risks are greater. The French government's Central Europe strategy has been regarded as an ideal strategy since its formulation.









In fact, we should have taken action as early as 1880 during the Prussian-Russian War. It is a pity that some people looked forward and backward and wasted an opportunity." From a pure comparison of strength, in 1880 it was indeed This is the time when France has the highest success rate in challenging the European order.













"Alas!" After sighing, Baron Fedoron closed his eyes and fell into a fierce inner struggle.



If the China-Europe strategy is passed by the government, we can continue Provide a loan to the machinery factory." The implication of "bank loan" and not just "loan from the Bank of Paris" was very clear to Baron Fedoran. It was nothing more than several major French consortiums jointly promoting this plan.




Baron Fedoran sarcastically said: "You are so generous! Okay, I know what to do. I have another meeting next, so I won't leave you any more." After being treated rudely, the middle-aged man did not Annoyed, he knew the matter was done and left the office politely with a smile on his face.















Chapter 884: South or east?








"The police department will investigate for me and find out who is behind this!" No emperor wanted to be manipulated, and Napoleon IV was no exception. Even if the China-Europe strategy is to be implemented, it will be done under his leadership rather than being rushed to the shelves.


Based on the intelligence obtained by the Police Department, we will be the first to take action It was the domestic industrial and commercial community, and then it spread quickly." The police department does not know who is the final mastermind, but this kind of information on the surface can still be found.




Slapping the table fiercely, Napoleon IV said fiercely: "Damn consortium, don't think you can get away with it this way." Since the industrial and commercial circles dominate, it is natural that the consortium will exert its efforts and charge this account to the consortium. Anything wrong.











Just last week, the Belgian government decided to expand another reserve army. Once the plan is completed, Belgium's total military strength will reach 154,000. The The German Federation also held a state conference, and George I proposed to follow Austria's example Implement a national reserve system and train 1.5 million more reserve troops.


If the Germans' plan is allowed to be completed, their actual standing army will exceed 500,000. Under extreme mobilization, the total strength of the two countries will exceed two million." There is no doubt that the two countries were besieged. France was frightened by the internal changes and was doing its best to expand its armaments.


"Aren't they afraid of being sanctioned by the international community if they openly want to tear up the arms agreement?" As soon as he finished speaking, Napoleon IV realized that he had made a mistake. Seeing that the war is about to break out, who would think so much.



After a pause, Napoleon IV said slowly: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs must find ways to disrupt the military expansion actions of Belgium and Germany, and make security guarantee commitments when necessary." Regardless of whether it wants to implement the Central European strategy, the French government must The military expansion plans of Belgium and Germany must be interrupted, otherwise France will not be threatening others, but will be threatened by others.




Besides, there are also Austrians who are causing trouble. Yesterday morning, Franz returned money to Belgium and Germany." The government sent an open letter, highly praising the efforts of the two governments to maintain European stability. " Franz has always been the best at causing chaos. Encouraging Belgium and Germany to expand their armies will do no harm to Austria.




Otherwise, if they really complete the military expansion plan with force, we will lose the first step. If there is no opportunity, it will be difficult to implement the Central European strategy." Prime Minister Terrence Burgin shook his head: "The key to the problem is not Belgium and Germany. Their military expansion plan only sounds great, but in fact it is simply impossible. Completed.

Belgium’s military expansion plan is theoretically achievable, but can they raise so many troops? Not to mention the German Federation, there are so many small states, but not all of them have conflicts of interest with us.




Judging from the current international situation, I think that in order to implement the Central European strategy, Austria must be severely damaged so that they are unable to interfere with our actions." The French invaded Belgium, Germany, and Austria are almost certain to participate in the war; but if a war breaks out between France and Austria, Belgium and Germany are likely to be neutral.












Unless we can ensure that Britain and Russia will both lose in Afghanistan and prolong the war. Only when the vitality of the two countries is severely damaged can it be possible to avoid interference from Britain and Russia." The classic case of the Prussian-Russian War has made the European world understand that it is not easy to start a war with a big country, especially one with a large number of people.






Even our ally the British will not be an exception. For the British government, anything that disrupts the balance of the European continent will It's not allowed to happen." There is no way. The French Empire in history was too powerful, so powerful that it had no friends.





Chapter 885 Austria's Preparations









This kind of meaningless spiritual support can only be used to fool children. , it makes no sense to us." The specific support was not mentioned. Anyway, everyone is supporting the confrontation between Austria and the French. It is best for France and Austria to lose both sides, so that everyone can live in peace of mind.





Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Yes! The Principality of Baden invited us to garrison troops to jointly defend against the French invasion; Belgium proposed that the three countries conduct a military exercise to deter the ambitions of the French." Since ancient times, inviting foreign troops to station has been a matter of course. The political risk is very high.









Once the French advance eastward, The German Federation is the best human shield. What we have to do now is to encourage them to fight the French as much as possible, instead of shouldering the pressure of the French for them. The Belgian exercise plan is even more unreliable. The troops participating in the exercise It costs too much money. After all, the French have not yet attacked, and they do not have the courage to take the initiative to seek out the French. With fewer troops participating, not only will they not be able to deter the French, but they may also stimulate their ambitions. Maybe the French government will first Let's take advantage of it and directly kill the troops participating in the exercise." There is no doubt that these are all excuses. In the final analysis, there is only one real reason. Franz did not want to be taken advantage of and was on the front line of the resistance against France.



Prime Minister Karl said worriedly: "The situation in France has changed so suddenly that it is hard to understand. It always feels like someone is controlling it behind the scenes. The French are guided by public opinion, which stimulates their self-esteem. They advocate taking tough measures against Germany and Germany, and they also It’s understandable.

But why are Italians going to join in the fun? I don’t believe they have such a strong sense of belonging to the French government.” It has been less than twenty years since France actually annexed Italy. The older generation is still alive, and so are the younger generations. Growing up in a special era, talking about a sense of belonging is a joke.







Judging from the source of funds for the activities, the signs point directly to the British. Considering the current international situation, the British government does have the motive to provoke a continental war. " It is best to check the funds of the activities. There are two major sponsors of the Italian independent organization. The Austrian government did not contribute the money, so it must be the British government.


Finance Minister Mark-Leo von Joseph: "The truth is no longer important. The key is is it possible to avoid war?" If possible, it is best to push the time back ten years, even five years, by which time we will be able to kill the French in one go. " It is the most ideal state to solve the French at once. The anti-French war has not been able to really solve France, which is enough to explain many problems.






Judging from the current situation, we must prepare for the worst. Merely shocking may not dissuade the French from their ambitions. " Austria's development plan for the Near East has already begun to emerge. Ordinary people don't feel it deeply, but they can't hide it from shrewd politicians.









The problem has been clarified. Politicians can’t even try to be ostriches. If they don’t complete the Central European strategy, France will always be at a disadvantage in future international competition. Franz, who had been silent for a long time, slowly said: " There is no need to look forward to it. At this point, the French government has no choice.





Inform the governments of all states to convene an imperial conference on the 11th of next month to discuss the issue of resisting the French invasion. " No matter where the French attack direction is, Franz is determined to head for the Suez Canal anyway.




Although the judicial system was unified , but in order to protect judicial fairness from outside interference, the judicial system of the new Holy Roman Empire was independent from the government, including courts, anti-corruption bureaus and other judicial departments, which only needed to be accountable to the emperor. In this context, the high degree of autonomy The state governments and the central government are naturally powerless.



Unfortunately, it has enjoyed the dividends of expansion. In recent years, Austria's overall economic development has been good, and the reputations of various state governments have been good. The central government has no chance to intervene at all. Things are different now. Once a war breaks out, states The government has no way to refuse the central government's unification, especially the front-line states. They cannot withstand it without the support of the central government.




Chapter 886: The Troublemaker is Online.





...British Foreign Secretary George in London pointed to the map of Europe on the wall and said: "The plan has been going smoothly so far.




According to the current situation, if we don't help, it is very likely that Austria will form an anti-French coalition after the war breaks out, and it will bring Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, Spain and other countries to besiege the French ." Expansion of arms and preparations for war can be It's not child's play, especially when the situation is tense. As soon as the government expands its military, it sends a signal of war to the outside world.







"I remember that the Spanish is supported by the French. The relationship between France and Spain has been very good in the past ten years. There is no government reason for them to turn to Austria, right?" After the revolution broke out in Spain, the Bourbon royal family went into exile in France. Napoleon III made a deal with the Bourbons, supporting Alfonso XII in exchange for the Bourbons not causing trouble for him.








After the incident, they did not take correct measures to win over other countries. Instead, they sent people to warn and threaten." As good neighbors, France and Spain have never been at war. On the other hand, the Habsburg Dynasty also made outstanding contributions.












Moreover, the French government is used to being strong. If it suddenly puts down its power to win over other countries, it will make everyone have bad ideas." This is fair, but it is really not the case to win over allies. France's strength is to compete with Austria in this area. Apart from labor and effort, it is difficult to have a substantial effect. It is not as effective as deterrence by force.



"The Ministry of Foreign Affairs must find a way to keep all countries neutral. Otherwise, if the five countries join forces, the French will have no chance of winning!" The French are confident. It has been propaganda for decades, and high-level government officials are listening to this sentence. Growing up, I subconsciously believed that the French Army was invincible.







They It is a neutral country. As long as the French do not take the initiative to cause trouble, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is sure to persuade the Swiss government to be neutral." There is no way to do it. France and Austria are facing each other because of Belgium and the German Confederation. If the French want to invade their territory, it is simply impossible to neutralize the two countries.






Chapter 887 Vittorio Emanuele III


















Jonas, the Austrian minister in London: "Your Majesty, the European War is about to break out, and your opportunity to restore the country has come." The young Vittorio Emanuele III smiled slightly: "That is just an opportunity, the French The strength of the country is still strong.

It is still very difficult for Italy to get rid of the rule of France. Unless your country can severely damage the French on the battlefield, otherwise, relying on the strength of independent organizations will simply lead to death." This is the key to the problem and also the controversy. Focus.









If you wait until the overall situation is decided before participating, then we will not be able to Guarantee the territorial integrity of your country." This is a naked "threat." Apparently Jonas has determined that Vittorio Emanuele III cannot cooperate with the French, and he must obtain Austria if he wants to restore his country. support.


"Your Excellency, Minister, ensuring the territorial integrity of Italy is our bottom line! If we cannot do this, there is no need to talk." Minister Jonas reminded: "Your Majesty, you are only the King of Sardinia and have no qualifications. Representing the other three states.

In fact, we have reached an agreement with the representatives of the three states. Now we are talking to you only about the Kingdom of Sardinia." These days, Italy is just a place name. Now it is recognized internationally as four states. The Italian Independent Organization That was a grassroots team and had no legal significance.












After pausing for a while, Vittorio Emanuele III slowly said after adjusting his thoughts: "Your Excellency, Minister, we can find ways to contain the French, but with our strength, we do not have the ability to directly confront the French army." Seeing that his goal was achieved, Jonas smiled and replied: "Your Majesty, please rest assured that Austria will not cheat its friends.



In order to reduce losses, you can also call on the people to non-violently disobey. These They are all contributions." Hearing Jonas's explanation, Vittorio Emanuele III breathed a sigh of relief. They are best at shouting slogans. The shortcomings of independent organizations lie in the military.



As long as your contribution is large enough, you will receive territory and war compensation. It turns out that Satan You also have the opportunity to take back the territories that are disputed between King Din and the French." This is not a pie in the sky. As long as they win the war, no matter how their performance is, the disputed territories will be divided into the Kingdom of Sardinia.







Without any hesitation, Vittorio Emanuele III replied decisively: "Don't worry, Minister, we will do our best to cause trouble to the French!" The conditions are already very favorable, even better than those of Vittorio Emanuele III. Nuele III's previous expectations were much better. Austria had no intention of attacking the territory of the Kingdom of Sardinia.






Chapter 888: Bern










Benhard Heimer explained: "Your Excellency, Minister, Switzerland is a neutral country, and we will not participate in continental disputes." Bernhard Heimer had said similar words countless times, but he came to visit There is still an endless stream of people.






You must be aware of how ambitious the French are. If we don't stand up to stop them now and allow them to expand into Central Europe, we will definitely suffer serious consequences in the future." Benhard Heimer remained silent, thinking in his heart Deep down, he has complained countless times. In essence, the French ambitions were also indulged by Austria.



"Your Excellency, Minister, it is indeed very important to curb the expansion of the French, but our strength is limited and we really do not have the ability to participate in this war." It is impossible to participate in the war, and it is impossible to participate in the war in this life. To curb the actions of the French, we will only need to support them morally.




In return, your country can get Kongtai after the war. region. If your country is willing to send troops, you can also get the Sava region." I have to admit that Austria is very generous in the distribution of benefits. Even Bernhard Heimer, who had made up his mind to remain neutral, was a little tempted.






"Sorry, Your Excellency, Minister. We have no ambitions for French territory. Switzerland is just a small country and has never thought about external expansion." We must refuse. If we are indecisive at this time, it will spread that Switzerland is peeping at French territory. If France is allowed to Once people know this, the Swiss government can’t help it.




If your country is worried about security issues, Austria can completely provide you with protection. After the war, we will also sign a treaty to jointly contain France." After listening to Elie Decatz's explanation, Bernhard Heimer's heart Messy. If Austria's plan succeeds, the current French Empire will shrink by at least half.









But don't worry, we still stand with your country on the issue of containing France, and no third person will know about today's conversation. " Despite rejection, Bernhard Heimer still didn't want to offend Austria. Deep down, he felt that Austria would probably win.




However, out of the need to attack France, I hope that after the war breaks out, , your country can set up obstacles for the French in trade." If we can't reach an agreement now, it doesn't mean we won't be able to reach an agreement in the future. Once the anti-French coalition gains an advantage on the battlefield, it will be much easier to recruit Switzerland to join them.



France is not a member of the free trade system and the principles of free trade do not apply. After the war breaks out, we can prohibit the flow of strategic materials into France ." Verbal commitment, there is no pressure on Benhard Heimer. The embargo of strategic materials must also be viewed based on the actual situation.






Chapter 889 Armored Forces Go Online



















Alexander III: "Will the French accept our mediation?" There is no doubt that the key to quelling this turmoil lies with the French. As long as the French government is willing to abandon its Central European strategy, this war will not be fought.



From now on Judging from the situation, it is impossible for the two governments of Belgium and Germany to make such big concessions. Austria's attitude of not willing to fight a war has provided them with confidence." It is quite similar to the situation before the First World War, both the Allied Powers and the Entente Powers The confidence to win the war, whoever is a coward is a grandson.




After thinking about all this, Alexander III cursed: "Damn British guys, they know how to play these dirty tricks." No evidence is needed. From the perspective of benefits, you know that it is inseparable from the British.

"The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has asked me to find ways to delay the outbreak of the European War. No matter what method you use, including coercion, induction, and intimidation, the outbreak of the war must be postponed to the second half of next year." There is no way. If the European War breaks out immediately, it will be a disaster. The war in Afghanistan, with victory in sight, has become confusing.




If we did have the ability to intervene before the war in Afghanistan broke out, we could calm both sides down, but now the French may not buy it." It's not that the Russian Empire doesn't have enough dignity, the key is that the time is wrong, and several countries involved are expanding their arms and preparing for war.







… War was imminent, and Franz no longer cared about keeping secrets. The armor and tanks that had been hidden for a long time came out of the laboratory one after another and officially entered service in the Austrian army.













Looking at the armored forces being drilled, Franz asked with concern: "How long will it take for the armored forces to become combat effective?" Army Minister Feslav: "The armored forces are a new technical arm. We have never had one before. We have been in contact.


the enemy we have to face this time does not have armored units. We only have to deal with the French. The infantry and cavalry can be used improvised after another month or two of training." Strength and weakness are all relative, and if it is an evenly matched battle, it is natural to face it at its peak.


Franz nodded: "We still have plenty of time. Even if a war breaks out, the armored troops do not need to go to the front line immediately. Let's practice slowly according to the normal schedule. In the next three months, the armored troops will not fight. Mission." "Yes, Your Majesty!" Archduke Friedrich replied . There is no doubt that these armored units are the most important arms in the Austrian army. This unit is naturally under the command of his own people.





Chapter 890 Grain grabbing









Napoleon IV asked expectantly: "How far has the diplomatic work progressed? How many countries have accepted our goodwill?" Napoleon IV did not expect to win allies. European countries would not do anything that was obviously seeking the skin of a tiger.







Except for these countries with some influence, the remaining Greece and Montenegro have very limited strength and are not qualified to influence this war. They are also seriously affected by Austria and have no value in winning over. The Only Belgium, the German Confederation and Austria have achieved specific results by relying on the military to go to the battlefield." It can be seen that Karel Kadlec is an optimist. Even if he is one against three, he is still sure that the law will The army can win.








Napoleon IV nodded and affirmed: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs did a good job this time. Your job next is to stabilize these countries and prevent them from causing trouble." To deal with the three countries of Bideau alone, France will have to bear two fronts. Under the pressure of war, if other European countries join in, the war will be impossible to fight.







Other materials are easy to say, but the problem is coal and food. Once the three countries impose a material embargo on us, For transportation and coal, we can only rely on the British, and food can only be sourced from overseas." The French government does not have a complete emergency reserve system. Even if there is food and coal in storage, it is spontaneously hoarded by capitalists in order to make war profits.








Is it possible that the Vienna government has too much money to spend? Even if it wants to win over the Russians, there is no need to go to such trouble. ." Due to the tense situation in Europe, international food prices have soared significantly. At this time, if the price is 25% higher, the price of purchased food will be twice as expensive as before.



If nothing else happens, the food being snapped up is not only from Russia, but also from the Americas They also cut off the food of various countries in advance. If they can't defeat us on the battlefield, they will naturally resort to such despicable methods. Moreover, the cost they pay may not be as high as we imagined.





As long as we persist for a few months, these problems will be solved when we defeat the enemy." There are insufficient grain reserves, and we can't buy enough grain overseas. What else can we do besides finding ways to intercept the flow? ?







On the one hand, the storage time is too long, which increases storage costs and losses. If the grain is unsaleable and the new grain turns into old grain, it will be worthless; on the other hand, too much grain is squeezed into the hands, which will occupy a lot of working capital. Increase operational risks.


From now on, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will rush to buy food all over the world. I don't want to I believe the Austrians can buy up all the food." ...



Chapter 891 Qualified Bureaucrats





















By the way, I will contact those who run away and do not return within a week, and their names will be The identity of the spy appears on the wanted notice." It's not enough to be ruthless. The mess breaks out at this time, which is enough to kill anyone. Rafael has not lived enough and cannot bear the blame.



Cole's man replied with a bitter look on his face: "Your Excellency, once this order is issued, I am afraid that all the remaining people will run away. The problem now is not money. If it is just a compensation, everyone will not run away." So fast.





The best we can do is It is impossible to complete the government's tasks by paying a high price to resell a small amount of grain from other countries." After listening to Cole's explanation, Rafael finally understood why so many officials ran away.





If it really doesn’t work, let’s borrow a batch of food from the food wholesalers we cooperate with for emergency use. The food on the farm has to be sold to them anyway.” Deep in his heart, Rafael deeply despised the hand. Those bureaucrats who are running away in a hurry have no ability to adapt to changes.


Remember, as long as Algeria and Morocco Just reduce the farm's production. Don't do anything in Egypt yet. If you try too hard, you will be discovered. The total of production reduction and harvest failure is tentatively set at about 25%. Let the people below not try to be smart.


I made excuses for the rest, and after the war broke out, I tried to find a way to shift the blame to the Austrians. " It is impossible to completely eliminate the harvest. If this were the case, it is estimated that Napoleon IV would kill people.




There is no doubt that the water content of France’s farm plan is several times or dozens of times. The specific amount of water depends on the integrity of the bureaucrats in charge. In a sense Said that Rafael’s allocation also takes into account the principle of fairness.






"Yes, Count! " Now Cole admires Count Rafael so much that such a big matter was solved in just a few words.




Chapter 892 Acceleration






But don't you think it's a pity that such good food is burned like this?" Wu Albert said helplessly: "There is no way. The French are sharpening their knives and want to invade my motherland.


Not long ago, there was a rumor in Europe After receiving the news, Austria finally officially intervened. It also issued a proclamation ordering the French to stop war actions, otherwise it would call on all countries in the world to impose a material embargo on France .It is said that Thirteen countries have announced their participation. This is to avoid The only chance for war.

As long as the French cannot buy enough strategic materials, they will not be able to launch a war of aggression, and my motherland will be protected from the threat of war." There is naturally an announcement. In order to occupy the moral high ground, in recent times, Lantzko issued many declarations to persuade the French to step back from the brink.












Odell sighed with emotion: "You are really a patriotic businessman! But as long as you don't sell the food to the French, why do you need to burn it?" What is Popular these days is that capital has no borders, and patriotic businessmen are definitely rare creatures. Most businessmen They only have interests in their eyes.

Ulbert replied righteously: "I will not sell to the French. There are other people who will sell the grain to the French. As long as it is resold, the final flow of the grain is beyond my control. As far as I As you know, in order to put pressure on the French, the Austrian government is also sweeping goods from the market.




In order to avoid the worst thing from happening, it is better to burn it." ...















Poor people are still running around for three meals a day and worrying about keeping warm..." Whether the ironic news is about Franz or Napoleon IV is a question worth discussing.

But the mentality The good Franz, by default, was satirizing Napoleon IV, and quietly sent people to change the emperor to the French Emperor. The subsequent behavior of burning supplies was also interpreted as a means for the people to oppose French hegemony, but it was a pity that it was unscrupulous Capitalists took advantage of it and ended up hurting the world by mistake.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Your Majesty, these are diplomatic notes sent by various countries. They hope that we can exercise restraint and stop our current economic tactics. " What is supposed to come will come. In any case, Austria is the cause of the matter. There is nothing wrong with people protesting.


The answer is: No! No matter how rich the Austrian government is, it will not Methods to buy up all the supplies from all over the world. In fact, only a small part of the supplies were actually bought by the Austrian government.




When the country does not have enough, it is natural to restrict exports. France is not a member of the free trade system, so it must be the unlucky one. As for some small countries that have been accidentally injured, Franz can only It's a pity. After all, there is no perfect strategy in this world, and it is inevitable that someone's interests will be damaged.

Franz asked with concern: "How much have commodity prices in the international market increased compared with a year ago? " Weisenberg: "The overall price has been raised by 31.4%, the price of coal has increased by 94.1%, the price of grain has increased by 144.1%, and the price of steel has increased by 79.7%..." After hesitating for a moment, Franz said slowly : “The price is almost the same, let’s start shipping! If this continues, everyone will be unable to sit still. " Although the economic tactics are good, the problem is that public anger is hard to offend. Forget about making a profit, if the game continues, governments will definitely intervene.




Prime Minister Karl objected: "Your Majesty, if we start shipping now, these supplies will flow into the hands of the French..." In a sense, the Austrian government is now shipping, which increases the French's war effort. Potential can also be regarded as a kind of "enemies".









Selling supplies now not only gives the governments of various countries a face, but also takes the opportunity to make a fortune and cheat the French. Why not do it? " This is a fact. Whether the French government is willing to accept it or not, prices have gone up anyway. If you want to buy, you must accept high prices.

After thinking for a moment, Prime Minister Karl nodded: "If this is the case, then we'd better stimulate Look at the French and start a war before shipping. " What we have to do must be done. The highest price point will definitely be after the war breaks out. The French have not launched a war for a long time. The biggest problem is that they do not have enough strategic materials.


The French are not stupid either. They naturally considered the consequences of the continuation of the war. After all, in addition to Bede, the enemy this time also has the giant Austria. A war between major powers cannot be ended in one battle. , there is still a chance for a comeback. As long as the enemy refuses to compromise, the war will continue. Once the materials are purchased, it does not mean that they can be used immediately. They have to be transported back to the country for processing, which will take several months or even longer. cycle.



Chapter 893: Forced to Conquer and the Trigger On












Recently, Austria has strengthened its ties with the Nordic Federation and Portugal. If it continues to be delayed, the situation will only become more and more unfavorable to us." Brain supplement The most frightening thing is that the Austrian government has frequently contacted dignitaries from various countries and announced that it is strengthening business cooperation.










There are various signs that all this is controlled by Austria, and they are trying to use these means to defeat us outside the battlefield!" War between major powers is not only on the battlefield, but also on the battlefield. The outside is also full of swords and swords.





The current situation is more like Austria controlling it, pulling in the big drama prepared by other countries for us, trying to make us fall into disarray." After being emperor for so many years, Napoleon IV is no longer a newbie. Novice. There are no secrets in politics. National politics and diplomacy revolve around interests.






We are not a member of the free trade system, and we are at a disadvantage when it comes to purchasing strategic materials. The domestic economy is also slightly inferior to that of Austria, and it is not suitable for a protracted war with Austria." Napoleon IV understood that it was not the ministers who were anxious, but the domestic capitalists.









Before Napoleon IV could make a decision, the attendant hurriedly shouted outside the door: "Your Majesty, there is an urgent military situation on the front line." The situation in Europe was already very tense. At this time, even if the anti-French alliance came first, no one would feel it. strangeness.

After hearing the urgent military situation, Napoleon IV naturally did not dare to neglect: "Bring it in quickly!" ...

After a moment, Napoleon IV slowly said: "There is news from the front line that three soldiers were patrolling at the border between us and Belgium. , were suddenly attacked by the enemy, two were killed and one was missing." This was not the first time for border friction, but the death of people had never happened before.













Either... or else..." Seeing Napoleon IV's increasingly ugly face, at the end, Prime Minister Terrence Burkin couldn't continue speaking, and his voice became broken.


Recommended book: "The No. 1 Ruthless Man in Southern Ming Dynasty" "People" A new book by a historical master who knows everything in one sleeve, reborn Yongli Emperor Zhu Youlang, and becomes a ruthless man to save the Ming Dynasty...



Chapter 894 Confused Belgium After


























After regaining consciousness, Leopold II asked: "What did the German and Austrian ministers say?" Concession was impossible, not to mention the huge compensation, the murderers and missing soldiers did not exist at all, the Belgian government I can't hand it over.

Foreign Minister Jules replied bitterly: "The German minister did not give a clear answer and we have to wait for the domestic decision. The Austrian minister said that no matter what decision we make, we will support it, including going to war with France." War is easier said than done. When the fight breaks out, Belgium is the biggest victim.




























The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will negotiate with the French as much as possible. We need time..." (End of Chapter)


Chapter 895 Declaration of War On



Franz of the Vienna Palace asked: "Has the German Federation not come out with the result yet?" The strength of Belgium alone cannot stop the French. If you want to wait until Austrian reinforcements arrive, the cooperation of North Germany is particularly important at this time.








George I behaved very negatively and He did not rush to urge everyone to send troops, and it seems that he wanted to preserve his strength." People have selfish motives, and Franz was sure that both Germany and Belgium hoped that France and Austria would both suffer losses, or even die together, in order to gain the greatest benefits.









As for George I, ignore him for the time being. Once the war breaks out, they will not be able to escape at all." Franz still had integrity, and the dispatch of troops was only delayed by a week, fully worthy of being called an ally.










Alexander III of St. Petersburg angrily reprimanded: "What does the Ministry of Foreign Affairs do?

Let you delay the outbreak of the European War. How long has it passed before the situation became uncontrollable..." From the moment he entered the room, Oscar Xi Menez lowered his head and tried to reduce his presence as much as possible, but he still didn't hide away.






After Alexander III finished venting, Oscar Jimenez tentatively explained: "Your Majesty, the European continental war has been brought forward mainly because the French economy cannot sustain it. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has made emergency preparations, and we have signed a contract with Austria. Even if a continental war breaks out, our supply of strategic materials will be guaranteed.

With the industrial strength of the three anti-French alliance countries, there is no problem in supporting multi-front operations. A continental war will not affect the Afghan battlefield." From a purely industrial strength perspective, the Anti-French Alliance has an absolute advantage. The combined industrial strength of Germany and Germany is already very close to France.









From now on, everyone prays that the Austrians will be more effective, otherwise the Russian Empire will also suffer. At the same time, we also pray that the Austrians will not be too capable, and they will be defeated in just three or five. French, then we will have to give up the European hegemony!" Alexander III couldn't help but be angry. Before the European War started, the Russian Empire's strategic initiative was completely gone.











Chapter 896 George I in Action












In the Hanover Palace, George I was cursing endlessly at this moment: "Damn British liars, they are all a bunch of children..." It can be seen from his expression that George I was deceived by the British.














At the same time, strengthen ties with allies, eliminate previous misunderstandings, and find ways to win this war." Prime Minister Aivar After persuading him to ignore the Prime Minister, George I asked: "What do the British say? Shouldn't they give us an explanation when something like this happened?" The central government of the German Federation led by Hanover was pro-British from top to bottom. , even the most pro-Austrian faction in the German Federation is a very small minority here.



"The British government said this was a misunderstanding. They are communicating with France. Let us stay calm first." Foreign Minister Weidelund replied anxiously. It can indeed be regarded as a misunderstanding. At least France and Germany have not declared war on each other. In theory, it is still There is a possibility of mediation.








..." At the critical moment, George I still showed the qualities that a monarch should have, A series of orders were issued in an orderly manner.














"Your Majesty, in view of the current complex international situation, the British are very likely to stand with the French. I propose to suspend the payment of the British loans." Prime Minister Aivar redressed that the Moral Federation was cheated by the British. As a pro-British faction, The leader, Prime Minister Aivar, who believes in the promise of the British, must be responsible.



"I'm afraid this won't work. It's true that the British government is supporting the French, but it's all secretly. On the surface, Britain is still a neutral country. If we declare a debt default at this time, it is very likely that the British will really be forced to side with the French. The situation will be even more unfavorable to us." Foreign Minister Weidelund We are in the 19th century, and defaulting on debts is not fun. Forced collection is a common thing. The only European country that is really successful in defaulting on debts these days is the Russians.





When necessary, commitments can be made to the British, as long as France We will resume payments as soon as they withdraw their troops." George I was forced to rely on the British. The German Confederation had money, but the local states had money, and the central government had always been extremely poor.








Chapter 897 Southern Front
















"Your Highness, Admiral Morquez has arrived in the drawing room." The attendant's voice pulled Prince Lutburd out of his thoughts.

"Okay, I'll be there right away!" After adjusting his clothes and looking in the mirror to make sure that he wouldn't be rude, Prince Lutebird strode out.










In order to ensure the logistics supply of the frontline troops, I hope that you can provide 350,000 laborers and requisition Lombardy." All railways." They only asked for labor, not soldiers, because the army was not under the control of the local government, even the reserve force.

Upon hearing these two requests, Prince Lutbod frowned: "General, your request is too high. The Lombard Kingdom has a population of less than four million, and currently there are 200,000 people serving in the army. The loss of 350,000 laborers has almost wiped out all our young people.

Especially since you have to requisition all the railways, domestic production and life will be disrupted. I'm afraid..." In the war years, the border The people in the area are miserable!







In addition, I hope you can expropriate some vehicles from civilians, such as trucks, horse-drawn carriages, and ox carts. , donkey carts...We will accept everyone who comes." Before the war breaks out, you will never know how lacking your preparations are.












Now that so many vehicles need to be requisitioned, is the general ready to take the initiative?" Admiral Morquez said with a smile: "Your Highness the Prince The news is not very accurate! Mechanization is just a concept proposed by the military. It is the trend of military development in the future, but it is not now.



Considering the complex terrain and poor traffic in Italy, we must Have a variety of means of transportation to avoid when the time comes..." After getting the answer he wanted, Prince Lutbird breathed a sigh of relief. Then I got a headache again, and cooperation was a must.











"Did you catch the mouse?" Rats are synonymous with Italian independent organizations. Since France annexed Italian regions, bureaucrats have had an additional activity of catching rats.

"Marshal, you know that these rats are too timid and don't show up at all..." (End of Chapter)


Chapter 898 Thrilling Return

"Idiot! Don't you know how to deal with mice?" Looking at his men who were still confused, Marshal Adrian explained helplessly: "To catch mice, use cats. Such a simple question, Don't you think?


I will use threats and inducements. Not everyone is a tough guy. As long as I catch one, I can lead him. Get out of a nest." Coercion and induction are not a new method. France had already used it when it annexed the Italian region, and the effect was quite good.


The middle-aged officer was confused: "But Marshal, we have no right to interfere in local affairs. Interfering rashly may cause dissatisfaction with the local government." If a country wants to be stable, the separation of military and political affairs is an indispensable part. There is no doubt that France is a country where military and political affairs are separated.




"Send a message to the cabinet to explain the situation and ask them to find ways to coordinate the local government and cooperate with us in wiping out the Italian rebels who are colluding with Austria." Adrian was well aware of the shitty nature of French bureaucrats. Those who hold high positions are those who believe in "doing less is worse than doing more".



...The outbreak of the European War in London should be great news for the Italian revolutionary organization, but Vittorio Emanuele III is not happy now.






"Finn, how is the communication with the British going? Are they willing to support our restoration now?" The British's foreign policy is fickle, and their support for Italian independence organizations also changes frequently.







"Your Majesty, the British have rejected our proposal on the grounds that the situation is unclear." It can be seen from the desperate expression on Finn's face that the situation is more serious than what he said.


After sighing, Vittorio Emanuele III said helplessly: "I should have thought of it a long time ago. There have been so many guards outside recently, obviously to keep an eye on us. It seems that the British The second time is to support the French, and I am worried that if we go back and join forces with the Austrians now, the French will lose the war." Vittorio Emanuele III now regrets not only regrets. Prior to this, the Austrian minister had invited him to Milan many times to direct the Italian independence movement at close range.









Now is the closest opportunity we have to the restoration of our country. If we miss this opportunity, it will be difficult to restore our country in the future." The European balancing policy is a trick of the British, and it has nothing to do with everyone. It doesn't matter at all, even if we have to consider it, it will be a problem after the restoration of the country is successful.



It's just that the British are keeping a close eye on us, and we can't leave at all." If you can't get to the British Isles, you won't be able to cross the border illegally." In order to restore the country, everyone present was a social activist and often attended various banquets.





If the British find out, even It's possible..." Before Fein could finish his words, Vittorio Emanuele III interrupted: "Anything you do requires taking risks, and our ongoing restoration movement itself is the highest risk. .

Tell me your plan, Finn. As long as it can revive Italy, I am willing to take any risks." It is not that Vittorio Emanuele III has a fearless spirit, but under the European political system, as a king There is almost no need to worry about safety. Their personal safety is jointly protected by all countries.









At night Shi and Dr. Jack left. Under the cover of darkness, we put on makeup for His Majesty, and the chance of hiding it from the guards was very high. It was rest time at night, and even if someone came to visit, we could excuse him by saying that His Majesty was not feeling well.



To be on the safe side, we can also ask the Austrians to arrange a few more ships to sail in different directions at the same time to distract the British." Typical Li Daitaojiang does not have much technical content, but it is the best choice for Vittorio Emanuele III to get out of the cage at the moment.







Vittorio Emanuele III said fiercely: "I decided to take a gamble! For the sake of great Italy, the next thing will be done away with everyone." The risk is within the controllable range. Even if it fails, the situation will be different. It won't be worse than it is now, so there is no reason for anyone to object.



















Chapter 899 Encounter



















The experienced first mate reminded: "Captain, something is wrong. The two warships behind seem to be targeting us." After hearing the first mate's words, Petra went straight to the observation room without saying a word, picked up the telescope and looked at Looking behind.




Send the order to speed up. We must arrive in the Netherlands as soon as possible. After completing this task, all income will be increased by half." The first mate He replied cheerfully: "No problem, Mr. Captain." Everyone risked their lives to go to the sea to make a living, and what they got was money. As long as you have enough money, everything is easy to discuss.







"What's going on? Could it be that we encountered pirates?" For safety reasons, when Vittorio Emanuele III left, he arranged for multiple cargo ships to leave the port at the same time. He just chose one at random.






For the safety of everyone, I hope you can open your hearts and explain things clearly so that you can make a decision." I heard that the warship was chasing me . , Vittorio Emanuele III’s expression changed drastically, and he sighed helplessly.

Thinking of the heavy responsibility he shouldered, Vittorio Emanuele III forced himself to calm down and said slowly: "Your Excellency, Captain, there is still a lot of cargo on the Fulda, right?" Captain Petra ordered. Nodding, the cargo ship must be carrying cargo, there is no need to doubt it.


Including bed sheets, quilt covers, personal items , weapons and ammunition, food and water are only reserved for half a day, and everything possible is done to reduce the weight." Vittorio Emanuele III's understatement shocked Captain Petra, and then exclaimed: "This is impossible! I will die if I lose these goods!" It's really not an exaggeration, with Petra Terra's net worth, after losing this cargo, had no choice but to go bankrupt.


Now, what you have to do is Throw away these unnecessary things, find a way to speed up the boat, and get rid of the pursuers behind." Compensation?






Don't forget, the warship is If they have artillery, they can attack from a long distance, but the small body of the Fulda cannot withstand the torment." It doesn't matter whether it's money or not, the key is that life is important. Civilized law enforcement is not popular these days. What the Navy likes most is to use cannonballs to speak.

Vittorio Emanuele III frowned and asked with concern: "Are the warships coming to pursue British or French?" Captain Petra rolled his eyes and answered in a very exaggerated tone. Said: "It's not certain yet. But the warship we set out from London to pursue should be British.


God, I am so unlucky! This kind of thing can happen to me , It's simply terrible..." Vittorio Emanuele III waved his hand: "Captain, don't be so pessimistic. If it were a British warship, they would not dare to fire.

I don't think you are here. It's a waste of time here. It's better to clear the warehouse quickly. At least we have a greater chance of escaping. Otherwise, if everyone falls into the hands of the British, I will be fine, but you will be dead. Believe me, they I will hang you." Regicide is not something ordinary people can do. Although the gold content of the throne on Vittorio Emanuele III's head is somewhat low, the king is the king.






Captain Petra's face darkened, and after a moment he said: "Okay, you win. But Your Excellency, you'd better give me a satisfactory explanation, otherwise we will break up." There is no way to compromise. . Petra has not lived enough and is not ready to seek death.


If you perform better, even if you are given a title, it will not be No." Noble titles are very valuable in Europe, and they are also very cheap. At least the title of the Kingdom of Sardinia is worthless now.









"No problem, Your Excellency, I'll do it right away!" After saying that, she glanced at Vittorio Emanuele III, and Petra withdrew.

















The first mate said in panic: "Your Excellency, Captain, the British behind us have signaled, asking us to stop the ship for inspection, or else we will fire." That is the Royal Navy, and everyone who works at sea these days knows that it is the last person in the world to mess with. It's the British Royal Navy.




Petra suppressed her discomfort and said: "Reply them, this is the high seas and does not belong to British jurisdiction. They have no right to inspect." The first mate said with a trembling voice: "Can the captain do this? If they really fire, Then we are doomed.

Otherwise, we can stop the ship for inspection. Anyway, there is nothing on the ship that is worthy of them..." " They came for me, but that is not important anymore. Send a flag to tell them that they want to kill. Just fire!" The sudden sound startled the two of them, and at some point, Vittorio Emanuele III appeared behind them.





Chapter 900 Crisis on the Western Front









The officer in charge of the semaphore said excitedly: "Colonel, we met Vittorio Emanuele III on the warship in front. He has already identified himself." In order to capture the runaway Vittorio Emanuele III Emanuele III, the London government was very ruthless, and the Royal Navy almost came out in full force.






"Then what are you waiting for? Let them stop the ship immediately and ask Vittorio Emanuele III to come over." Colonel Richard bit the word "please" very hard. No matter how down-and-out the king is, he is still a king and must be given enough respect.


The young officer's face suddenly turned ugly, and he replied with a headache: "We have already sent out an invitation, but Vittorio Emanuele III did not agree. He also warned us not to follow, otherwise anything will happen in the process. If there is an accident, we will be responsible for it." In the end, he finally reacted and the young officer decisively chose to avoid the easy matter and did not directly say the threatening words of Vittorio Emanuele III.



After glaring at the young officer, Colonel Richard reprimanded: "If he refuses, you won't persuade him!" That's right, it's persuasion. No matter how destitute, for most ordinary people, Vittorio Emanuele is Eli III is a big shot.


Give the order to speed up. Put pressure on them..." ...










Suddenly, a few small black dots appeared on the horizon, and the crew at the observation platform reported: "A fleet of ships has been spotted ahead, heading in our direction." Vittorio Emanuele III breathed a sigh of relief. , and immediately said: "That's the ship that came to pick us up. Get over to it immediately." After saying that, he pretended to be calm and entered the cabin.

The middle-aged man accompanying us couldn't help but remind him: "Your Majesty, we chose our own departure route this time. Even the Austrians don't know the specific route and have not arranged a ship to pick it up!" After so many years in exile, the Italian independence organization is also full of frustration. I have been severely beaten by society and now I don’t trust anyone.


Vittorio Emanuele III said slowly: "It doesn't matter now whether there is anyone to respond, as long as someone knows that I am on the Fulda. It is now less than a hundred nautical miles away from the Netherlands. There are only two British warships chasing them. They are unable to kill everyone in a fleet.

Once they get close, tell them that there is a noble king on the Fulda. As long as the British officers pursuing behind are not stupid , they will let us go." Theoretically, the Royal Navy would not dare to kill the king. But everything is unexpected, and in this vast sea, the loss of a ship is not a big deal.














"The situation is becoming increasingly unfavorable to us. When will reinforcements from Germany and Austria arrive?" Frankly speaking, the performance of the Belgian army this time was still passable. Being able to resist the French attack on the battlefield for half a month with a disadvantaged force is already a success.

Foreign Minister Jules replied: "The main force of the Austrian army arrived in Baden yesterday afternoon. The leading force has already arrived in the Rhineland and is expected to enter our country in five days. The mobilization speed of the German Federation is slower. Currently, only the western states Military mobilization has been completed, and the eastern states are still in progress.

However, the troops mobilized by the western states did not arrive at the front line immediately. We have communicated with the German federal government, and they have nothing to do with these states. " Lack of unity of command is a stubborn problem of the German Federation. Without these internal problems, they would have joined the club of great powers long ago.

Leopold II asked doubtfully: "A few days ago, didn't George I say that he would go to the front line to supervise the war? Why is there no news?" War is both a risk and an opportunity. After finally ascending to the throne of emperor, George I naturally couldn't help it. Will give up easily.















The main reason is that the Austrians will not give him this opportunity. Once the Vienna government intervenes, all the efforts made by George I will be in vain." Foreign Minister Jules explained, leaving Leopold II in tears. Whether the German region is unified or not has nothing to do with Belgium.



After pondering for a moment, Leopold II said fiercely: "Urge the Vienna government again and tell them that if there are no more reinforcements, we will surrender...it's over." Fortunately, Leopold II responded in time Come over, otherwise we will make a joke of threatening allies with "surrender".














