
Chapter 901 Osa Agreement


"General De Smet, are your troop deployments in the coastal areas too weak?" There is no way. The anti-French alliance has advantages in all aspects, but is at a disadvantage in the navy.













Besides, the French offensive is too "Feng, our main forces have been invested in frontline operations, and there are no enough troops to deploy to the coastal areas." Admiral De Smet was very helpless. It was not that he was unaware of the dangers in the coastal areas. The problem was that there were not enough troops in hand. We must Take care of the more important battlefields first.


Archduke Albrecht shook his head: "Your Majesty General, this judgment may not be a problem twenty years ago, but it is not possible now. The French can completely use warships as bait to expose your shore artillery fire points, and then use airship troops to carry out the attack. Bombing.


Don't doubt the determination of the French government. Warships are not as valuable as you think. France drags out warships for target practice every year. There are many of them." The combat effectiveness of airships has been proven, especially during fixed-point bombing, airships can exert greater power.














The main reason now is that there is insufficient strength. , were completely suppressed by the French. When reinforcements from your country arrive, the situation will change." After more than half a month of fighting, it was not without help. At least the Belgian military's fear of the French has been eliminated a lot.




















Vittorio Emanuele III asked with great concern: "Your Excellency, where is the war situation in Italy in your country? When will I be able to lead the Italian independence movement from the front?" There is no way, Vittorio ·Emanuele III has been greatly stimulated recently, especially when he was under house arrest in Britain, which stimulated him even more.



Believe me, Vienna is not You will be disappointed. This is the most beautiful city in the world." After speaking, Weisenberg picked up a glass of red wine and took a sip. Looking at Vittorio Emanuele III who looked anxious, a smile appeared on his lips.








But now the people of Sardinia are still suffering under the enslavement of the French. As their king, I have no I am very ashamed of my ability to rescue them, and I really have no shame to do anything else." For Vittorio Emanuele III, there is no pressure to put down his body and flatter him.




"Your Majesty, don't worry. God will punish the French invaders, and the Kingdom of Sardinia will eventually gain independence. Austria is different from France. We are a peace-loving country. We have no ambitions for the territory of Italy and will not expand in Italy.






The specific figures are based on actual post-war conditions. The expenses are determined. Of course, if you can make a certain contribution on the battlefield, then a portion of the amortization can be reduced accordingly." After hearing "Ossa Friendship", Vittorio Emanuele III looked slightly unhappy. nature.











After hesitating for a moment, Vittorio Emanuele III tentatively asked: "How many troops did the French army invest on the southern front?" In addition to the tense battle situation and urgent need for allies, Vittorio Emanuele III Emanuele III could no longer think of a reason for Austria to offer such loose conditions.




If it were not to liberate the Italian region and help other countries get rid of the enslavement of the French, we would not be entangled with them on the southern front." I know. Vittorio Emanuele III had doubts in his heart, but Weisenberg had no intention of explaining.

















Chapter 902: Brainless strategy?














...Although Paris was well prepared, Napoleon IV was still stunned by the bad international situation. The British, who originally had high hopes, did not play their due role.



Throwing away the "Ossa Agreement" in his hand, Napoleon IV roared: "How did Vittorio Emanuele III get to Vienna? What do the British want to do?" He couldn't help but be angry. There was no one in the French army. With nearly a quarter of the Italian soldiers, Vittorio Emanuele III was a time bomb in Austrian hands.











"Your Majesty, the British government explained that this was an accident. Vittorio Emanuele III left secretly, and they found out it was too late. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has confirmed that the British did restrict Vittorio O. Emanuele III left the country, but the responsible official committed malfeasance and allowed him to slip away." When saying this, Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec looked embarrassed. You must know that persuading the British to restrict Italian independent organizations from leaving the country is one of the achievements advertised by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.


Napoleon IV sneered and said sarcastically: "Accident?" "An accident would happen sooner rather than later, but at the critical moment, an accident happened. What kind of attention did the British pay? Do you need to say anything?" Maintenance The key to alliance relations is trust, but what is most lacking between Britain and France is trust. It's okay if you don't encounter any problems, but if you encounter problems, cracks will immediately appear in the alliance.


Forced to have no choice, Karel Kadlec could only bite the bullet and explain: "Your Majesty, the British are indeed unreliable, and we have never had hope for them. In the final analysis, the current unfavorable situation lies with our army. There was no breakthrough on the battlefield. As long as the anti-French alliance is defeated, everything will be reversed." In order to avoid being unlucky, Karel Kadlec decisively chose to pass the blame.



But this is just a small problem. We just use this opportunity to clean up the double-minded guys in the army." He said it right. It's easy. In fact, Luskinia had already begun to curse in her heart.

























However, with this strategy, we not only have to defeat the enemy on the front, but also expose both wings. Within the attack range of the French army, the greatest military risk needs to be borne. The biggest advantage of the final southern route strategy is that we can get help from the navy. The Adriatic Sea is our territory, so we don’t have to worry about logistics issues.

The risk is the lowest. The return is also the lowest. Apart from winning a battle and decorating the appearance, it basically has no great military value. If you want to expand the results, you must cross the North Apennine Mountains. Or advance along the peninsula to find a breakthrough.

This requires It is based on the situation where the French make mistakes, otherwise we will grab some territory and let the outside world think that we have the upper hand." Regardless of General Morquez's southern route strategy being said to be useless, in fact everyone knows that, He advocated launching a southern offensive.
















..." Praise, flattery without a bottom line.




Praise It is confusing. Fortunately, Admiral Morquez is in a high position and is used to hearing flattery, so his consciousness does not drift away. No matter how nice Vittorio Emanuele III said, it is nothing more than encouraging Austria to send troops to Turin , to help him regain his country.

These days, the credibility of European countries is not very good. Even Austria, which has a good reputation, Vittorio Emanuele III can't believe it. Not to mention that France and Austria have already started a war, and there is no chance that the situation will change. The two countries reconciled in the first place. Similar operations have happened too many times in the history of the European continent.



After calming down, Admiral Morquez said slowly: "Your Majesty, please don't worry. Our troops are sufficient and we can launch a three-line attack at the same time. " A three-front attack" is such a stupid strategy. Vittorio Emanuele III doubted his ears very much, whether he heard wrongly.

"Your Majesty Commander, are you preparing a two-front feint attack?" " It is not impossible to launch three fronts at the same time. The problem is that the logistics dispatch cannot keep up. Unless the Austrian troops stay in place and achieve no results.





Chapter 903 God of War




Looking in the direction of Turin, Vittorio Emanuele III sighed meaningfully: "Klosna, have you figured out the real purpose of the Austrians?" Vittorio Emanuele III Lai III is not a flower in the greenhouse. He has a clear understanding of his own value.





Last night, I also received several threatening letters, warning us not to make small moves, otherwise they are not polite." It can be seen that Kolossner is in a very depressed mood now. The Kingdom of Sardinia can only rely on Austria for its restoration. Under this background, how can he have the courage to make small moves?







"Forget it, if you don't understand, just wait! The people who informed us should go out as little as possible, so as not to cause the displeasure of local snakes." After saying that, Vittorio Emanuele III sighed. He was very helpless when this happened.

























In the next battle, we still need their cooperation to make the relationship tense. It’s not good for everyone.” Since ancient times, true love cannot be retained, only routines will last forever.


















Colonel Novick, who was lucky enough to escape, patted the dust from his mouth very experiencedly, and immediately cursed: "Damn it! Where is our artillery, why don't we launch a counterattack?" This is not the first time this has happened. , in just three days, Colonel Novick's headquarters had been hit by artillery shells countless times.



The deputy on the side replied helplessly: "Colonel, our artillery was also firing back, but it was suppressed by the enemy." Frankly speaking, there is not a big difference in the quality of artillery between France and Austria. The French army was under fire. The suppression was entirely due to the fact that the Austrian army was better prepared.







Colonel Novick shook his head: "Is this considered a counterattack? If you don't distinguish carefully, you won't hear the sound of our artillery at all. Send a message to the headquarters and request fire support.


If this continues, we won't wait for the enemy. If we attack, our troops will collapse first." No one can stand a battle where we just take a beating without fighting back. After days of bombing, the French soldiers on the front line have long lost their former pride.











Chapter 904: Battle for the Canal



Seeing the loss of fighter planes day by day, but the Austrian army doing nothing, Vittorio Emanuele III "sees it in his eyes and is anxious in his heart." As a top student who graduated from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, Vittorio Emanuele III still has basic military qualities even though he has never led a soldier.











The Central European battlefield requires a large number of troops, the Egyptian battlefield requires a large number of troops, and a large number of troops are invested in the southern front. Africa needs... Where can the French government get so many troops? With their population of more than 30 million, it is simply impossible to form such a large army.













...When you open the map of the Suez Canal , you will know that whoever controls this golden waterway will take the initiative in this war.

































"Fike, you idiot. I asked you to prepare a boat. It's just a few rags. If you put them in the water, they might sink on their own. What's the use?" A middle-aged officer roared at his men, looking at It turned out that he was really angry. They were originally prepared to launch a surprise attack on the Port of Suez, but when they arrived, they discovered that there was no ship at all.



But you can rest assured that the French ship on the opposite side has also been destroyed by us, so there is no need to worry about them launching a sneak attack." After hearing this explanation, the middle-aged officer's face became more and more ugly. got up. There were not enough ships, so one could only rely on a bunch of rafts to cross the river. One can imagine the difficulty.







Chapter 905: Battle for the Canal.











In view of the current situation, it is recommended that the headquarters approve the blowing up of the Suez Canal and fill in a channel." Bode Colonel Mann said helplessly.


























In the headquarters, Chief of Staff Von Frank said with a smile: "This is already the thirty-sixth telegram suggesting blowing up the Suez Canal. My Lord Commander, now is the time to make a decision." Admiral Feslav She glared at him angrily, rolled her eyes and said, "You think I don't want to, but the impact of blowing up the Suez Canal is too great. Just forget it if we can't use it ourselves. Anyway, the country has already prepared it, and we don't expect it to be used normally during the war.



If there is news at this time that we have blown up the canal, the international public opinion that was originally favorable to us may be reversed in an instant." Whether you want to admit it or not, war serves politics. As the top commander, Admiral Feslav had to consider the political implications.









"This is your problem. Who made you the commander? The staff is only responsible for formulating combat plans, and the political influence has nothing to do with us." Looking at the gloating chief of staff, General Feslav just wanted to punch him. But this can only be thought about.












"Colonel, it's time to take action. The enemy's searchlight has just swept over, and we only have fifteen minutes." The advent of the electric age has naturally been used in the military, such as searchlights on the battlefield.


"Attack!" ...


