Close
Holy Roman Empire-1130. Chapter 1109 The Tangled Tsar-69 Book Bar
2021-01-04 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1109 The Tangled Tsar

  The government is taking action, and the people are not idle either. The capital market reacted fastest. The prices of strategic materials in the futures market continued to rise, and the stock market also experienced two phases of ice and fire.

  Companies engaged in overseas trade are doubtful that all of them will fall. Instead, the military industry sector will rise rapidly.

  For their own benefit, capitalists engaged in overseas trade quickly took action and launched vigorous anti-war activities across Europe.

  Especially in small European countries, almost all the people participated together and submitted petitions to the British and Austrian embassies abroad, calling on the two countries to calm down and resolve the problem through negotiation.

  It's a pity that it's of no use. The British and Shinra chariots have already started, and they can't be stopped at all.

  It's not that Franz doesn't respect public opinion, on the contrary, the war was launched precisely because of public opinion. Although the anti-war voices among the people are rising, the voices for war are even louder!
  Apart from those whose interests have been harmed, the only people who oppose the war in the country are idealists. There is no doubt that these people's voices are insignificant compared to society as a whole.

  There is no way, the British deer is too fat. If the British Empire is still at its peak, everyone can only hold back their ambitions.

  The reality is very cruel. The British missed the second industrial revolution, which directly caused themselves to be at a disadvantage in international competition.

  Although everyone originally doubted the strength of the British, they were intimidated by the reputation of the Royal Navy and did not dare to act rashly for a while.

  However, as the British announced their withdrawal from the free trade system, their bottom line was suddenly exposed. Everyone suddenly discovered that the former world factory was now in decline.

  Once the weakness is exposed, it is obviously impossible to have the previous deterrence.

  There are still many smart people in this world. Franz can think of killing the British with numbers, and naturally there are people among the people who can think of it.

  With its advantage in industrial size, HRE can do exactly that: for every warship the British build, they build two of their own to compete with it.

  The navy is a technical arm, and it is also a scientific and technological arm. No matter how elite the Royal Navy is, it is impossible to defeat one against two at sea.

  At least when the performance of the warships on both sides is almost the same, it is impossible to fight one against two.

  So the question arises, why should the British be the boss when our country's comprehensive national strength is obviously stronger?

  This is not just a nameless dispute, there are also a lot of interests behind it. The biggest bonus is naturally currency hegemony, which is almost tied to world hegemony.

  In the past ten or twenty years, the British hegemony has not been stable enough, and even the currency hegemony of the pound has been taken away by Aegis.

  But no matter how much you share, it's not as good as eating alone. No one can refuse to kill the British and enjoy exclusive monetary hegemony.

  Not only that, the British also had the most fertile colonies in their hands, which was a great temptation for both nobles and common people.

  Turning over once is no joke. According to the consistent style of Emperor Franz, the most fertile land must be enfeoffed, and everyone has to be tempted.

  Everyone was looking forward to the moon, and finally waited until the British Empire fell. If we didn't take action quickly, what would happen if the British revived later?
  There is precedent for this. The old Holy Roman Empire is a typical example of rebirth from the ashes. No one can guarantee that the British can't do it.

  No matter how you look at it, Britain is now much stronger than the fragmented Shinra of the past, and its recovery is much less difficult.

  As long as they make some internal fine-tuning and make up for the lessons they missed during the second industrial revolution, they will still be an empire on which the sun never sets.

  There is no need to crush the strength of Shinra. As long as the strength of the two sides is close, the Vienna government cannot launch a challenge that is destined to lose both sides.

  Perhaps Britain will decline even more in the future, but everyone's patience has been worn out and they are unwilling to wait any longer.

  What's more, the British will not sit still and wait for death. If reform were really that simple, Campbell wouldn't stop.

  It is precisely because we have changed everything that can be changed that when it comes time to "reform", we are suddenly stuck. We have no choice but to suppress our competitors to consolidate our hegemony.

  As a result, looking back, our competitors have become giants. Not to mention suppressing competitors, it would be good if they are not suppressed by competitors.

  They were not willing to give up their hegemony, and the British were no exception. Driven by interests, the British Empire couldn't help but launch its chariot.

  St. Petersburg, ever since the conflict between HRE and Britain intensified, Nicholas II had an unknown premonition.

  Although he also dreamed of provoking a war between Britain and Austria in order to act as a fisherman and obtain the maximum benefit from it.

  But the time is wrong now! The Russian Empire was mired in the quagmire of the Far East and had no time to distract itself until the Japanese were dealt with.

  Not to mention that the fishermen benefited, even the Far East battlefield needed help from the Vienna government to be able to sustain it.

  In this context, let alone the fisherman who has benefited, he is lucky if the fish in the pond is not affected.

  When a war breaks out between Britain and HRE, the foreign trade of the entire Europe will be affected, and the Russian Empire will naturally be no exception.

  If it was just a simple loss of trade, Nicholas II would naturally not mind in order to allow Shinra and Britain to fight.

  The problem is that the logistics of the Russian army in the Far East battlefield are all transported from the European continent.

  Except for a small amount that was sent to the Far East through Siberia, most of them were transferred by sea and land through the Far Eastern Empire, and then handed over to the frontline troops through smuggling.

  When a war breaks out between HRE and Britain, sea lines of communication are bound to be affected. In particular, ships transporting strategic materials are the focus of mutual attacks between the two sides.

  Accidental injuries are unavoidable. If you encounter the Shinra Navy on the way, it will be a good thing. They will not detain your own ship. However, if you encounter the Royal Navy, it will be a tragedy.

  Nicholas II did not think that his own face would allow the British to be lenient. You must know that Britain and Japan are allies, and there has always been only hatred between Britain and Russia.

  If the supplies are seized halfway, the Russian officers and soldiers on the front line will be in tragedy. Without adequate logistical supplies, they would not be able to fight a war.

  Thinking of this, without any hesitation, Nicholas II immediately ordered: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs sent people to urge our previous orders, and at the same time increase orders to major military factories in the Shinra.

  At any cost, we must also grab Before the war between the two countries breaks out, strategic materials for at least one year will be sent to the Far East."

  There is no rush, time waits for no one. Any delay may lead to the failure of the war.

  Fortunately, the smuggling network has been opened. As long as the materials are sent to the Far Eastern Empire, someone will take over and be responsible for transporting them to the front line. The tsarist government only needs to pay.

  Foreign Minister Mikhailovich: "Your Majesty, isn't this too hasty? Piling up a large amount of strategic materials in the Far Eastern Empire and guarding against the Japanese causing trouble can easily cause accidents."

  This kind of worry is not unnecessary. Who makes them offend so many people! In recent decades, the Far Eastern Empire has been ruffling its wool, and the seeds of hatred have long been sown.

  The smuggling trade can proceed unimpeded. In addition to the high-level officials of the Far Eastern Empire hoping that both Japan and Russia would suffer losses, the more important thing is that the people responsible for transportation are Shanxi merchants who only care about money.

  If it falls into the hands of the nationalists, even if they don't lose the fire, there is no hope that it can be safely delivered to the destination.

  You must know that the Japanese are not idle. They are carrying out anti-Russian propaganda day and night, and they have outstripped the Russian propaganda department and strengthened it by at least a hundred streets.

  Nicholas II shook his head and said: "We can't care about so much now. It will be too late if it is later. Send the supplies to the Far Eastern Empire first and entrust them to the care of the Austrians.

  They have a good relationship with the Far Eastern Empire. In order to avoid affecting the relationship between the two countries, the Far East government will not take action on their goods.

  As long as the Holy Roman Empire does not lose in the battle for hegemony, no one will dare to act rashly."

  It can be seen that Nicholas II is in a very mood now contradiction.

  On the one hand, he needs the support of Shinra to win the ongoing Russo-Japanese War; on the other hand, he hopes that Shinra will be defeated. Only when Shinra is finished can the Russian Empire return to the center of the world.

  No matter how conflicted they are in their hearts, politically the Vienna government still needs to stand together. The golden brand of the Russian-Austrian alliance cannot be lost just like this.

  As for the British wooing, Nicholas II never took it seriously. The hatred between Britain and Russia was so deep that even the Tsar did not dare to give up easily.

  Forming an alliance with the enemy and turning around to attack the allies is a no-brainer. If you really want to do that, you have to change the tsar.

  There is only one Peter III, and there will always be only one. The Russians will not suffer the same loss a second time.

  Army Minister Yevgeny said: "Your Majesty, the enemy has increased the density of air patrols. In order to ensure the safety of the airship, we must increase escort efforts. The

  Ministry of War hopes to increase the purchase of aircraft to seize the battlefield in the Far East. air superiority."

  ...

  (End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1131. Chapter 1110 Difficult Choice-69 Book Bar
2021-01-06 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1110 A Difficult Choice

  International arms purchase orders have always been full of pitfalls. If you do not reserve a few additional payment items, you must not be a qualified arms dealer.

  Relatively speaking, the seller, the Vienna government, was already very conscientious and did not cause trouble on the airship. He even gave away a lot of spare parts.

  However, no matter how conscientious you are, you will inevitably open up additional additional businesses, and this time is no exception.

  Facts have proved that transport airships not only need large carrying capacity, but also need safety guarantees.

  Facing enemy aircraft, the survivability of transport airships is too low and must be escorted by fighter jets.

  It is a pity that the poor Russian government cannot afford such a tall new product like the air force. With only a flight formation to support the facade, it simply cannot bear the heavy escort task.

  If it weren't for the fact that the Japanese army on the opposite side was also poor and had very few aircraft and equipment, the Russian army would have suffered a big loss.

  The big loss now is that we don't have much to eat, but two transport airships on the front line have been shot down, so that the airship transport team has been forced to suspend operations.

  Since ancient times, it has been "easy to move from frugality to luxury, but difficult to move from luxury to frugality." The Russian army is no exception.

  When there was no airship transport team, everyone didn't feel much about it. Now that it is available and suddenly unavailable, the officers on the front line are naturally unable to sit still.

  You must know that since the outbreak of the Russo-Japanese War, the Russian army has been suppressed by the Japanese. It was not until the booming smuggling trade and the addition of the airship transport team that the decadent trend was reversed.

  The good days had only lasted a few days, but now they were cut off again. Naturally, the top brass of the Russian army couldn't bear it.

  Affected by the butterfly effect, Russia has been experiencing constant wars in recent decades, and the level of military officers has also been raised to a higher level.

  Both the level of professional knowledge and combat experience are much richer than in the original time and space.

  In order to solve the problem once and for all, the Russian Far East Regional Command decided to seize air supremacy and formulate a complete combat plan. Now the only thing left is the air force.

  Theoretically, the Russian Empire is also able to build fighter jets, and it also has a number of "independently developed" products with superior performance.

  Logically speaking, your own business should be given priority. Unfortunately, these "superior products" have various shortcomings.

  Not only the spare parts have to be imported, but also the production and assembly have to be OEMed by large foreign factories.

  There is no way, everyone will grab the profitable business, and no one will care about the losing business.

  The tsarist government was too poor to build an air force on a large scale, and it was not widely used by civilians. Naturally, no one invested in aircraft production plants, even assembly plants.

  The so-called domestic product only produces a designer who is so imaginative that he is not even sure whether the design is his own.

  There is no surprise. As one of the quasi-industrialized countries, the Russian Empire is also a big copycat country.

  It's just that others are optimizing product performance, or reducing production costs, or modifying them in accordance with local cultural habits and aesthetics.

  The Russian business community is different. First of all, performance is not the first priority; making people's lives easier is also not the main goal; optimizing product performance is even less important.

  The concept of "Buying is worse than building" has long been deeply rooted in people's hearts. If it were not for the purpose of defrauding subsidies from the Tsarist government or seeking preferential policies, no one would engage in industry at all.

  In this context, everyone's pursuit is limited to being able to produce products, and nothing else matters.

  It's not that everyone has no pursuit, the main reason is that the industrial supporting system cannot keep up, and the quality of labor is also lagging behind.

  Not to mention high-tech spare parts, even screws with slightly higher precision requirements need to be imported. It's not that it can't be produced, it's mainly that the yield is too impressive.

  This is also the origin of Russia's creation of "silly, big, black and thick" people. It's not what everyone wants to do, it's really impossible to make refined products.

  In order to ensure normal use, we can only make sacrifices in other aspects, so there is no need to count on performance. The only praiseworthy advantage is that the leather is durable and durable.

  However, this advantage has great limitations. It is limited to ordinary daily industrial products and is not applicable to any high-precision products.

  Not to mention high-tech products like airplanes. What Russia can produce is only the first generation of wooden airplanes.

  Now the most popular aircraft in the world have transitioned to metal alloys, and none of the core technologies can be mastered by Russia.

  If you want to produce it yourself, basically all spare parts will have to be imported. I can't guarantee the performance, but the cost will definitely go up anyway.

  Now is a time of war, obviously not the time to be flattering. Rather than forcibly launching domestically produced fighter jets that are uncertain, it is better to directly outsource finished fighter jets.

  At least the mainstream fighters equipped by the Shinra Air Force were produced in hundreds or thousands of units, and they have stood the test of time.

  With his right hand gently tapping the seat a few times, Nicholas II frowned and asked: "How many fighters do you plan to purchase? How much budget is needed? How will the crew solve it?"

  Time is the best teacher, and he has been with us for more than ten years. After his career as emperor, Nicholas II was no longer the pink young man he used to be.

  Perhaps there is still a long way to go before he becomes an excellent monarch, but basic common sense can no longer be fooled.

  In fact, the tsarist government was not the first to discuss the issue of purchasing fighter aircraft.

  The importance of air superiority is self-evident. If you can hold it in your hands, no one will give it up. But in the end it all came to nothing due to various reasons.

  Knowing that there are difficulties, but still bringing up the old issues now, the military will naturally come up with a plan to deal with it.

  Army Minister Yevgeny: “According to the intelligence coming from the front line, if we want to seize air supremacy, we need at least hundreds of fighter planes.

  Taking into account the current tense international situation, the Anglo-Austrian war may break out at any time, and we will not be able to replenish it for a long time after this purchase. We are preparing to imitate the Shinra Air Force organization and form an air force division.

  Calculating the prepared battle losses, we need to purchase a total of 400 fighters, and the approximate procurement budget is between 30 million and 50 million Aegis.

  The specific number can only be determined after formal negotiations. In the field of aviation, Shinra has an absolute advantage, and even the British are an era behind.

  With Japan's industrial strength, it is not easy to send the produced aircraft into the sky, and performance is out of the question.

  To deal with them, it is enough for us to buy second-hand fighters from Shinra that are nearing retirement. Not only can you save costs, but you can also get ready goods in the shortest time.

  As for the crew, after the war broke out, we entrusted Shinra to help train a batch. After more than half a year of training, it is now barely usable. "

  (Note: The Holy Roman Empire Air Force Division has 3 regiments. Each regiment has 3 flying groups and an aircraft maintenance group. Each group is composed of 3 flying squadrons, and each flying squadron has 8 fighters. The division has a total of 288 fighter planes, with a total of more than 5,000 flight crews and ground crews.) With a
  strong sense of disdain in his tone, it is not difficult to see Yevgeny’s contempt for Japan. Although the Russian Empire is not much better, the sense of superiority in his bones is still It cannot be hidden.

  No one is surprised by all this. It is normal to look down on the Japanese. If Japan is treated as an equal, then there is a real problem. It

  can be seen from the plan that the Russian army is really Progress has been made. A few decades ago, storage would have been like "treating the head when it hurts, and treating the foot when it hurts", and it was absolutely impossible to prepare in advance.

  As soon as the war broke out, we organized personnel to be sent out for training. Such a forward-looking approach, It was obviously different from Mao Zi's previous ruggedness.

  But Nicholas II did not feel happy, but instead felt a kind of despair deep in his heart.

  A brief analysis of Yevgeny's words revealed that the Russian army's attack on Shinra The degree of dependence is too high. If one day the two countries fall out, the Russian army's combat effectiveness will be greatly reduced.

  You know, you know, but now that the Russo-Japanese War has broken out, Nicholas II can't get rid of his hatred of God. To rely on Luo, we have to give up advanced equipment.

  Just purchase fighter planes. Counting the foreign wars in recent decades, every war has indispensable imports of arms from next door.

  The problem is that what we buy now is second-hand goods, which has already lost Russia. The face of the empire, I didn’t expect the military to be so calm, which made Nicholas II unhappy.

  I was unhappy, but now the Russian Empire needs to hurry up. Not to mention the urgency of the battle on the front line, just look at it You know the international situation.

  With the deterioration of relations between Shinra and Britain, the international situation suddenly became tense, and the smell of gunpowder can be smelled all over the world.

  If an arms purchase agreement is not reached as soon as possible and the arms transaction is completed, war will officially break out between the two countries. In the end, even if you have money in your pocket, you may not be able to buy it.

  Only second-hand equipment can be delivered in the shortest time. If you really place an order directly with the military factory, you will not be able to get it done in less than a few months.

  Fortunately , Nicholas II didn't know the real situation. If he discovered that almost all second-hand equipment in the Russian army was found, a volcano would probably erupt. In a sense

  , there is nothing wrong with second-hand equipment. Not only is it cheap, but more importantly The performance is still reliable.

  There are so many things that international arms dealers do to deceive people these days. If you don’t leave a few traps, you will be embarrassed to say that you are an arms dealer.

  Ever since the British made a bad start, everyone has become more ethical Just reduce it in a straight line, for example: before exporting the most advanced weapons, cut off some of their performance.

  And the more advanced the weapons and equipment are, the more they will be weakened. At best, they can only be regarded as high imitations.

  But no matter how high the imitation is, it is fake. It's still not true. If imitations meet genuine products on the battlefield, it will be a tragedy every minute.

  The Russian army uses second-hand equipment on a large scale, naturally not because they like it, but more because the officers and soldiers are deceived by domestic bureaucracy.

  No The solution is that once the government and businessmen collude with domestically produced weapons of poor quality, there is no hope.

  In comparison, second-hand equipment purchased directly from Shinra is much more reliable. Not only is there no deletion in performance, but even the quality has passed the test of time.

  "Then let's do it!"

  Nicholas II replied calmly. Everyone could see that His Majesty the Tsar was not in a high mood now.

  But if you’re not interested, you’re still not interested. The Chief of Government Affairs still has to deal with it. Especially at this critical moment, there is no room for indolence.

  Foreign Minister Mihajlovic said: "With the intensification of the conflict between Britain and Austria, the situation in Europe has become increasingly tense in recent days.

  In order to avoid taking sides again, European countries have stood up to call for peace, including the Netherlands, Portugal, etc. The coastal countries have been the most active.

  So far, we have received notes from eleven countries, hoping that we can take the lead in maintaining neutrality to avoid being involved in a hegemonic war.

  Considering the complexity of the situation, for a while It is difficult for us to figure it out, as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not give a direct response."

  It is not easy to take the lead. No country in Europe wants to be involved in the war, but no one takes the lead, which itself can explain a lot of problems.

  The current situation is very obvious. It is clear that whoever takes the lead will bear most of the firepower.

  If he had encountered such a good opportunity thirty years ago, Mihajlovic would have accepted it without even thinking about it.

  But things are different now. Although the strength of the Russian Empire is constantly increasing, its dependence on HRE continues unabated.

  In particular, the ongoing Russo-Japanese War also required the support of the Vienna government. You can't stab someone with a knife and at the same time seek support from them, right?

  Not being consistent with other countries is also a big trouble. Without the Russian Empire leading the organization, the so-called mutual neutrality of all countries is a big joke.

  For no other reason than the political and military pressure exerted by Shinra and Britain, someone has to step in to handle it, right?

  Who can bear this pressure except the Russian Empire?

  Even Spain is unable to shoulder this important task due to its lack of strength.

  Not to mention other countries. If they don't have enough strength and mix things up randomly, they will have to pay a price.

  No one dares to take the lead in making trouble, so it is imperative to take sides.

  In this context, the position of the Russian Empire is crucial, and it almost acts as a weather vane for the choices of European countries.

  If the Tsarist government supported the Holy Roman Empire, it would mean no major wars on the European continent. Everyone just needs to follow the flag and shout, there is no need to mix with the British.

  On the contrary, if the Tsarist government supports Britain, then the war will be decided jointly by the sea and the land, and the future will be truly uncertain.

  After sighing, Nicholas II stood up from his seat, wandered around the room for a few steps, and said helplessly: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will take care of it! Anyway, we have no other choice now, right
  ? If possible, use this opportunity to strive for greater benefits for the empire. I'm afraid there will be no chance in the future."

  The reality is so cruel. The Russian Empire, which is deeply bound by the Shinra, now has no choice but to follow Vienna. The road goes dark.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1132. Chapter 1111 Final Preparations-69 Book Bar
2021-01-06 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1111 Final Preparations
  The world is cruel, and in the fierce international competition, there is no room for any warmth.

  For its own interests, the tsarist government decisively chose to abandon European countries, and Madrid was in turmoil for a while.

  No matter how it declines, Spain, as the goalkeeper of the great powers, is still a major European country, and its influence in Europe cannot be underestimated.

  The Russians, the third oldest in the world, refused to take the lead, so naturally the responsibility fell to Spain, the fourth oldest.

  Although Spain's reputation as the fourth strongest country is somewhat undeserved, it cannot stand up to its competitors.

  To be taller among the dwarfs, the Kingdom of Spain, which was once awesome, is still more recognized by the outside world than Japan and the United States, which have never been awesome.

  Not only the European countries are encouraging Spain to lead the "No Line Movement", but even Britain, the United States and other countries are also playing the role behind it.

  Overnight, the Spaniards seemed to have returned to the era where they were destined to be, and became the trendsetter of the times.

  Unlike the Russian Empire, which was deeply tied up economically, HRE's penetration into Spain was relatively limited, and it was far from being able to influence government decision-making.

  As the international situation changed, the British changed their strategy from pulling people on board to encourage countries to remain neutral.

  The one who wants them to take sides now is actually the Holy Roman Empire. Theoretically, as long as it could withstand the pressure from the Vienna government, the non-alignment movement would succeed.

  If the Spanish government is ambitious, now is the best chance. As long as it operates well, it is entirely possible for Spain to become the fourth pole in Europe with the support of various countries.

  As a big country, it certainly has ambitions. Unfortunately, ambition requires strength to support it. Spain does not have the strength to become the fourth pole, even with the support of other countries.

  In fact, the Spanish government has no idea whether it wants to be clear-headed or not. On the surface, European countries are encouraging them to lead the "neutrality movement", but secretly they are constantly colluding with the Vienna government.

  Leaving aside other countries, Sardinia, Belgium, Tuscany...these little brothers who were supported by Shinra also came to participate in the "neutrality movement". Are you sure they are not here to cause trouble?
  Wouldn't it be a tragedy if, just as he was getting ahead, the guys below him would join the team?

  This kind of thing is not impossible. Despite the overwhelming momentum of the current "neutrality movement", there are actually very few people who are sincerely participating in it.

  Many countries that have no choice but to take sides are just joining in the fun.

  The main reason for jumping out to make a fuss now is to increase the sense of existence and enhance one's impression in the boss's mind, so as to sell it at a good price.

  Countries that are really eager to be "neutral", namely the Netherlands, the Nordic Federation and other countries near the North Sea, are worried that their homes will become battlefields.

  For more countries, the war between HRE and Britain did not have a great impact on them.

  Although overseas import and export trade will be affected, they are not a major maritime trade country and the impact will be quite limited.

  The most important thing is the geographical location. It has been decided from the beginning that they must take sides, and even who to support has been chosen for them in advance.

  Once the direction of the team is determined, what posture should be taken to stand in the team is also a question worth pondering.

  With the turbulent international situation, the diplomatic game is still going on, but this is no longer the focus of Franz's concern.

  The struggle for hegemony between Britain and Austria is, in the final analysis, a competition for comprehensive national strength. If it hadn't been for the gap between the two countries' national strength, Shinra would not have launched a challenge at this time.

  Vienna Palace, it can be seen from the serious expression on Franz's face that the document in his hand must be unusual.

  After a long while, Emperor Franz, who read the document carefully, slowly said: "Now that the third-generation large merchant ship has been completed, it should be delivered to the shipping company as soon as possible. The

  situation is tense now, and war is about to break out. We must strive to get it before the war breaks out. , rush to transport strategic supplies to the colonies as much as possible.

  All six vacated slipways are equipped with super battleships. After these supplies arrive in the colonies, the news will be announced.

  In addition, the submarine formation can also set off. Although we don’t know when the war will take place It is always a good idea to be prepared in advance."

  There is no doubt that the "third generation large merchant ship" here is definitely not a large merchant ship in the true sense.

  If it were just a pure merchant ship, no matter how superior its performance was, it would not make Emperor Franz so nervous.

  Especially at a critical moment like the arms race, it is even more abnormal for merchant ships to compete with battleships for docks.

  Abnormal is not normal, but on the surface these big guys are indeed merchant ships. If you don’t believe it, these merchant ships are still carrying goods out.

  Not to mention that the intelligence personnel were confused about the situation, even many people in the Vienna government were confused.

  "Strategic fraud", something is obviously wrong! We have reached this point now. If we don't go all out to build warships, if a war breaks out, we will suffer big losses.

  If you can't figure it out, then you can't figure it out. Franz can't explain it anyway. In order to keep the secret, only a limited number of people knew about the fact that the aircraft carrier was disguised as a merchant ship.

  Even the cabinet members were not fully informed, let alone others.

  From the very beginning of the project establishment, the route of ordering merchant ships by state-owned enterprises was followed without any financial appropriation, and it had nothing to do with military expenditures.

  Until the construction was completed, the engineers at the shipyard had no idea that they had built an aircraft carrier. At most, they just thought that the design of this commercial ship was a bit unusual.

  In the history of the development of the shipbuilding industry, there are so many alternative and weird designs that no one cares about adding another one.

  In fact, the history of the development of aircraft carriers in the Holy Roman Empire is quite old. But it has never become mainstream.

  Prior to this, the aircraft carriers built were mainly used to carry aircraft for reconnaissance and intelligence, and were not considered for combat at all.

  There are many reasons, mainly two major aspects. On the one hand, the performance of aircraft these days cannot keep up, and the hit rate when bombing moving targets is impressive; on the other hand, the sea is rough and rough, and the aircraft on board are prone to collisions.

  With the advancement of science and technology, aircraft have overcome the technical difficulties of dive bombing, the hit rate has been greatly improved, and the actual attack power has been greatly improved.

  Although the problem of aircraft carriers' resistance to wind and waves has not been completely solved, it has been greatly improved. It can't withstand strong winds and waves of magnitude 10 or 10, but at least it won't sink when faced with winds and waves of magnitude 8 or 9.

  If the technology can reach this point, it has full practical value. Bad weather with strong winds and huge waves is always rare. If you do encounter it, you can only consider yourself unlucky.

  Most of the time, aircraft carriers are capable of combat effectiveness. As long as you don't go to stormy waters, the combat effectiveness of the combination of aircraft carriers and battleships cannot be underestimated.

  In contrast, the confidentiality of submarines is not that high. The whole world knows that Shinra has a submarine fleet, but no one knows its specific size.

  The outside world doesn't actually pay much attention to this killer hidden in the deep sea, it can even be said to be ignored.

  On the one hand, it is difficult for submarines to participate in the main naval decisive battle because of their limited cruising range; on the other hand, the situation on the seabed is complex and inherently formidable.

  In the past few years, France and Austria have spent a lot of money to develop submarines. With the defeat of France, all these technologies fell into the hands of Shinra.

  In line with the principle of being low-key and cautious, Shinra's submarine force has rarely shown up for a long time, and the impression left to the outside world has always been mysterious.

  If it weren't for the breakthroughs in power system technology in recent years, which have greatly increased the cruising range of submarines, it is estimated that this mysterious force will continue to be mysterious.

  Needless to say, the cruising range on the water is no worse than that of ordinary warships. The key is the cruising range underwater.

  The Sea Wolf currently equipped by the Shinra Navy has an underwater range of nearly one hundred nautical miles and can lurk underwater for three days.

  Such data is naturally not worth mentioning compared to the nuclear submarines of later generations that have almost unlimited endurance and are only affected by psychological factors of officers and soldiers.

  But now, it is a qualitative breakthrough. It already has actual combat effects, especially when used to attack merchant ships.

  "Okay, I'll implement it later."

  After a pause, Frederick asked: "Just father, are our preparations really useful?"

  It's no wonder that Frederick had doubts. Now Franz is spending huge sums of money. The aircraft carriers and submarines built are different from the mainstream of contemporary navies.

  There is no way. The combat effectiveness of aircraft carriers and submarines has not been proven militarily. On the contrary, battleships have been traversing the oceans for many years.

  If the money spent on developing aircraft carriers and submarines is spent on battleships, the Shinra Navy will be able to add a dozen more capital ships.

  Franz shook his head and said: "I don't know! But being prepared is better than being unprepared. The Royal Navy has such a huge advantage, how can it surpass it without developing some new gadgets? It's not like

  you don't know that the British are watching us. How tight it is, it can be said that every additional battleship will cause a storm."

  This is not a complete lie, Franz really doesn't know whether these preparations can work.

  If the Shinra Navy is lucky enough to defeat

  the Royal Navy in a decisive battle, all these preparations will be in vain.

  These preparations can only come into play if the decisive battle is lost. Reduce Britain's war potential by attacking its maritime trade lines.

  Of course, when these words fell into Frederick's ears, they were interpreted differently.

  After all, no one who is not a time traveler can accurately judge the future development direction of the navy. Aircraft carriers and submarines that have not proven themselves in naval battles naturally cannot give people enough confidence.

  ... Although

  London
  had been mentally prepared, the atmosphere in the British government became tense when the news came that the Tsarist government had decided to side with HRE.

  Prime Minister Campbell's mood at this moment is the same as the weather in London - "Looking out the window, it's all haze."

  Since becoming Prime Minister, Campbell has sighed more times than in all the previous decades combined.

  "If you are not a minister, you will not know how expensive firewood, rice, oil and salt are; if you are not a prime minister, you will not know how bad the British Empire is."

  In the eyes of the outside world, the British Empire was in full swing, but in Campbell's eyes, it was just "bad".

  There are too many people who care about Britain's advantages; as Prime Minister, Campbell can only care about the country's shortcomings.

  No. Campbell is biased, it's mainly duty. "Discovering problems and then solving them" is itself a function of the government.

  The main reason why he thinks Britain is "bad" is because Campbell identified a problem but was unable to solve it.

  In order to prevent the situation from deteriorating further and to maintain Britain's world hegemony, he can only take the most extreme measure - war.

  For a politician, making such a choice is undoubtedly a failure. However, the reality was in front of him, and Campbell could not afford to hesitate.

  The arms race has begun, and the longer it is delayed, the worse it will be for Britain.

  "The situation in Europe has become clear. With the Russians taking sides, the neutrality movement we have been tinkering with will soon be shattered.

  Next, we can only speed up the pace, otherwise when Vienna settles the European countries, we will fight against the entire Europe mainland.

  At what stage has the Ministry of Foreign Affairs' actions progressed, and once war breaks out, which countries will support us? "

  The heavy voice expressed Campbell's inner uneasiness.

  The topic of war is really too heavy, especially a war with a big country. No one dares to take it lightly.

  As the Foreign Secretary, Adam's face was even more expressionless at this moment. Depressed.

  It was expected that the Russians would side with HRE. After all, their differentiation strategy was only halfway through, and they had not yet had time to drive a wedge between Russia and Austria.

  Even if they were to be held accountable, logically speaking, they should be held accountable to their predecessors, or their predecessors. The predecessor. Because of their inaction, the Russian-Austrian alliance continued.

  However, politics is cruel. No matter whether it is the predecessor, the predecessor, or the predecessor, he will bear the blame. If it was just this one bite, that

  would be enough. The problem is that the Russians' side has brought about a chain reaction, which directly affects the sides of various countries.

  So many mouths of blame were thrown down at the same time, and no one could carry them. Adam only felt that his Life has "a bright future".

  At this point, Britain still has hope of winning the war, but as Britain's Foreign Secretary, Adam has absolutely no room for improvement. He accidentally

  became the most unjust Foreign Secretary in the British Empire, and Adam is now left with only I regretted it.

  It was obvious that the resignation letter had been submitted a long time ago, but it was a pity that the parliament did not approve it and insisted on taking the blame. If he had known it would come so soon, he would have adopted extraordinary measures.

  Just look at the Minister of War who proposed war before. Because he was injured in a fall from a horse while inspecting the military camp a few days ago, he is now a deputy.

  No matter how miserable he is in his heart, the work still has to be carried out. Even for the sake of a stable life for the rest of his life, Adam must give it a try. Use your achievements to whitewash yourself.

  After adjusting his emotions, Adam slowly said: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has signed secret treaties with eight countries including Japan, the United States of America, the Republic of Colombia, and Chile...

  If necessary, we can form a nine-nation coalition to deal with the Austrians together.

  In addition, we also have contacts with the Russian Empire, Spain, the Netherlands, the Nordic Federation and other countries.

  Although we failed to win them over, we still alienated the feelings of various countries from the Holy Roman Empire. At least it can be guaranteed that when war breaks out, countries will not fully support the enemy. "

  Such a result obviously cannot satisfy everyone. But to be able to achieve this step, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has really tried its best.

  No matter what you say, countries will always give priority to "interests" when making strategic choices. " and "strength".

  Britain has the advantage of sea power and is naturally unfavorable in overseas diplomatic actions. However, there are also conflicts among overseas countries. If you win over one, you cannot win over another.

  Otherwise, even if you form an alliance, it will be An alliance full of contradictions is busy with internal strife every day.

  Let alone Europe. Not to mention their limited right to speak on the continent, there are people everywhere who have enmity with Britain.

  Pull the enemy to fight others. The enemy, such a magical operation is really not something that ordinary people can accomplish.

  Especially the enemy we are facing now is also a diplomatic power and has rich experience in recruiting allies, so it is even more difficult to operate.

  As an insider, Campbell will naturally not At this time, he deliberately made things difficult and undermined the unity of the leadership team.

  He opened his mouth to ease the atmosphere and said: "The work of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is still good, and it is enough to be able to do this.

  Next, it depends on the performance on the battlefield. As long as the navy can show its prestige in the early stages of the war, I believe that European countries will choose again.

  The Holy Roman Empire relied on the threat of force to coerce the unjust acts of other countries, and they will eventually be punished by God..."

  "Ding ding ding..."

  Before Campbell could finish his words, the phone suddenly rang, and everyone's eyes were fixed on it. Attracted.

  You must know that cabinet meetings are strictly confidential, and no idlers are allowed to interrupt during the meeting.

  Unless there is something particularly important that needs to be contacted, outside staff can call the dedicated hotline on the desk.

  There is no doubt that, Such coincidences rarely happen, and even if there is an emergency, you won't have to wait for hours.

  Therefore, this dedicated phone is almost a decoration, and it may not ring once throughout the year.

  It is precisely because this phone rarely rings. , so every time the ring rang, it was accompanied by an earth-shattering event.

  Picking up the phone casually, Campbell's cold voice rang: "I'm Campbell, tell me what you have to say. "

  Your Excellency Prime Minister, something happened in Africa..."

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1133. Chapter 1112 A murder caused by a cow-69 Book Bar
2021-01-07 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1112: A bloody murder caused by a cow.

  At the same time that the British government received the news, the Vienna government also received an urgent call from Africa - the conflict between Britain, Austria and South Africa broke out.

  According to the telegram, the cause of the incident was that a member of the family of Viscount Aguirre, the South African lord of Shinra, was grazing in the border area and was shot to death by Jorge, a British farmer on the opposite side.

  When the claim negotiation failed, the angry Viscount Aguirre led people over to loot the other party's farm, killing a few unlucky ones along the way.

  There is nothing surprising. In a colony where the jungle is strong and the jungle is strong, similar scenes have long been commonplace.

  The colonists these days are all desperadoes, and it is a basic operation to fight if they disagree with each other; the nobles of the Shinra fiefdoms also have bad tempers, and they are all killed on the battlefield. Whoever is a coward is their grandson .

  Especially when there is a dispute of interest between the two parties, it is even more intolerable. Since we can't reach an agreement, we can resolve it by force according to colonial rules.

  Originally, this was nothing. Killing a lot of people in colonial conflicts has long been commonplace in the colonies.

  However, Viscount Aguirre was unlucky. During his retreat, he encountered the British troops who came after hearing the news, and a fierce battle broke out between the two sides.

  With his rich combat experience, Aguirre successfully fought his way out, but his identity was still exposed.

  Everyone has always done this kind of thing secretly. As long as no evidence is caught, no one will lift the lid.

  Things are different now. The British have confirmed the identity of Viscount Aguirre, and this can no longer be tolerated.

  It is naturally impossible to make friends. Shinra is the overlord of Africa, so naturally he will not care about the British protests.

  I don't know if they ate explosives or what happened. After communicating with each other to no avail, the British army chose to send troops to attack Viscount Aguirre's territory on a sunny day.

  According to the British, this is to catch the murderer. Obviously, Shinra would not buy this statement.

  Viscount Aguirre was not alone. After his territory was attacked by the British army, the surrounding nobles immediately mobilized to send troops to rescue him.

  After defeating the invading British army, Viscount Aguirre, who felt humiliated, discussed with the aristocratic lords who came to the rescue and decided to seek an explanation from the British.

  Then everyone started calling friends. Half a month later, a coalition force with over 10,000 people gathered and marched towards the Cape of Good Hope.

  At this point, the incident has gone far beyond the boundaries of "armed conflict", and it is obviously more appropriate to describe it as a war.

  The aristocratic private army of Shinra started fighting with the British colonial government. Everyone knew that the matter was serious and neither side could cover it up. They could only let the country come forward to solve the problem.

  It was not reported until it could not be covered up. It was not because the South African Government House was so slow to respond, nor was it deliberately covering up the matter. It was mainly due to the characteristics of the times.

  With the advent of the colonial era, colonial conflicts became commonplace. Take the Holy Roman Empire as an example. On average, there are more than three-digit disputes with neighbors every year.

  It can be as small as a quarrel or as serious as a military confrontation.

  In this context, if every conflict requires the central government to intervene, it is estimated that the Vienna government will have nothing to do and will be busy dealing with the aftermath every day.

  In order to improve administrative efficiency, Franz could only redefine colonial conflicts based on actual conditions.

  Anything that is not involved in a fight will be ignored and left to the local government to handle without reporting.

  If an armed conflict breaks out, but the number of participants is less than 1,000, and the number of casualties is less than 100, the incident can be reported directly for processing.

  Those that require personal intervention from the Vienna government must be large-scale conflicts. The central government will only intervene if the local government is really unable to handle the situation.

  It is precisely because of these restrictions that incidents of conflict have been delayed until now.

  ...

  Prime Minister Chandler: "The above is the general story of what happened. From the overall analysis of the incident, Viscount Aguirre's excessive behavior was the main reason for the outbreak of this conflict.

  However, this is also for a reason. Viscount Aguirre was just to protect private property. Sacred and inviolable, although the method is a bit extreme, it is understandable to deal with bandits.

  If the British army had not invaded across the border without authorization and intensified the conflict, there would not have been a large-scale military conflict.

  The government believes that the British need to be prepared for this He bears the main responsibility for the conflict. The counterattack of the noble coalition is only to safeguard the sovereignty and security of the country."

  It can be seen that Chandler is avoiding the important and taking the easy. But politics has always been about pros and cons, no matter what is right or wrong.

  Not to mention that the aristocratic coalition has just sent troops to retaliate. Even if it has captured the Cape of Good Hope, the Vienna government will still blame the British.

  The British are responsible for the war, so there is no need to hold them accountable within HRE. What's more, the current definition of war is not accurate.

  The Vienna government was not involved from the beginning to the end. It was just an ordinary civil conflict. How can we talk about war?
  Although the scale of the conflict is a bit larger, it is still just a conflict, and war is two different concepts.

  If you look through the history books of the Holy Roman Empire, you will know that in the past few hundred years, there have been many attacks by its princes and foreign countries, but only a few of them have involved the central government.

  Not only the Holy Roman Empire, but also all European countries have similar histories. The private confrontation between nobles is not equivalent to a war between countries, but can only be regarded as a civil "friendly match".

  Only tens of thousands of people are participating in the conflict now. Can you believe that in a few months, the number of participants will increase tenfold?
  It can be seen that Prime Minister Chandler has made up his mind. As long as I do not admit that this is a war, it will be a civil armed conflict.

  If the British government has any objections, it can take revenge on its own. If you are really angry, you can just declare war directly, and the Vienna government will take it all.

  In a sense, this is also the fault of the British themselves. It is tempting to retain a colony of tens of thousands square kilometers in South Africa. If only a port city is left, the nobles will definitely not be so enthusiastic.

  After all, according to the national conditions of the Holy Roman Empire, important ports and large cities were brought under the central government, while other areas were enfeoffed.

  Although it cannot be said that whoever wins the land will belong to whom, it is still necessary to take the fattest piece of cake.

  War is a gold-eating beast. If there is not enough profit stimulation, even if you are surrounded by relatives, you will not be able to be so efficient.

  It was coveted in the first place, but now it has a ready-made excuse to be delivered to your door. How can it be unreasonable?
  The cause of the incident?

  Noble Alliance: "Sorry, we only saw the British invasion. The troops were sent to protect our country, and now they are just chasing the invading enemies.

  As long as the British South African government hands over all participants and holds those responsible accountable Just take responsibility and compensate for the losses.

  As for what happened before, unfortunately it was just one-sided words from the colonial government. Based on the integrity of your government, we have every reason not to believe it." In short, without

  knowing, all the responsibilities have nothing to do with them. Not only do they have no responsibility, but they are heroes who fight against invaders and defend their country.

  At least from the standpoint of the Vienna government, it must be defined this way. Regardless of the various reasons and consequences that the British had, it was the original sin for the British troops to enter the country without permission.

  At this point, it is obviously impossible to stop. Fighting has begun on the front lines, and even if it is stopped now, it is too late.

  What's more, with the current international situation, the whole world knows that there will be a war between Shinra and Britain in the near future.

  There is actually no essential difference between starting a few months earlier or starting a few months later.

  At this point, talking about cause and effect has no practical meaning other than talking. In any case, it’s all about blaming each other, and in the end the loser bears all the responsibility.

  As soon as he finished speaking, Army Minister Feislav said with indignation: "Your Majesty, the British troops dare to enter the country without authorization. They clearly do not take the empire seriously. We must give them a head-on attack."

  Despite the war against Britain, it is no longer the army that plays the leading role. , but the main force in the colonies is still the army!

  Even though the navy and air force have developed well in recent years, in the great colonial movement, they were both the little brothers.

  Looking at all the wars in the past few decades, we know that they were all fought by the army. In this context, most of the nobles under the military title system came from the army.

  Even if they are reduced to a supporting role this time, when it comes to grabbing territory, the main force is still the Army.

  No one can be sure about war. If the naval battle fails, it will be the army that turns the tide in the end.

  Although it was not said out loud, it could be seen from actual actions that the army was not optimistic that the Shinra Navy would win.

  In order to deal with the adverse effects of the Navy's defeat, the War Department even formulated a "Save the Sky Plan."

  The content is very simple and crude. The main force sends troops from the Middle East to fight all the way to India via Persia, and a partial force starts from Malaysia and flanks India through the Indochina Peninsula.

  To sum it up: capture India and knock Britain into the dust.

  As for the turf war on the African continent, it can only be regarded as a daily condiment, far from being the main course.

  The plan has been drawn up, and the prerequisite for its implementation is naturally: Shinra goes to war with Britain.

  Regardless of whether the Vienna government is currently focusing on developing the navy, as soon as a war breaks out, the only goal it pursues is victory.

  As long as the Army can win India, it will be the main contributor to the war, and the Navy and Air Force can only follow behind and be their little brothers.

  Naturally, the Vienna government was fully aware of the Army's plans. Although there is no full support, no one can refuse it if there is one more option, and the resources invested are still considerable.

  The main reason is that everyone has insufficient confidence in the navy and too much confidence in the army.

  Although the Army's plan faces equally huge difficulties, everyone believes that as long as they are willing to invest, they can always overcome it.

  Air Force Secretary Conrad echoed: "The Marshal is right, we must give the enemy a head-on blow. The era of the British is over, and now it is our turn to perform."

  The Army wants war, and the Air Force wants war even more. . As the youngest service, the Shinra Air Force faces the same dilemma as the Navy - lack of record.

  The military is a place that respects the strong. The only way to prove one's strength is to perform on the battlefield.

  In contrast, the Air Force is still more confident. Although it was born late and has not participated in many wars, the enemies it faces are even more rookies.

  After all, the Shinra Air Force still had experience in bombing and flying airships, while the British Air Force on the opposite side was a naked newcomer.

  What's more, Shinra's aviation industry started earlier, and its industrial strength is much stronger than that of the British, which is reflected in its superior fighter performance in military terms.

  With so many advantages, as long as they don't commit suicide, the Air Force has no reason to lose.

  In comparison, the Navy is much more miserable. Although the focus on obtaining government resources was tilted, it was still overwhelmed by the Royal Navy.

  Both the army and the air force are number one in the world, with strength that dwarfs the rest, but the navy can only rank second.

  Before these dozen newly-built capital ships were put into service, the Navy did not have the strength to challenge the Royal Navy at all.

  Unfortunately, time waits for no one. With the situation at this stage, it is impossible to wait for the navy to be ready before starting the war. At least the British on the opposite side are not willing to wait.

  Seeing that his colleagues were clamoring for war, Admiral Castagni could only bite the bullet and said: "The navy is already prepared. Once war breaks out, we will use tactics to break diplomatic relations and harass the enemy." maritime trade lines.

  After the new warships are put into service, we will go to sea to fight the British and break the Royal Navy's maritime hegemony."

  There was no way, and we were still discouraged at the last moment. Originally, Castagni wanted to shout some loud slogans, but seeing the scrutinizing eyes of everyone, he still chose to tell the truth.

  Fortunately, Castagni stopped in time. If he clamored for a decisive battle with the Royal Navy immediately, everyone would probably be completely disappointed.

  The most valuable thing about people is self-awareness, and the military is no exception. It's not scary to be unable to defeat the enemy, but the most terrifying thing is not having self-awareness.

  Especially for high-level government officials, a single decision may affect the fate of the country for decades to come. Accurate self-understanding is even more important.

  ...

  After scanning the crowd, Franz said calmly: "The navy and air force immediately launched the first-level strategic mobilization, the army launched the second-level tactical mobilization, and all government departments coordinated and cooperated. The Ministry of

  Foreign Affairs issued a protest to the British government and condemned The shameless behavior of British troops illegally entering the country and attacking civilians ordered the British government to hand over the murderer; the Propaganda Department immediately launched a public opinion offensive and placed all responsibility on the British. The

  overseas departments initiated the evacuation process. In addition to the intelligence department, other personnel in Britain and its All institutions within the allies will strive to evacuate within two months.

  The evacuation operation will be carried out simultaneously with the British. If necessary, they can be packaged and sent to neutral countries.

  The customs, citing the tense international situation, will strengthen the review of strategic material exports and try their best to Ensure that supplies do not flow to the British Isles.

  The domestic economy has changed to wartime, and the focus of resources has tended to be warship and aircraft manufacturing. The General Staff Headquarters has determined the combat plan as soon as possible.

  Order the colonial governments in various places to activate a comprehensive wartime system and give up some territories when necessary.

  ..."

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1134. Chapter 1113 The helplessness of a small country-69 Book Bar
2021-01-08 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1113: The helplessness of a small country.

  The smoke of war is rising again in South Africa, and the already tense international situation has become increasingly uncontrollable. The critical moment to stand in line has arrived, and there is no room for any hesitation.

  The smell of gunpowder fills the entire world. At this moment, Europe is like sitting on a powder keg with a lit fuse, waiting for the final verdict of fate.

  Amsterdam, with the tense international situation, this prosperous international metropolis, although it is still busy with traffic, does not have the joy and laughter of the past.

  The situation is tense and capital markets are the most sensitive. Before the Dutch government could make a final decision, the stock market collapsed.

  Capitalists are waving banknotes one after another to "buy, buy, buy". No matter whether it is of high quality or not, as long as it is an asset, someone will bid for it.

  In particular, daily necessities are the most popular. Before ordinary people can react, prices have been rising. The most critical thing is that they are out of stock.

  There is no way. Once the two hegemons, Shinra and Britain, go to war, the North Sea will inevitably be blocked, and ocean trade will definitely not be able to continue.

  Domestically produced goods cannot go out, and overseas industrial raw materials cannot come in. The impact on the fragile Netherlands is really too great.

  Although there is still the European continent, as a large trading country on the sea, most of the Dutch economy is supported by ocean trade.

  Maritime trade lines were blocked, and connections between the homeland and the colonies were severed. There are no colonies to plunder, and the Netherlands does not have much competitiveness if it is purely about manufacturing strength.

  Aware of the crisis, capitalists are taking practical actions to recover losses for themselves as much as possible.

  The busy traffic at this moment is actually the last craziness before the storm. Goods that can be shipped for export must be sent out immediately, and materials that need to be imported must also be rushed.

  Affected by the depressing atmosphere, pedestrians on the road were "coming in a hurry and leaving in a hurry", and even the shops on both sides became quiet.

  Especially those selling high-end luxury goods are even more crowded. On the contrary, it was an inconspicuous daily necessities store with a long queue in front of it.

  The Dutch government is not unprepared. Ever since Franz set the precedent for government intervention in the market, there have never been fewer imitators. The only difference lies in the intensity of the intervention.

  Seeing the rush to buy, in order to stabilize the domestic situation, the Dutch government could only activate an emergency plan and impose "purchase restrictions" on daily necessities.

  However, this does not trouble the smart Dutch people. Purchase restrictions will only mean queuing a few more times. Even if the store has records, there is more than one daily grocery store in Amsterdam.

  In an era without the Internet, it was too difficult to implement purchase restrictions in a true sense.

  For capitalists, as long as someone gives money, selling to whom is not selling?
  Unless the government directly intervenes in the franchise, the role of "purchase restrictions" is only to buy time to mobilize supplies.

  "Exclusive" is impossible. Unlike later European countries where state-owned stores were everywhere, in these days, European countries rarely owned companies directly.

  If there is no mature business operation model and it is left to the bureaucrats directly, it is better to leave it alone and let the capitalists toss it.

  At least the government can lose less money, face less criticism, and does not need to face the anger of the people.

  The public is feeling the tension, and the top government officials who control the country are facing even greater pressure.

  Since the Tsarist government decided to support the HRE, the Dutch government realized that the "neutrality movement" was going to fail and began to look for new solutions.

  Unfortunately, time waits for no one, and the new plan has not been worked out yet. Instead, news of the conflict between Britain, Austria, and South Africa came first.

  "Blessings come in pairs, and misfortunes never come alone."

  Before the Dutch government could react, news came that Spain, Belgium, Switzerland and other countries were taking sides.

  To this day, the only European countries that have not yet expressed their stance are the Netherlands and the Nordic Federation.

  Even Portugal, which is farthest from the HRE, surrendered to the Vienna government this morning.

  The real reason that allowed the Kingdom of Portugal to quickly make up its mind to betray its British allies and switch to the Shinra camp was not complicated. To sum it up in one sentence - the Kingdom of Spain chose the Holy Roman Empire.

  Anyone who knows a little bit about the grievances between Spain and Portugal knows that the two countries were once unified in history. The ideal territory of the emerging Spanish nationalism included Portugal.

  In the context of the era of confrontation between the two major camps, if the Kingdom of Portugal continued to follow Britain, it might be annexed by Spain.

  However, the British army has limited strength. It is difficult to defend their own territory, and it is impossible to provide strong support to them.

  One-on-one, Portugal will definitely not be able to defeat Spain, especially Spain with the support of HRE.

  Although theoretically speaking, due to the need to stabilize hegemony, HRE must limit the growth of each country's strength and is unlikely to support Spain's annexation of Portugal.

  But theories are just theories. In the past years, the Vienna government has done many unreasonable things.

  After the minister in Lisbon punctured the window paper, the Kingdom of Portugal quickly made the right choice.

  In order to survive, they did not care about offending the British. Anyway, there are so many countries supporting HRE now, and even if the British win the war, they will not be able to carry out liquidation.

  The most serious consequence is simply losing overseas colonies. It was originally a long-term loss, and losing it would just reduce the financial burden.

  As for the damage to domestic interest groups, that is not what politicians care about now. In the face of survival, everything must give way.

  As the Portuguese government quickly took sides, the pressure on the Dutch government instantly increased. Being targeted by two big countries at the same time is definitely not a wonderful feeling.

  …

  Looking at the telegram in her hand, Queen Wilhelmina said with a trembling voice: "Suspension of commercial and trade exchanges, the Vienna government is issuing an ultimatum!"

  Perhaps affected by the Franz Butterfly Effect, Queen Wilhelmina said Political participation is far higher than at the same time in history.

  Not only her, but almost all the monarchs in Europe were affected. With the strong rise of the Holy Roman Empire, Britain's constitutional monarchy system was far less influential than in the original time and space.

  Although various countries have followed the example of constitutional monarchy, there is also a difference between "constitutional" and "constitutional".

  "Yes, Your Majesty!"

  Prime Minister Christie replied.

  "After the conflict in South Africa broke out, the countdown to the war between the Holy Roman Empire and Britain entered. It is not surprising that the Vienna government chose a showdown at this time. The

  only difference is that the Vienna government's attitude this time is tougher than ever before Much more, leaving no room for negotiation.

  Maybe this is the overlord!

  Not only us, but also the Nordic Federation have also received an ultimatum. There is not much time left for us, and we must make a decision before the war breaks out. "

  It can be seen that Christie is not at peace inside. Obviously, the Vienna government's sudden change of its gentle image and strong style touched his heart.

  But being touched is being touched. At this point, it is already too late to realize this. The Holy Roman Empire, which was already established, was simply not something they could shake.

  "Hey!"

  After sighing, Minister of the Interior Anvin Henriques sighed: "Choice, we have no choice now!

  Once the hegemony war between Shinra and Britain breaks out, no one in the whole of Europe will We can stay on our own.

  The British allow us to be neutral, but no matter how powerful the Royal Navy is, the warships cannot get ashore; but the Shinra Army can fight to Amsterdam.

  Our plan has failed since the Tsarist government made its choice. Now that European countries are taking sides, it is expected.

  The neutrality movement we launched originally made the Vienna government unhappy. If we continue to carry on, they may be used to build their authority."

  Not Anwen - Henriquez is cowardly. It is true that the Netherlands does not have the capital to carry it to death, but if it is stronger, it will not be threatened by such an obvious threat.

  If you look at the Nordic Federation next door, you will know that although they have also been given an ultimatum, the wording is much more polite, and they can even be discussed further.

  Of course, the Vienna government's current lack of mercy has something to do with the neutrality movement that the Dutch government had previously instigated.

  You must know that the Netherlands and Vienna have become very close in recent decades, and the two countries have often maintained the same position in international politics and diplomacy.

  If this war had not been too involved and involved the core interests of each country, the two governments would not have been so deadlocked.

  Foreign Minister Fantov waved his hand and said: "What Anwen said is right. The Vienna government's stance is too tough now, and we really have no choice.

  Not only must we stand in line, but it is best to express our stance before the Nordic Federation, otherwise Follow-up troubles are inevitable.

  As for the British, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will try its best to prevent the mainland from becoming a battlefield.

  However, it may not be of much use. If the British want to land and fight, there are only three places to choose from, and we happen to It is one of them.

  For the sake of national security, I suggest strengthening the defense of coastal areas. For example: increasing the number of shore artillery, or following the example of the Holy Roman Empire in forming an air force coastal defense formation

  . Then, let’s gamble with France and Belgium! I hope God will favor the Kingdom of the Netherlands!"

  Politics is never simple, and even taking sides requires time. The treatment enjoyed by the first one to go there and the last one to go there are often completely different.

  At this point, the first one in line will definitely not be able to catch up. The only thing the Dutch government can do now is not to be the last one.

  Obviously, the best time for political speculation has passed. The most we can do now is drink soup. We don’t know whether we can make up for the losses in the war.

  There is no way, the situation has developed to this point, even if there is no benefit, the Dutch government must follow suit.

  (End of chapter)

