Close
Holy Roman Empire-1145. Chapter 1123 Heavy losses-69 Book Bar
2021-01-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1123 Heavy losses
  There is a first time for everything. As the first true air battle in human history, the British paid an expensive tuition fee based on their strength.

  The fueling tactic is only suitable for certain situations. If you do this in an air battle, you are obviously giving away your life.

  Unfortunately, Britain never had experience in air combat. After the attack, the British government's first reaction was to dispatch the air force to intercept, without considering the issue of assembly at all.

  Because of the different distances and different reaction speeds, the British fighter planes taking off from various airports finally arrived at the front line in batches.

  The air battle continued. After paying a heavy price, the British Air Force finally assembled three-digit fighters on the field. Although they are still at a disadvantage, the battle is no longer one-sided.

  The Shinra Air Force participating in the war has changed. Due to limited flight time, the previous batch of fighters have returned to rest and recuperate after completing their missions.

  Unlike the first wave, which was dominated by bombers, almost all of the Shinra fighters in the sky now are fighters.

  If we put it in the future, everyone will understand at a glance that today's bombing is over, and now it is directed at the main force of the British Air Force.

  Anyway, we can't win a decisive battle now, so the most important thing now is to preserve our strength. Even if you really have to fight hard, you have to change the battlefield to a more favorable one.

  Below is London, where every plane crash is a giant bomb, more lethal than any bomb in the world today.

  To put it bluntly, the damage caused to London by the bombing was less than one-tenth of the damage caused by the crash of the plane in the air battle.

  Obviously, the British government involved in this situation did not expect so much. At this moment, they have only one idea, which is to gather more fighter planes to keep the enemy behind and wash away today's shame.

  As for the "loss" caused by this, the big shots who were full of anger could not care so much.

  The anxious battle makes people feel irritated. The air battle did not stop for a moment, and everyone had to stay in the air raid shelter.

  The order in London is getting out of control. Although the cabinet government has repeatedly issued orders to appease the people, it is still too difficult for the bureaucrats to work under the fire of the enemy.

  When such a big thing happens, someone always needs to be held responsible. The battle in the sky is not over yet, and senior British government officials have begun to think about the aftermath.

  "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, something bad has happened!"

  The secretary's voice interrupted everyone's thoughts. Prime Minister Campbell, who was frowning, asked hurriedly: "Our air force was defeated?"

  The war had reached London, and things were already going bad. If there is worse news, it must be that the Air Force was defeated in the air battle.

  The enemy is the world's largest air force. As a qualified politician, it is natural to prepare for the worst in advance.

  The defeat of the Air Force is the worst outcome that everyone has expected, bar none.

  "No!"

  After the habitual answer, the secretary quickly explained: "The battle in the sky is still going on. Although the losses are a bit heavy, our fighter planes are coming in a steady stream, and it is only a matter of time before we expel the enemy.

  Just came from the Port of Liverpool News came that there was also an enemy air attack there, and the defenders requested to send fighter planes for support."

  After hearing "the air battle continues," Prime Minister Campbell's nervousness eased slightly, and then he became nervous again.

  In the context of the dominance of the Royal Navy, the British Air Force is only slightly better than the Army. The British government, which had never experienced an air war, did not expect what happened today.

  If it weren't for the fact that the Holy Roman Empire had spent so much money on the air force and "based on the idea that what the enemy has, I also want to have", there would have been no air force at all .

  It started late, but the domestic manufacturing industry fell behind in the second industrial revolution. The air force that followed the trend was naturally not as good as the Shinra Air Force.

  Without the advantage of local combat, the air war would have failed long ago. The current situation is not much better. The fighters participating in the battle did not escape because they simply could not escape.

  The overall performance of the aircraft cannot keep up. After close contact, it is impossible to get rid of the enemy and can only fight hard.

  It happened that the military headquarters issued another death order. The people below did not understand the situation in the sky at all and just thought that the air force was fighting bravely.

  These issues do not affect Campbell's decision now. London and Liverpool were attacked at the same time, and the British Air Force was unable to take care of both battlefields at the same time. It was obvious which end to focus on first.

  After a brief thought, Prime Minister Campbell said in an artistic tone: "Tell the Liverpool defenders to organize their own air defense first, and reinforcements will arrive in the shortest time."

  What is the "shortest time"? This is the first time in human history Another unsolved mystery that no one at home or abroad has ever figured out.

  But it happens to be applicable to the current situation in Britain. If we don't give enough confidence to the people below, those guys in panic may even forget to organize resistance.

  Although resistance is difficult to achieve under limited anti-aircraft firepower, it is better than nothing. Even if you only shoot down one enemy fighter plane, that is still a record.

  After sending the secretary away, Prime Minister Campbell thought about it. The Prime Minister personally directed the military battle, which seemed to have gone astray.

  Not every British Prime Minister is Mr. Churchill and is keen to participate in military command. At least Campbell has no interest in commanding military operations.

  Unlike any previous war, this war now requires the joint and coordinated operations of the land, sea and air forces.

  The first time anything happens is synonymous with trouble. This time is no exception. In addition to military command, political balance must also be considered.

  It can be said that except for King Edward VII himself to serve as commander of the army, navy and air force, anyone will attract criticism.

  The problem is that as the king, Edward VII, even if he is the king with real power, is only in name at most, and it is impossible for him to personally coordinate the joint operations of the three armies.

  If it was a smooth battle, it would be enough to gain political achievements. It is estimated that Edward VII has jumped out and taken over the command of the three armies.

  Unfortunately, the war had just begun, and Britain ushered in its darkest day, which deeply damaged everyone's confidence in winning the war.

  Without certainty, the shrewd Edward VII would naturally not take the lead. Anyway, the daily work is presided over by the cabinet. Now if there is a problem, it is also the fault of the cabinet, and it is still the kind of thing that cannot be thrown away.

  Realizing the seriousness of the problem, Prime Minister Campbell immediately decided to speed up the construction of the command system. After all, war is best left to professionals.

  …

  The bombardment from the sky ended at the Port of Liverpool when orders from the London government arrived.

  Major General Winston looked at the telegram and was heartbroken. Perhaps out of conscience or in order to shirk responsibility, the news of the air defense warning finally came through.

  The order from the London government to organize local resistance came even later. There was nothing Major General Winston could do now except greet all the relatives of the relevant bureaucrats in his heart.

  Their response speed is already very fast. According to normal procedures, the process alone will take at least a week. If it is slower, it may take up to half a year.

  Acting in accordance with procedures is the consistent code of conduct for British civil servants and is free from any moral and legal accusations.

  Although the bombing was over, the big shots at the Port of Liverpool still did not appear. Perhaps because they were too busy at work, or perhaps because they were too selfless, important officials from both the military and political circles signaled their subordinates to report to Major General Winston.

  Major General Winston, who had not yet reacted, passively became Liverpool's apparent supreme commander in a daze.

  Not only commanding the army, but also restoring order in the city, organizing people to save themselves...all the things to clean up the mess became his job.

  Don't think this is a good thing. If nothing else, the anger of the citizens and the person primarily responsible for the air raid on Liverpool was also the unlucky Major General on duty.

  At this point, it's too late to refuse. From the moment the first self-rescue order was issued, Major General Winston became everyone's recommended scapegoat.

  There is no way, Liverpool is not only a commercial port, but also one of the most important military ports in Britain. As the military attache on duty, Major General Winston himself had unshirkable responsibility for this air raid.

  If you have too many debts, your career will be ruined anyway, and there is no point in taking the blame for everyone.

  Essentially, everyone is unlucky. There are so many cities in Britain that the HRE Air Force will not go to, but they chose Liverpool. Where can everyone go to reason?

  Fortunately, London was with them. London, which had gathered many soldiers, suffered heavy losses. Liverpool, which had a weak force, suffered heavy losses, which is reasonable.

  If we really want to hold people accountable, the British government will be the first to bear the brunt. In this context, the final result is probably "lift high and fall gently".

  Major General Winston asked dutifully: "Has the loss statistics been calculated?"

  The officer in charge of the summary replied: "Right now, we have only preliminary statistics on the losses of personnel, warships, shipyards, and port buildings. The losses in other aspects are still being counted. Among them.

  If all goes well, the statistical work will be completed in two days. The specific loss data are as follows: a
  total of 1,287 dead, including 49 officers and 757 soldiers of the army; a total of 5,176 injured, including 276 officers and 1,186 soldiers.

  Most of the losses of officers and soldiers were concentrated in the navy, mainly because warships were the focus of the enemy's attack. Although we had left the port in time, the damage caused by the early attack was still huge.

  The sunken warships included 2 cruisers and 3 destroyers, 4 torpedo boats, and 7 auxiliary warships; even more were damaged. More than half of the warships, including the two dreadnoughts, suffered losses to varying degrees. The

  shipyards suffered even greater losses, with several The dock suffered heavy damage. The three dreadnoughts under construction in the dock were all destroyed, and various infrastructure losses were countless.

  Most of the civilian casualties occurred in the dock. When the bombing broke out, the dock was under construction, and many people were injured. Before he could react, he was buried by the collapsed factory building.

  ..."

  Rao was mentally prepared, but after hearing the specific loss figures, Major General Winston remained silent.

  The Royal Navy's losses were matched by a major battle. Although there are only a few warships that have sunk, there are many warships that have been injured!

  Repairing warships takes time, especially when the shipyard is severely damaged. If you want to repair it, you have to go to other areas.

  Relying on his professionalism, Rear Admiral Winston made a judgment that it would take at least half a year for the Royal Navy fleet staying in Liverpool to recover.

  Not to mention the shipyard, the warships can still run away, but they stay in place and allow the enemy to bully them. It will probably take several months just to clean up the ruins.

  In comparison, the damage to other infrastructure was not significant. It can be seen that the enemy is well prepared and has even selected the attack target in advance.

  After calming down, Major General Winston said coldly: "Compile the losses as soon as possible and send them to the London government. By the way, do we have an air defense warning system?"

  Taking the blame, but there are things that can reduce one's responsibility. , still must be done.

  When encountering an enemy air attack, not receiving advance warning is the best excuse to shirk responsibility.

  Even though they were warned, they could not change the final outcome. But this does not prevent Major General Winston from speaking out.

  …

  Liverpool was lonely after the war, and the damage caused by the war could not be summed up simply by a few cold numbers on paper.

  What's more, bureaucrats have always had a tradition of artistic processing. The bombing ended in just a few hours, so how could they accurately calculate all the losses?
  In addition to the warships and shipyards that were the focus of attention, station overpasses, platforms, and railway tracks were blown to pieces, and the ground was covered with charred and mutilated corpses.

  On the pier, Tom, who was lucky enough to escape, wiped the nervous sweat on his forehead with his sleeves and looked up at the red sun shining on the red land, which was so bright that he couldn't open his eyes.

  The war left behind blood, loneliness, destroyed homes, and pain that can never be repaired.

  The workers who were chatting just now were now left with broken walls and limbs all over the floor, and painful moans could be heard from time to time.

  Tom ignored it, not because he was unsympathetic, but because his ability was limited and he couldn't help at all.

  I have to admit that there are really three levels of people. The big shots are precious, and even if they only scratch their skin, a large number of medical staff will follow them; while the lives of the people at the bottom are like nothing, and no one will care about them even if they are seriously injured and on the verge of death.

  Don't ask why, just ask: We have tried our best, but medical resources are insufficient, and it is difficult for a skilled woman to make a meal without straw.

  After making sure it was safe, Tom climbed up from the ground and looked over as he spoke. The person who was shouting in pain was the John who had just been chatting and arguing with him.

  At this moment, John no longer had the same grace as before. The collapsed cargo hit his lower body heavily, and the ground was already covered in blood and flesh.

  After hesitating for a moment, Tom took back his steps and hurried home.

  It's not that Tom is indifferent, it's that he can't even take care of his own family, so he doesn't have the capital to meddle in his own business.

  Even though John was only injured in his lower limbs, as long as he was rescued in time and sent to a hospital for treatment, it didn't seem difficult to save his life.

  But for dock workers at the bottom, ordinary colds and fevers can make life difficult, let alone serious physical injuries.

  Expensive medical expenses are enough to crush an ordinary family. John couldn't afford it, and Tom couldn't afford it either.

  If the person is really saved, it may not be a good thing for John's family. Either break up the family or witness the ugliness of human nature.

  For the people at the bottom, when encountering such a thing, it is better to have a happy ending.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1146. Chapter 1124 Dilemma-69 Book Bar
2021-01-18 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1124 Dilemma
  In the evening, the results of the day's bombing had been compiled into documents and sent to the Vienna Palace.

  Of course, due to the conditions on the battlefield, it is impossible to accurately count the enemy's losses. There will definitely be some discrepancies between this report and the actual situation.

  The error is only a minor problem, the key is that the air strike was successful. Looking at the battle report in his hand, Franz strongly suspected that the top brass of the British military were all Shinra spies.

  Air defense is a joke. This is no longer a problem of loopholes. Instead, it seems to deliberately open the door to let the Shinra Air Force in.

  London was a little better. Although the air raid was not detected in advance, anti-aircraft firepower still existed. If the fog hadn't been too heavy, we might have achieved quite a result.

  It was embarrassing in other places. The Shinra Air Force air raided Liverpool and passed through so many towns along the way that they couldn't see the anti-aircraft artillery.

  Of course, it is also possible that the defenders below were timid and simply pretended not to see it for fear of provoking the enemy and setting themselves on fire.

  It's okay if they didn't fire. At any rate, they sent an emergency telegram to their colleagues to remind them so that everyone could be prepared.

  Nothing else can be guaranteed, but at least the Royal Navy can go to sea in advance. As long as the large fleet is not assembled, there is no need for an overhead threat at all.

  There is no problem in dispatching aircraft from all over the country to participate in the war. Britain is only such a big place anyway, and it is fighting on its own soil, so there is no need to consider the issue of returning.

  But participating in a war means participating in a war. No matter what, you have to wait until the main force is assembled before going to the battlefield!

  Blindly rushing for time, and those who arrive at the battlefield first will join the battle first. This is really not what ordinary people can think of.

  Since it was a kill tactic, the results were naturally astonishing. If it had not been for the passive completion of the assembly during the rotation of the Shinra Air Force, I am afraid that the British Air Force would have been completely defeated.

  Although they are not completely defeated now, heavy losses are still necessary. It was confirmed that 376 enemy aircraft were shot down, and countless others were injured.

  The air battle achieved a brilliant victory, and the bombing also achieved impressive results. The British military stronghold of Liverpool Port was severely beaten. Regardless of the sunk warships, the key was the damage to the shipyard.

  The shipyard can be rebuilt and equipment can be repurchased, but the loss of engineers and skilled workers is permanent.

  These days, the average life expectancy is less than fifty, there is no such thing as retirement, and re-employment naturally does not exist.

  Of course, the British family has a big business and still has a talent pool. The worst case scenario is poaching people from other small shipyards, but building warships is different from building commercial ships, and a running-in period is definitely indispensable.

  It takes time to repair the shipyard, and it takes time to train skilled workers. It only takes a year or two to add up, so don't even think about it.

  It's not that it can't be faster. If competitors are willing to help, we can still improve the progress. But this possibility is almost as high as the chance of human beings entering a harmonious society.

  Of course, today's bombing is not safe. It is best for the Air Force to visit for a few more days to consolidate this hard-won victory.

  The bombing of London was very Buddhist in comparison. There is no strategic goal, just a bombardier feel.

  Thick fog covered the sky and covered the ground, making it impossible to see the ground clearly. Statistics of the results could only rely on the efforts of the British government.

  Compared with the glorious results, Franz was more satisfied with the losses. During the daytime operation, the Shinra Air Force paid a total price of 27 fighter planes crashing and 79 fighter planes being damaged to varying degrees.

  Among the downed fighters, except for 3 bombers, the rest were fighters, and 5 of them were box lunches picked up on the way back.

  Such an exchange ratio can be said to be a miracle in military history. The only regret is that miracles don't happen often. After suffering such a big loss, the British will definitely learn a lesson and cannot expect their enemies to be stupid all the time.

  "The Air Force's performance is good, and we will continue to work hard. However, the bombing battlefield needs to be expanded. All cities within the coverage of the Air Force are bombing targets. The

  bombing of London was changed to a feint attack. Before the British recovered, Try to trap and kill the effective forces of the British Air Force as much as possible to cover the bombing of other areas."

  I have to admit that London is a good place. Although it is impossible to lock on ground targets because of the haze, the enemy's ground anti-aircraft firepower is also destroyed by the haze.

  This means that the HRE Air Force, which is on an expedition, can have a fair fight with the British Air Force fighting on the mainland.

  If we don't take advantage of the current opportunity to kill as many of the British Air Force's effective forces as possible, this good life will be over once winter ends.

  To put it bluntly, they are still taking advantage of the arrogance of the British. The people cannot tolerate the HRE Air Force running wild overhead while the government does nothing.

  As long as the British Air Force is disabled, the subsequent battle will be easier to handle. The three German empires all dared to play the "Sea Lion Project", and Shinra, which has greater advantages, can also follow suit.

  In the original time and space, the British Air Force was able to defeat the strong with the weak, but that does not mean that it can do so now. You know, American aunts these days are still playing in the mud and have no ability to transfuse blood at all.

  Now that the main force of the British Air Force is attracted to London, bombing other areas is simple. Although London is the core of the British Isles and other areas are leftovers, Franz does not dislike it at all.

  If it were not for the fact that the air force could not cover the entire British Isles, Franz would definitely order bombs to be dropped on every city.

  Not trying to kill the enemy, just trying to scare people.

  As long as people in Britain are confused, the battle ahead will be easy to fight. Now the air force cannot cover the entire British Isles, but it can still cover half of the cities.

  As long as we can secretly guide the citizens of so many cities to start a riot and demand the London government to organize air defense, it will be fun to watch.

  Air Force Minister Conrad said in embarrassment: "Your Majesty, there is no problem in continuing to bomb the British Isles, but it is probably a bit difficult to trap and kill the main force of the British Air Force.

  During the day's fighting, we had severely damaged the British Air Force. According to the comparison between the data collected on the front line and previous intelligence, the British Air Force has lost one-quarter of its fighter planes, and perhaps less than half of the fighters will be able to continue on the battlefield tomorrow.

  After suffering such a big loss today, the British will definitely learn from their experience and they will not make the same mistake a second time.

  If the British study carefully, they will find that our bombing did not have a great impact on London. On the contrary, the air battle caused greater damage.

  After calming down, I'm afraid the British Air Force will simply give in. Even if the people exert pressure, they will only provide symbolic resistance.

  Then, he calmed down and slowly accumulated strength, waiting for the opportunity. "

  No matter how good the plan is, the enemy must be willing to cooperate. The attack was too harsh during the day, which directly damaged the vitality of the British Air Force.

  If the British Air Force does not learn from the lesson and continues to choose to fight head-on with the Shinra Air Force, it may not be possible. How long will it take before even the establishment will be destroyed?

  After thinking for a moment, Franz said coldly: "Then find a way to continue to stimulate them. The British's arrogance cannot be exhausted after one failure.

  If that doesn't work, they drop leaflets on the British Isles and let the British people make the decision for them.

  I don’t care how you fight, within the next month, at least 20,000 tons of bombs will be dropped on the heads of the British. "

  It won't work if we don't work hard. Bombs also have a shelf life. The Vienna government has been preparing for this war for too long, and the ammunition reserves are too much.

  If there are not Russians as takeovers, there is still an international market for dumping, I'm afraid that just the expiration of weapons and ammunition is a big problem.

  There is no way, the plan can't change quickly. The Vienna government's original plan was prepared for the worst case scenario, that is: the British roped in France, Russia and other countries to besiege the Shinra.

  What a stir-up Diplomacy is indeed powerful, but they are men, not gods, and they cannot reverse the overall situation.

  With the efforts of the Vienna government, not only did the worst case not happen, but the situation went to the other extreme.

  The enemies who were originally on guard have now become allies. So The ammunition previously reserved for the French and Russians can now only be borne by the British family.

  As for the Oceanic Alliance created by the British, Emperor Franz said that he could not see it. Anyway, it is out of reach now and he wants to find these guys. Bad luck also happened after the war.

  ...

  It was another sleepless night in London. The bombing during the day refreshed many people's understanding and deeply touched everyone's nerves.

  "It turns out that the Royal Navy is not omnipotent. London Not safe either! "

  What followed was endless anger. The enemies threw bombs overhead, and the government could not be seen to do anything. It was clearly dereliction of duty and incompetence. Fortunately,

  the fog was thick enough and ordinary people did not see the air battle during the day. Otherwise, everyone would be so angry at this moment. We have to go to the next level.

  Once bitten by a snake, we will be afraid of well ropes for ten years.

  The excitement during the day is so great that the British cabinet government is still working in the air-raid shelter. If the space is not big enough, everyone and their families are probably together Brought in.

  Since you can’t bring it in, you can only send it out. London is very lively at the moment, and the dark night cannot stop everyone’s enthusiasm for moving.

  From princes and nobles to ordinary people, as long as conditions permit, now I'm running to the countryside.

  There is no way *** London is no longer suitable for living. The smog is already enough for everyone, but now there are bombs falling from the sky. Don't

  worry about air defense, the power of a plane falling is much greater than the power of an enemy bomb explosion. . No one can withstand the iron dumplings in the sky. I

  have never experienced bombing, and the air defense facilities are almost zero. Even the air raid shelters used by the cabinet government are made from basements.

  For the sake of life, everyone is unanimous Decided to run away. No matter how rampant the enemy's planes were, they couldn't bomb the countryside. It was not enough gas money.

  Those who were forced to stay were also panic-stricken. I only regretted that my net worth was not enough and I had to stay to make a living.

  Others can run away, but government officials cannot. If they also leave, I am afraid that the order in London will soon be completely out of control.

  Looking at the compiled battle report, Campbell almost fainted. This is no longer a matter of heavy losses; It involves the outcome of the war.

  Witnessing the power of the air force in person, Campbell's confidence in the Royal Navy has also been shaken.

  The English Channel is only a small distance. Once air superiority is lost, no one can guarantee that the enemy will not force a landing.

  God Luo Haijun's strength is not weak, and there are navies from various European countries to help. If coupled with the cooperation of the air force, can the Royal Navy really withstand it?
  At least the Royal Navy stationed in Liverpool told him with practical actions: Facing the threat from the sky The enemy was powerless.

  After forcing himself to calm down, Campbell asked cautiously: "If we were prepared in advance, would the Air Force have the ability to protect the safety of the British Isles? "

  As if his soul was being tortured, Attilio, as the Minister of the Air Force, was speechless for a moment.

  If it were before today, he would definitely say "yes"; but the facts are in front of him. If you say "can" at this step, you don't know what it means.

  After hesitating for a while, Attilio said slowly: "It's difficult! The battle during the day proved the strength gap between the two sides. Our boys were very brave, but the performance gap between the fighter planes was too great.

  Everyone has also seen the battle report. In just one day of confrontation, more than a quarter of our fighter planes crashed, and nearly half of the fighter planes needed major repairs.

  At this point, the Air Force has essentially been exhausted and needs to rest and recuperate. It is not suitable to fight the enemy again in the short term.

  If I had prepared in advance, I can only say that the battle would not have been so one-sided. To defeat the enemy, we need more and more advanced fighters. "

  This answer did not surprise everyone, but the result is still very frustrating.

  The facts are before our eyes, this is an unequal battle. The Air Force's failure is not only due to the poor performance of the fighter jets, but also to the tactical application and battlefield response. None of them are qualified.

  The only advantage is probably that they are brave enough and no one escapes. Of course, this cannot be considered brave, because everyone who escapes has met God. The

  aircraft performance cannot keep up, which is such a tragedy. Even if you want to escape, you will not be able to escape. You can't outrun the enemy.

  There is still a glimmer of hope in the battle. If you turn around and run away, you will leave your back to the enemy and let the enemy shoot him.

  Even in the later stage, the British fighter planes had an advantage in numbers, but they still did not change the situation of being passively beaten. situation.

  The main reason is that the coordination between the fighters is not in place. Although there are more aircraft, they are at a loss on the battlefield.

  If these problems are not solved, it is simply a dream to make a comeback. But the reality is that it is easy to find problems. It is difficult to solve the problem.

  Whether it is the performance of fighter aircraft or the accumulation of tactics, it takes time to build up, and it cannot be made up overnight.

  Prime Minister Campbell: "For the problem of aircraft, the government can try its best to find a solution. Domestic factories are really working overtime to rush production. , other problems need to be solved by the military itself.

  Rest..."

  The words suddenly stuck on his lips. There was no way, and Prime Minister Campbell didn't have the confidence to make random promises.

  The atmosphere in the room became depressed again, and no one was optimistic about the current situation. No one was Thinking of it, an air battle put Britain into an embarrassing situation.

  (End of chapter)

