Close
Holy Roman Empire-1046. Chapter 1026 The Incomprehensible Capital-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1026: Incomprehensible Capital

  The spring breeze blows, and everything begins to recover. Under the sunshine, the withered toon trees sprouted fragrant red buds again, as if telling the cycle of history.

  The drills before the military parade began. Looking at the troops gathering from all over the world, Schlieffen was not happy at all.

  Regardless of whether they are officers or ordinary soldiers, there is no essential difference when walking in the square formation.

  Although the Prussian army is elite, the teams participating in military parades from various places are not idiots. It's simply impossible to stand out by standing on other people's shoulders.

  "New and different" is completely overthinking. All aspects of the military parade are set up in advance, and the troops participating in the review only need to follow the plan.

  "Military orders are like mountains" is no joke. If you try new tricks on your own initiative, no matter what the result is, you must go to a military court.

  It is true that suicide Schlieffen wanted to attract the emperor's attention, but he was not prepared to commit to achieve it. If you really mess up the National Day military parade, not only will you be ruined, but your unit number may also be canceled .

  No matter how glorious the Prussian army was in the past, they are only an insignificant part of the current defense system of the Holy Roman Empire.

  It is simply that there is not much with them, and there is not much without them. The Holy Roman Empire, with a population of 130 million, has established absolute dominance on the European continent.

  If there is just no way to attract the emperor's attention, then that's it. After all, the chance of such a thing is very low, and they have a backup plan.

  What made Schlieffen even more sad was that among the many troops who arrived in Vienna, they became the most shabby existence. If that counts as attention-grabbing, they've really succeeded.

  The armies of other countries came in armored vehicles and looked very impressive, but the Prussian army came on horseback.

  Although the cavalry has not withdrawn from the stage of history, the torrent of steel has become the main line of future development. In particular, countries that have personally experienced the anti-French war have strengthened their determination to develop armored tanks.

  Chasing hot topics is human nature. Regardless of whether it is a big country or a small country, those who retain an army have bought themselves a bunch of new toys to prop up their appearance.

  If it hadn't been banned by the traffic control department, people would probably come over in planes and tanks.

  Anyway, the number of people participating in the military parade from each country is not large, ranging from a few people to a hundred people, and the means of transportation are the same.

  In this case, of course the scenery came about. After all, everyone wants to save face, and there is no way to be embarrassed in front of the people of the country.

  You must know that movies have been born. As the first military parade of the Holy Roman Empire, the image data must be preserved. Once recorded, it is an eternal stain.

  Facts have proved that this is completely overthinking.

  For aircraft, artillery, tanks and armor, the Central Army can just perform the show. The armies of various states participating in the review all marched in infantry phalanxes.

  This result can only make Schlieffen feel slightly relieved, but more of it is bitter. It is definitely not a wonderful feeling to watch one by one being surpassed by neighbors who were not as good as you before.

  ...

  The Holy Roman Empire's grand military parade not only affected the hearts of the people at home, but also attracted the attention of the world.

  As a newly emerging overlord, every move of the Vienna government is subject to "political interpretation" from the outside world. Even if there is no purpose, the purpose will be interpreted by others.

  The person who is most concerned about all this is naturally Spanish Foreign Minister Junior, who has just arrived in Vienna and wants to obtain diplomatic support and policy loans.

  ...

  In the embassy district of Vienna, there is a row of buildings with distinct levels and staggered heights, full of sunlight and vitality.

  Almost everyone will stop and admire this artistic Spanish-style building when they arrive here.

  Perhaps this is the last stubbornness of the old-school empire. Although Spain has declined, its investment in diplomacy has never been shabby, at least the embassy in Vienna.

  "Count Brad, you have been in Vienna for twenty years. If you say who knows the Holy Roman Empire best in Spain, it is definitely you. The

  Vienna government is holding a military parade at this time. Do you think they are really just to show respect to the British? Demonstration?"

  Junior had no choice but to think too much. Even though the Vienna government rarely caused trouble, once it did, it would be earth-shattering.

  As far as the "military parade" incident itself is concerned, it is neither big nor small. If it had been left before, Junior wouldn't be so concerned.

  Things are different now. The European War has ended more than three years ago, and the economic crisis is about to pass. The Holy Roman Empire, which had initially completed the integration of the German states, had come out of its period of weakness.

  The two-headed eagle that has raised its body will always go out to hunt. No matter how you change, you will still be an eagle, and you cannot change to a vegetarian diet.

  Looking at the world today, the only country with the strength to compete with the Holy Roman Empire is Britain, and the Russians are at most half of it.

  On the surface, the relationship between Britain and Austria has indeed been somewhat tense in recent years. There is nothing wrong with the Vienna government's military parade to demonstrate to the British.

  It's just that Junior doesn't think things will be that simple. After all, the Holy Roman Empire's advantage lay on land, while the British's advantage lay at sea.

  No matter how powerful the Shinra Army was, the British, protected by the strait, would not feel the real pressure.

  Unless the location of the military parade is changed to the sea and dozens of battleships are gathered together for a performance, it is estimated that it will give the British a headache for a few days.

  Minister Bullard smiled slightly, put down the coffee in his hand, and replied: "The purpose of the Vienna government is naturally not just to demonstrate against the British.

  If you want to cause trouble to the British, it would be more effective to directly increase the navy budget and build a few more warships.

  Your Excellency, please remember that apart from the British, there is also a polar bear on the European continent. Although the bear is hibernating now, no one can ignore their presence.

  Especially since they have just changed their tsar, and the newly succeeded Tsar Nicholas II has recently started troubles in the country.

  Based on past experience, I personally judge that HRE’s National Day military parade is Emperor Franz’s attempt to beat the Russians again.

  This is almost an endless cycle. Every time an ambitious tsar succeeds to the throne, the relationship between Russia and Austria will be tense for a period of time. After hitting a wall, the relationship between the two countries will soon return to normal.

  Of course, the intention to demonstrate to countries around the world is not ruled out. After all, they were the overlords now and had to do something. "

  In recent decades, no European politician has been troubled by the mention of the "Russian-Austrian Alliance." It can be said that this alliance directly determines the direction of the European situation.

  However, the internal relations of this seemingly unbreakable alliance are far less than those of the outside world. It’s so harmonious to see.

  The secret struggle between Russia and Austria has never stopped surrounding the struggle for leadership of the alliance. It was not until recent years that Austria gradually gained leadership of the alliance by virtue of its economic advantages, and the struggle gradually eased. .

  However, how could the tsarist government be willing to be a younger brother? Starting from Alexander II, almost every tsarist government has made efforts to get rid of Austrian influence.

  Unfortunately, the tsarist government is too poor. Every time they As soon as the economy improved, new wars followed.

  The final result was that after each war, the Russian Empire became more dependent on Austria.

  From the initial economy, to the military, and then the industrial system , now that it has reached culture and art, the connection between the two countries is too close. The

  economic crisis that broke out not long ago is an example. The Holy Roman Empire had economic problems, and the Russian Empire had no room to struggle, and was directly dragged into the water.

  Whether they are willing to admit it or not, the interests of the ruling class of the tsarist government are tied to Austria.

  If they are unlucky, Austria may only suffer a short-term pain; but once something goes wrong in Austria, their pocketbooks will definitely be ruined.

  If not In this way, the tsarist government will not be easily fooled into joining the anti-French war, let alone sit back and watch the restoration of the Holy Roman Empire. At

  this stage of development, it is no longer something that can be opposed by just one person's objection. Anything that damages the relationship between the two countries These actions are all tampering with the cheese of the bureaucrats and aristocrats. If

  the Vienna government really turns its back and lets African agricultural products enter the market and relaxes restrictions on mineral resource development, the Russian Empire's agriculture and mining industries will soon be finished.

  Not only the bureaucrats and aristocrats will not Agree, but the compradors and national capitalists below also do not agree. While buying and buying, the lifeline of Russian industry and commerce will inevitably be handed over to Russia.

  All vested interests are opposed, but the tsar wants to change. The final outcome You don’t need to think about it.

  This conclusion was not made by Minister Bullard out of thin air, but was achieved through decades of experience and lessons learned by Britain and France.

  In order to split up the Russian-Austrian alliance, the French worked hard for more than thirty years, and the British People have worked hard for forty years, and countless international relations experts and scholars have painstakingly studied, and finally came to this conclusion. The

  simplest and only way to destroy the relationship between the two countries is: a political earthquake occurs in the tsarist government and the original vested interests All the interested parties are eliminated.

  Moreover, the new ruling class must also be highly combative. Not only must it be able to resist the enemy's sugar-coated bullets, but it must also be prepared to endure hardships and stand hard work for a long time and suppress the rebellion of bankrupt workers and peasants in the country at any time.

  "Well! "

  As long as it's not against Spain or the bad things between Russia and Austria, Junior has no intention of getting involved.

  "As long as it doesn't involve us, then just watch the excitement. By the way, how are you talking about the loan with the bankers in Vienna? "

  Junior has not forgotten the purpose of coming to Vienna. As long as he can borrow money, everything else is trivial.

  At the mention of borrowing, the smile on Minister Brad's face suddenly disappeared. After a moment of silence , then slowly said: "Your Majesty, you know. Those vampires all eat people without spitting out their bones.

  Not only are the loan interest rates high, but they also require collateral, and it is not collateral in the ordinary sense.

  They wanted us to use the issuance rights of the game tower as collateral. "

  Minister Brad is also helpless. With the financial situation of the Spanish government, it is impossible for ordinary commercial banks to lend. If you want to get a loan, you can only go to those extraordinary speculative banks or financial small loan companies. " .Interests

  are the easiest thing to make people lose. Seeing overseas bankers one after another get their hands deep into politics, and some even directly control the currency issuance power of a country, some people in the Shinra financial community can't sit still. There were

  even Some people have paid attention to the publishing rights of SHIELD, but these guys were unlucky. They encountered a strong government and soon met God.

  Big meat is not available, but slightly smaller meat is equally tempting. Spain came to your door at this time, The financial speculators couldn't bear it anymore.

  After a long silence, Junior said slowly: "What a huge appetite, aren't they afraid of being choked to death?

  Who gave them the confidence to eat us? Could it be..."

  Before Junior could finish speaking, Minister Brad interrupted: "It wasn't the Vienna government, I'm sure of that.

  They did not touch the money-issuing rights of the Italian states when they were given to them; during the recent economic crisis, they did not take advantage of it.

  Aegis is already the world's currency, and the game tower and Aegis are also linked. Our currency issuance rights are not important to them.

  As for the origin of this vampire, in fact we are all familiar with it. Except for those damned Jewish ghosts, there is no one in the world who is so greedy..."

  The brave will be starved to death, and the timid will be starved to death. Jewish capital is the most prominent in this regard.

  Although it suffered losses in the previous anti-corruption campaign It was disastrous, but after a period of recovery, Jewish capital reappeared in the financial world.

  However, this time they were no longer mainstream bankers, but some small financial loan companies, or speculative banks.

  There is no other way. Apart from making quick money through side channels, it is simply impossible for ordinary business models to make a comeback so quickly.

  Different from the unscrupulousness in the past, Jewish financiers have restrained themselves a lot after experiencing severe beatings from society.

  Realizing that God After Luo was not suitable for their development, these people were also considering the three cunning rabbit holes. It happened that Spain came to the door at this time, and the following story came about. After

  calming down, Junior quickly realized that something was wrong. Without anyone's support, he dared to The idea of ​​​​playing with the distribution rights of Betta is no longer ordinary.

  "No, there must be a problem behind this. The power of Jewish capital in Austria is not strong. With their strength alone, it is simply impossible to mobilize so much cash in a short period of time.

  What's more, our situation is not good. Why do they dare to borrow loans that other commercial banks dare not grant?

  We must find out who is supporting this. Otherwise, I would rather make a deal with the Vienna government than deal with these vampires. "

  Although I don't know who is scheming, one thing Junior knows is that Jewish capital has no ability to fight against a country.

  Even if a contract is signed, if the Spanish government breaches the contract, they have nothing to do.

  (This chapter over)

Close
The Deal on the Pole—Don't Do It-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1027: The Deal on the Pole - Do Not Do It

  Now that the war has started, it cannot be stopped just as easily. Especially the endangered island of Cuba. If reinforcements are not dispatched quickly, it may change hands.

  The Spanish government's wealth had been almost exhausted in the previous war. The funds raised from domestic sources are very limited and cannot be sustained for long.

  There was no time to wait for the results of the investigation to come out, so Junior first approached the Vienna government. Obviously, Junior is still very afraid of bankers who wander around the fringes.

  There is no other reason than to learn from experience and lessons. Signing a loan contract does not mean that you will be able to get a loan.

  Seventy million Aegis is not a small amount. There are only three or four countries in the world with annual fiscal revenue exceeding 70 million Aegis.

  It's just that the fourth family was too corrupt. It was clear that the actual income exceeded 70 million Aegis, but in the end it fell into the hands of the central government, but it was far less.

  For such a huge loan, there will definitely be no more than ten banks in the world that are capable of undertaking this loan, and there may even be less than five.

  Generally speaking, this kind of high-risk large-amount international loans are jointly provided by multiple banks to form a banking syndicate.

  Mainstream commercial banks are struggling so hard. How can a few loan sharks who have been relegated to the fringes come up with so much money?

  If you sign a contract, waste time, and only find out that you have been cheated when you finally lend money, you will be in big trouble.

  This kind of routine has been performed more than once on the European continent, and Spain has experienced it personally in its history.

  Of course, being cheated and cheating are always mutual. Although the Spanish government has been tricked by financiers, they have also tricked them back.

  Bankruptcy, default, anti-Semitism, a series of supporting operations are all too familiar. It is precisely because everyone is familiar with the routine that Junior is even more suspicious.

  ...

  "I'm very sorry, we have no interest in Morocco. The empire already has enough colonies, and we have no plans to continue to expand."

  As he spoke, Weisenberg picked up the coffee and blew it gently. The tone was slowly savored.

  Trading on the pole is not a good deal. Morocco has always been closely watched by European powers due to its unique geographical location and fertile land.

  Although Spain was the first to colonize Morocco, before they could swallow up the Moroccan region, European powers joined in.

  Twenty years ago, there was a battle between Britain, Austria, France and Spain for the Moroccan region.

  After a series of struggles, Austria was the first to give up and expand to East Africa; then the British were squeezed out, and in the end only France and Spain were left with geographical advantages.

  Under normal circumstances, Spain would definitely not be able to compete with France. It was just that at that time, Napoleon III focused his expansion strategy on Italy, and finally the pattern of France and Spain carving up Morocco was formed.

  Although the Kingdom of Morocco has declined, it still has a certain degree of strength. Coupled with the mutual restraint between France and Spain, this small African country has miraculously survived.

  Just after the Continental War, Morocco was assigned to the Kingdom of Spain. It's just that the Spaniards were too busy and never had time to swallow the piece of meat in their mouths.

  There was a problem at this delay. The expansion of France and Spain in Morocco is not only the economic market, but also accompanied by the influx of a large number of immigrants.

  By the time the European War broke out, French and Spanish colonists had seized millions of hectares of land in Morocco and opened thousands of farms and plantations.

  Originally, the Moroccan government could not afford to offend France and Spain, so it could only swallow its anger. But with the defeat of France, the situation changed.

  Morocco's far-sighted people, who were not willing to lose their colonies, began to try to expel the French colonists. The French colonists, who had no state to back them up, soon suffered the most brutal social beatings.

  The victory of the anti-French movement directly contributed to the awakening of nationalism in Morocco. Although it was only a germ and the Sudanese government was still weak, the Spaniards were in trouble.

  Since Spain invaded Morocco in 1860, the two countries have had a blood feud. From 1884 to 1885, after Spain occupied the port of Rio de Oro, it aroused resistance from various Moroccan tribes.

  As conflicts accumulated, Spain again went to war with northern Moroccan tribes in 1891 and 1893.

  Victory does not mean the end of things, but the accumulation of hatred. As news of the Cuban rebellion spread, Morocco became unsettled again.

  Now all it takes is a little spark to detonate it. The exhausted Spanish government no longer has the ability to open a third battlefield.

  Yes, the Spaniards now suspected that the Viennese government was behind it, or rather was one of the culprits.

  One bright British person is enough for them to endure, but if there is another Shinra who stabs the enemy in the back, their life will really be unbearable.

  In this context, the Spanish government, which was in a hurry to seek medical treatment, directly used Morocco as a bargaining chip and prepared to trade with the Vienna government.

  Such an obvious operation could not be hidden from Weisenberg. It's depressing enough to take the blame for someone else, but to be the one who takes the blame for someone else's fault is simply invincible.

  The Holy Roman Empire had long since passed the era of starvation. Now that Morocco has accepted the Spaniards, wouldn't it really be like taking advantage of the situation?

  It would be fine if it was Morocco occupied by Spain. The problem is that the Spanish government only has a name. Even if a deal is reached, Shinra will still have to take matters into his own hands in the end.

  Instead of spending money and suffering, it would be better not to accept this mess from the beginning and wait until Spain loses Morocco before taking action.

  After receiving this answer, Junior was not surprised. It would be a problem if he agreed directly. The negotiation has just begun, and it shows that it is determined to win. How can we lower the price?

  As for the Vienna government’s lack of interest in Morocco, no one would believe it if they asked just about it on the street.

  "HRE's Africa" ​​is not just a myth. Regarding Shinra's plan to monopolize the African continent, there are many widely circulated versions.

  Even if the Vienna government is not interested, the noble lords in Africa will find ways to promote its implementation.

  If no action is taken now, it is just that everyone is busy building their own territory and can't think about expanding the territory for a while.

  After ten or eight years, when everyone's territory construction is initially completed, someone will take action.

  Junior didn't know whether other countries could defend their colonies. Spain would definitely not be able to defend Morocco anyway.

  There is no need for the Vienna government to send troops. The surrounding noble lords can gather tens of thousands of people together.

  Not too many similar things have happened. After all, the territory of the Holy Roman Empire in Africa was gained bit by bit in this way.

  Except for the fact that the Vienna government sent troops to fight at the beginning of the colonization, the subsequent battles were basically organized voluntarily by the people below.

  "Hit" is easy to say, but if it is really done, it will cost people's lives. The anti-French war, the Philippine war, and now the Cuban war to quell the rebellion, which war did not make Spain vomit three liters of blood?

  Since the future is destined to be uncertain, it is better to take the opportunity to sell it at a good price and save the richest colony first.

  At least the Spanish government can be sure that the Holy Roman Empire will not spy on the island of Cuba, let alone the Philippine Islands.

  Based on past experience, as long as core interests are not involved, the Vienna government has always been shameless and will not extend its hands to the younger brother's sphere of influence.

  "Your Excellency, your country has no shortage of colonies, and we naturally know it. To be honest, we have no choice but to sell Morocco this time. The

  Kingdom of Spain has exhausted its vitality due to continuous wars. Now it has to endure the pain and sell Morocco. Raise funds to make up for the financial difficulties.

  Considering our traditional friendship with your country, we immediately thought of your country. If this deal can be reached, I believe it will be a win-win situation for both our countries."

  Weisenberg He nodded, but remained unmoved. He understood the meaning clearly.

  It's just that if the Holy Roman Empire doesn't want it, Morocco will be sold to the British. Anyway, Spain is now unable to participate in African disputes and has no intention of joining in the fun.

  Between countries, interests always come first. Regardless of the current stalemate between Britain and Spain over the Cuban issue, as long as Spain makes a compromise, it will soon become good-neighborly and friendly.

  "I understand what you mean. Your country's main purpose of selling the Moroccan region is to raise funds.

  If enough funds can be raised through other methods, then it does not matter whether you want to sell the Moroccan region.

  In fact, your country lacks funds. We can still help with your problems. The Holy Roman Empire has the most advanced financial system. As long as your country’s funding gap is not too big, we can help solve it.”

  Although he does not support the strategy of dominating Africa, Weisenberg also There was no objection to expanding the territory of the empire. If things were calm in Morocco, he would naturally be willing to pay a sum of money to buy it.

  They are all colonies anyway, so as long as the bid is high enough, it cannot be considered as taking advantage of the situation. After all, territorial trading is nothing new in the European world.

  Unfortunately, the situation in Morocco is already very tense, and there is no telling when war will break out again. Spending this money again would seem unjust.

  As for whether the Spanish government would sell Morocco to others, Weissenberg never took it seriously.

  Aren’t the British fools who spent huge sums of money to buy nominal sovereignty just to increase the border with the Holy Roman Empire?

  Just think about it and you know it's impossible. Now taking over Morocco is not only wealth, but also a heavy burden for the British government.

  The Cape of Good Hope in South Africa and British Ethiopia in East Africa are all ready-made examples. In order to maintain local stability, the British government had to station heavy troops.

  Although the two governments are exercising restraint and suppressing conflicts as much as possible, there will always be people below who are hot-headed.

  Especially after the Holy Roman Empire became the new overlord, the surrounding noble lords became restless. Although actual fighting with real swords and guns did not happen, planning of indigenous rebellions did happen from time to time.

  You must know that during the Austrian period, there was still a local indigenous colonial army, but now they can't even be seen.

  It is said that because the colonial government's military pay was too low, these people became deserters and fled to Ethiopia.

  What happened specifically was because a fire destroyed the archives. Anyway, the final result was that hundreds of thousands of colonial troops took their families and became kings in British Ethiopia.

  There was no way, the British only ruled Ethiopia in name only at that time. Only a few thousand lobster soldiers have to manage millions of square kilometers of land, and they can't take care of it no matter how hard they try.

  What's more, the people who were relocated were indigenous people. They didn't pay attention to it at first. Later, when they came to their senses, they were a little slow, which is understandable.

  There’s nothing to say, just hit him when you react! The great powers always like to use their fists to reason.

  Unfortunately, although the lobster soldiers were able to defeat this group of uninvited guests, they were unable to eliminate them.

  In order to solve these troubles, the British government increased its troops many times, but the number of enemies continued to increase. The African natives look similar, and they get enlarged accidentally.

  After weighing the pros and cons, the British found that it was useless to conquer the jungle on their own. There were too few people and too much land to manage.

  What worries the British even more is that in a series of wars to quell chaos, their territory has actually shrunk. Unknowingly, the location of the original boundary marker has been moved.

  In the end, it was the London government that came forward to communicate with the Vienna government to solve the problem. Although the Vienna government promised not to expand into British territory, there was no way to return to the land that had been occupied.

  After suffering a loss, the British government could only bite the bullet and increase its troops. In order to prevent the boundary marker from wandering off again, the border can only be guarded by troops.

  Affected by the increase in troops, colonial military expenditures increased significantly, so that British Africa is now losing money.

  For strategic reasons, the British government gritted its teeth and endured. If you spend a lot of money to buy the Moroccan region, you will really have a hole in your head.

  There are no competitors, and the Moroccan region cannot escape, so Weisenberg is naturally not in a hurry. The Vienna government is still busy at the moment, and it won't be too late to take action when it has time to relax.

  Anyway, the Spanish government is poor enough and it will be a matter of time before it cannot repay its debts. At that time, it will always need to come up with something to pay off the debts.

  Compared to Cuba and the Philippines, which can create a lot of wealth, the Moroccan region that is only owned in name is obviously easier to abandon.

  "Your Excellency, Marquis, thank you so much. To tell you the truth, in order to raise funds, we really tried our best.

  The Japanese were unwilling to fail and supported the rebels on the Philippine Islands. The Philippine Campaign continues; the British He also planned the Cuban independence movement, which needs money everywhere.

  Spain’s financial resources are limited and can only provide part of the funds. At present, we still have a funding gap of 70 million Aegis.

  ..."

  Although I don’t know what Weisenberg is planning. , but if he can get the loan, Junior's goal will be achieved.

  The most important thing now is to cry for poverty and sell misery to win sympathy. Anyway, apart from the colonies, there is nothing worth spying on in Spain.

  Based on past experience, the Vienna government is quite disciplined in this regard. There are political strings attached, but they don't lend money at usury.

  "Seventy million Aegis." After hearing this number, Weissenberg frowned slightly.

  Even though the loans issued by the Vienna government amounted to more than one billion Aegis, they were all done in batches. Except for the Russians, no one has ever borrowed that much money from here at once.

  Especially when lending to Spain, which has obvious problems with its repayment ability, it is even more necessary to weigh the pros and cons.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1048. Chapter 1028 Abnormal Commercial Loan-69 Book Bar
2020-11-01 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1028 Abnormal Commercial Loan

  Every huge loan cannot be finalized in a few words. In addition to the exchange of political interests, it is also accompanied by a series of risk assessments and detailed negotiations.

  Commercial loans are different from pure policy loans.

  Pure policy loans are fully funded by the government, and banks only lend on behalf of them without considering risks and returns. This is different for commercial loans. Even if the government provides a guarantee, it is limited to the principal part.

  As for the specific benefits and risks, commercial banks still need to send their own personnel to make assessments. In theory, as long as the bank believes that the risks outweigh the benefits, the loan will fall through.

  From this point of view, even if the Vienna government agrees to grant this loan, it is still unknown whether the Spanish government can finally obtain the loan.

  Of course, things are not negotiable. Capital pursues profit, and as long as the return is high enough, risk is no longer a problem.

  Junior was naturally very disappointed when he failed to get the full support of the Vienna government and had to bargain with bankers.

  Based on his past experience in dealing with bankers, Junior knew that this time it would be impossible without bleeding. Thinking of Spain's current financial situation, Junior felt bad.

  "It's hard to borrow money, and it's even harder to repay it!"

  If nothing goes wrong, after receiving this loan, the Kingdom of Spain will surpass the Confederate States of America and become the world's third largest debtor country after the United States of America.

  The ones ahead of them are naturally the Russians. Being able to owe huge debts these days is also a skill. Who else but the tsarist government would do it?

  Although the Vienna government also carried huge debts, the Holy Roman Empire was still a creditor nation.

  Just like a company that owes money to upstream raw material suppliers, there are also accounts receivable from downstream dealers that have not been collected.

  Payment for goods should be included in costs, and accounts receivable should be included in profits. If the profit exceeds the cost, it is a profit; if the profit exceeds the cost, it is a loss.

  Although the Vienna government owes a lot of money to others, there are even more people who cannot bear to owe them money. After comprehensive calculation, the creditor's rights are still greater than the debt.

  Just look at the debt of the Tsarist government next door. Most of it was borrowed from here. In addition, there is a group of juniors who are also big accounts receivable.

  There is no way, banks also need to assess risks.

  For example, in European countries that have declared bankruptcy, no commercial bank dares to lend money to them, even if there is a guarantee.

  Debt collection also takes time, and with a nearly 100% default rate, no one is willing to do it!

  In the end, a compromise solution could only be adopted, in which the banks lent money to the Vienna government, and the Vienna government lent money to them.

  As a result, the Vienna government, which has been continuously reducing its debt holdings, has not only not reduced its own debt, but has actually increased it.

  Originally, Junior also wanted to obtain this kind of special loan. After all, the Vienna government has taken over the risk, and the loan interest rates given by banks are usually very low.

  It's a pity that this is a good thing to think about. Without offering enough benefits in exchange, how could the Vienna government act as the victim?

  What's more, it's not like Spain can't provide collateral. Compared with those poor little brothers, the Spanish government is still relatively wealthy.

  Whether it is money-issuing rights, colonies, customs duties, or even territory, they can all be mortgaged.

  Just because the Vienna government is not interested does not mean that no one is interested. In the minds of many people, these are high-quality assets. As long as you sell to the right customers, you can be very fruitful.

  "Extracting oil" is still suitable for professionals. Bankers are definitely the most professional in this regard, bar none.

  As for the risk of default, who wants to make a fortune without taking risks? As long as the Vienna government is willing to guarantee it, the risk will be within control.

  ...

  "Have you checked it out?"

  Junior asked.

  Although he reached an initial agreement with the Vienna government on the borrowing issue, he still did not give up the line of Jewish capital.

  You can never have too much money. If possible, Junior still wants to get as many loans as possible.

  After all, war is full of uncertainties, and no one can be sure what the final cost will be until the last moment.

  If it weren't for the fact that there was really no other way, it would be impossible for the Ministry of War to propose recruiting "French mercenaries" to fight. The military has no confidence in its own soldiers, and Junior has no confidence even more.

  Just look at the Philippine War. Spain's most elite troops also have absolute firepower superiority, and they can't even defeat a group of Japanese natives.

  Although the Spanish army has an advantage in the exchange ratio, compared with the performance of the French mercenaries, it is necessary to compare goods.

  In fact, the problem of insufficient combat effectiveness of the Spanish government forces was exposed at a more critical period. If you dig deeper, you can go all the way back to the last century, or the last century.

  But now the problem is more serious. Everyone knows that the Spanish Army must carry out reforms, but now is a war period, and the Spanish government simply does not know how to start.

  Since our own army is not strong enough, we can only rely on "krypton gold" to make up for it. Without preparing some money, Junior was really worried about running out of funds again.

  Minister Brad: "Time is too short. We have only found out their identities on the surface. It is not yet certain whether they are secretly colluding with other forces.

  You may not believe it if you tell me, but the stories of these guys are summarized. A legendary novel.

  If I had to name it, I think it could be called "The Struggle of the Jewish Capitalists" or "The Resilience of the Jewish Capitalists."

  According to the information we found, these guys have a glorious family history. Their fathers once dominated the largest financial consortium in Germany.

  But because he was too greedy and wanted to extend his tentacles into politics, he secretly supported the Revolutionary Party during the Vienna Rebellion in 1848.

  Afterwards, these financial consortiums were liquidated by the Vienna government. However, these people reacted quickly enough and ran away immediately when they saw that the momentum was not right.

  People run away and their inheritance is gone. It was either destroyed by the rebels or confiscated by the Vienna government. In short, after 1848, the power of Jewish capital in Austria suffered a heavy blow.

  After the storm, the lucky ones who escaped were able to make a comeback with the help of capital transferred in advance.

  It's just that this time they were unlucky and happened to catch up with the Vienna government's anti-corruption case. The Jewish capitalists involved in the case received special attention from the Vienna government. Hundreds of them were hanged and thousands of them were exiled overseas.

  After the incident ended, the power of Jewish capital in the Austrian financial world was basically wiped out, and it began to decline.

  Although the Jewish consortium was destroyed, there were always a few fish that slipped through the net. The people we are currently in contact with are the descendants of people who once slipped through the net, but are now brought to the forefront and become the talkers.

  At present, it has only been found to be related to Jewish capital in the German region. Originally, they had a very close connection with Austrian Jewish capital, and the Vienna government's actions also harmed their interests.

  Driven by profit, these people have always been the most opposed to rebuilding HRE. It's just that my back arms can't hold my thighs, so I can only accept the reality.

  After the establishment of the Holy Roman Empire, these Jewish capitals also shrunk a lot in order to avoid being liquidated.

  On the one hand, reduce the sense of presence as much as possible; on the other hand, strengthen the establishment of personal connections and strive to make friends with powerful people.

  I just don’t know why, but it suddenly came to us. "

  Knowing that the Vienna government's strict financial controls are not suitable for capital speculation. The Jewish capital still did not run away, but stayed in the Holy Roman Empire, which can already explain a lot of problems. Perhaps in the eyes of the outside

  world, the Jewish capital is one family. In fact Competition among Jewish capital is equally fierce.

  "Today you cheat me, tomorrow I will cheat you" is the normal state of capital operation. The

  so-called compatriotism only exists between ordinary people. Capitals all over the world are the same. , the essence is - profit-seeking.

  The market is not unlimited, and no one welcomes competitors to join. It is easy to leave the Holy Roman Empire, but changing places does not mean that you will have a good life. The

  anti-Semitic movement is not a joke, Outsiders who have nothing to do are just fat sheep delivered to the door. Using fat sheep to test the will of wolves is simply...

  In comparison, the situation in the Holy Roman Empire is pretty good. Although the government has relatively loose control, Vienna The government abides by the rules!

  Within the scope of the rules, although it is difficult to obtain huge profits, it is better than safety. There is no need to worry about being clicked when you wake up.

  For ordinary Jewish people, the impact is even smaller. In addition to education Control is strict, there are no Jewish schools, and they can only go to public schools to study. A stable social environment is their favorite.

  However, compared with the wandering life, these small flaws are not insurmountable. After all, they have to work for a group of people every day. Ordinary Jewish people are busy with three meals a day and have no time to take care of so much.

  Against this background, although many Jewish immigrants have poured into the Holy Roman Empire in recent years, the concept of the Jewish nation has gradually been diluted.

  National integration , in line with the interests of ordinary people, but harming the interests of Jewish capital.

  Without the cover of these ordinary people, they are the bright lights in the night, and they are the brightest cubs wherever they go.

  Forced by helplessness, many Austrian regions The Jewish capital in Austria does not regard itself as Jewish and has become lurking.

  So from the bright side, the Jewish capital in Austria has indeed declined, and now relies on the Jewish consortium in North Germany to survive. There

  is not much found, but the bright side The things on the Internet gave Bruniol a headache.

  Politics is cruel. Based on past experience, Junior knew that the simpler the background, the bigger the problems behind it.

  Several Jews who had been severely beaten by society Capitalists, if there is no one to back them up, why would they dare to accept such high-risk loans?

  “If we agree to their conditions, when will the fastest loan be available? "

  It doesn't matter if you don't know who is behind it. Real money can't deceive people anyway. As long as he can get the loan, Junior doesn't care who is behind the scenes.

  "Calculation" must also be based on strength. . If there are just a few powerful people, Junior would not mind letting them know what social cruelty is.

  Minister Brad: "These people promised to start lending money within a month after signing the contract and releasing it to the public.

  They also put forward conditions for sending someone to monitor the use of the funds. To ensure that funds are not misappropriated, they release funds once a week.

  The first batch of loans is one million Aegis, and then the weekly loan limit will be determined based on the actual situation. "

  "has a problem! "

  This was Junior's first reaction. Although it is an international practice to issue loans in batches, disbursing funds once a week seems too frequent.

  After wandering a few steps in the room, Junior said slowly: "Promise them, but the first batch of loans cannot be one million Aegis.

  According to international practice, the amount of the first batch of loans should not be less than 10% of the total loan amount. And the loan period cannot be one month, but must be within one week. "

  ...

  (End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1049.Chapter 1029 Fraud of the Century-69 Book Bar
2020-11-01 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1029: Fraud of the Century

  With the continuous development of the economy, a unique financial street has gradually formed around the Vienna Stock Exchange Center.

  One-third of the banks of the Holy Roman Empire, 45% of the securities companies, and countless other financial companies were gathered here.

  It can be said that all financial companies with some strength have set up a stronghold here. Those with strong strength even own a building.

  Of course, there are only a few who are powerful anywhere. Being able to own an office building in the financial world where land is at a premium, even if it is leased, is not something that ordinary companies can do.

  It's not just about money. There are so many rich people here, and everyone knows each other's details, so pretending to be cool will turn you into a fool.

  With a feeling of apprehension, Ababurnel quickly entered the Newfoundland Building and rushed to the Appel Commercial Bank where he worked.

  As an old-school commercial bank in Germany, Appel Commercial Bank not only failed to keep up with the development of the times due to poor management, but also deteriorated under the impact of competitors.

  Especially during the stock market crash a year ago, Appel Commercial Bank had a large number of bad debts on its books due to errors in judgment.

  Appel Commercial Bank, which was on the verge of bankruptcy, quietly changed hands without interest. As a new employee after the bank changed hands, Ababurnell, who had just entered the society, was "valued" by his boss from the beginning.

  But now Ababurnel doesn't want this kind of "respect" at all. Providing loans to the Spanish government is exciting just thinking about it.

  It's not that Ababurnel is underestimating himself, it's that Appel Commercial Bank's strength is limited. The "70 million" Aegis loan could not even get half of it even if Appel Commercial Bank drained it.

  Draining the funds is obviously impossible, and the Vienna government regulators are not idiots. Such foolish behavior, which could trigger a run crisis, would certainly lead to intervention.

  Not only did elaborating the risks to his superiors in person fail to work, the arduous task fell instead to Abarburnel.

  According to the boss's words: "The bold ones will be starved to death, and the timid ones will be starved to death." If one person can't take it on, then find someone to join forces to do it together.

  Originally, Ababurnel thought he was looking for someone to join forces, just to find a few colleagues to form a banking syndicate. If this is the case, although the risk is a bit higher, it is not impossible to do it if multiple banks share it.

  Ababurnel soon discovered that this was not the case. Appel Commercial Bank was not listed in the group of banks that lent money to the West, but the loan still existed.

  This means that the 70 million Aegis commercial loan they are undertaking now is not the same loan finalized by the Vienna government and the Spanish.

  High-risk international loans, with no government involvement and no powerful mainstream banks involved, Abarburnell highly doubted this was a joke.

  Reality told him that this was true. This loan does exist. The company that joined forces with Appel Commercial Bank is not a well-known big bank, but some small loan companies that I have never heard of.

  How can these shady guys come up with so much money? Ababurnell was very suspicious that his boss had been deceived.

  ...

  "Ababurnel, have you signed the contract with the Spanish?"

  Before he could even take a breath after entering the door, Ababurnel was greeted by his boss.

  It was intoxicating to think that such an important commercial loan would be handed over to a newcomer like him.

  According to internal bank staff, Ababurnell is the illegitimate son of the current president and boss. Otherwise, this kind of business with generous commissions would never be his turn.

  If it weren't for the huge difference in appearance, and if he was sure that he was his biological child, Ababurnel would also be suspicious.

  "Not yet, Mr. Adler. The Spaniards have put forward new conditions. They require that after the contract is signed, the loan amount in the first week cannot be less than 10%.

  This is a serious matter and I dare not make the decision without authorization. Just talk to the Spaniards We have agreed on a time to negotiate on this issue again tomorrow afternoon."

  Doubts remain doubts, and Abarburnel still respects his boss very much. Even though he suspected that the loan might have been approved by Adler when he was out of his mind, Abarburnel did not insist on his objection.

  Maybe there are unseen benefits here. In finance, dealing with various forces is always indispensable. Sometimes, it is completely normal to make a few losing trades for secret benefits.

  Adler frowned slightly and soon relaxed: "Well, you did a good job. This kind of thing is really not suitable for you to make decisions.

  Tell the Spaniards that the time for lending within a week is too tight. This Generating huge loans has never been so fast.

  In order to reduce risks, we must prevent the Spanish government from misusing loans, and supervision is inevitable. The

  bottom line is that the first batch of loans cannot exceed 3 million Aegis, and the weekly loan limit thereafter cannot exceed 500,000 Aegis.

  You can take care of the rest and strive for the interests of the bank as much as possible."

  Obviously, Adler's heart was not as calm as he appeared on the surface. Especially after hearing the Spanish request for a tenth of the loan in the first week, my heart beat faster.

  It's just that Adler concealed it too well, and Abbabnell respected him too much, so he didn't discover it in time.

  "Mr. Adler, the Spaniards have reached an agreement with the government and obtained a commercial loan of 70 million Aegis. Now we..."

  Before Abarburnel could finish speaking, Adler interrupted: "Ababarnel, you are still too young.

  Although the Philippine War is over, there are still hundreds of thousands of rebels on the island, waiting for the Spaniards to exterminate them; now the Cuban rebellion has broken out again, and there may still be another one in Morocco. misfortune.

  The convergence of so many problems is obviously the result of the intervention of international forces. I don't know if Spain can win the war, but I'm sure 70 million Aegis will not be enough.

  If it were not really short of money, the Spanish government would not borrow from us. Although the risk is a bit higher, the rewards are also generous enough!

  What's more, we are just taking the lead, and it is the small loan companies that really have to pay. Even if something goes wrong with the loan, our losses will be limited. "

  I felt like there was something wrong, but I didn't know where the problem was. The confused Abarburnel nodded habitually.

  After dismissing Abarburnel, Adler sighed deeply and secretly He lamented that "people's hearts are not as old as they used to be."

  At this time, he had to be thankful that he did not hand over the business to the old youtiao in the bank. A young man who had just left school could spot problems. If it had fallen into the hands of an old youtiao, he might want it now. Let’s go to the regulatory department for coffee.

  Don’t doubt everyone’s enthusiasm for reporting. According to the regulations of the Vienna government, if you successfully report serious violations of commercial loans, you will receive a minimum reward of not less than one-tenth of the total loan amount.

  Seven million Aegis is enough It makes anyone crazy. You must know that Appel Commercial Bank is not worth 7 million. How can you miss the opportunity to get rich instantly?

  Of course, Adler must be prepared. Even if he is reported, the loan will not be If you do it, there is still no problem in getting yourself out.

  It is true that the loan is illegal, but the violation is not in Appel Commercial Bank, but in the small loan company behind it.

  There is no connection between the two parties on the surface, even if it is true. Adler was only suspected but could not be convicted. The bank was not the police and had no obligation to trace the source of investors' funds. He

  picked up the phone and dialed the phone. Adler said coldly: "The Spanish You seem to have sensed something, and you must speed up now.

  I will sign a contract with the Spaniard as soon as possible. If the momentum is not right, then..."

  Before Adler could finish speaking, the other end of the phone interrupted: "Don't worry, Adler. I'm not a fool. The Vienna government's laws do not stipulate that investment companies cannot raise funds overseas.

  Even if the regulatory authorities find out, they can't convict us. This matter will not involve you. As long as the Spanish government does not breach the contract, the matter will not be complicated.

  The Spanish have just reached a loan of 70 million Aegis. Coupled with our loan, the Spanish government will not go bankrupt for a while no matter how extravagant it is.

  As long as we control the loan amount each time, even if the Spaniards discover our purpose, they will pretend to know nothing.

  Help us finish this job, and Appel Commercial Bank will be yours. Whether you make money and run away, or continue to operate, that is your business.

  Wealth is gained through risk. You don't dare to take such a risk, do you? "

  ...

  After the conversation ended, Rivera did not feel relaxed. For this big plan, he paid a big price. Not only did he take advantage of

  a lot of favors, he also used all the connections he could use, and he even made bets. His own wealth and life.

  It’s not that Rivera wants to take risks. In fact, the losses in the previous stock market crash were so heavy that he owed huge foreign debts.

  The capital market is cruel, and there are no friends when it comes to interests. If not When he was in debt, the first person to send him to heaven was his business friends.

  Rivera also tried his best to convince the creditor. In fact, it was not convincing. If you want to recover the debt, you must let Rivera Get rich first.

  It’s easy to go bankrupt, but hard to get rich. The ways to get rich quickly are all written in the criminal code, and Rivera can only choose one of them to implement. After

  much consideration, Rivera decided to "cheat". This is an ancestral skill. , the most proficient and masterful trick.

  With the help of previous connections and creditors, Rivera quickly found a group of like-minded people.

  Not only did he set up a handbag investment company, a small loan company, he even acquired He opened an Appel commercial bank that was on the verge of bankruptcy.

  Originally, Rivera was planning to find the Russians. After all, the tsarist government was corrupt enough and could successfully carry out the plan by bribing a few officials to cooperate.

  Unfortunately, the Russians had a bad reputation. You can't fool investors.

  As the economic crisis continued and small European countries continued to go bankrupt, Rivera was about to despair. It happened that the Spaniards appeared at this time. Needless to

  say, we must seize it!

  According to the plan, First sign a contract with the Spanish government with generous returns, and then go out with the contract to deceive investors.

  The benefits are shared, and there is no need to worry about the Spanish government not cooperating. Anyway, once there is a thunderstorm, the lending financial company will go bankrupt and run away.

  Regardless of the loan interest How high it is, how harsh the conditions are. Anyway, the creditors have run away, so there is no need to repay them.

  ...

  Throughout April, the Vienna government newspapers were covered by two things. One was the National Day military parade, and the other was two "Seven-year-old" Aegis loan of tens of millions.

  The little-known Appel Commercial Bank has also become famous at this moment, and is likely to become a new star in the banking industry of the Holy Roman Empire.

  For commercial banks, being famous is a good thing, which means that there will be More business comes to your door; it is also a troublesome thing and can easily attract the attention of regulatory authorities.

  However, Appel Commercial Bank and the Spanish government are cross-border loans, and the procedures are legal on the surface, but the interest is a little higher.

  This is Commercial banks have freedom of operation and they are not afraid of risks, so what else is there to say?

  As long as it is within the range of the lending leverage ratio stipulated by the state and does not cause tight bank cash flow or create obvious credit risks, the regulatory authorities will not intervene.

  Along with the banks, there are also investment companies that have become famous. At this moment, the salesmen are holding the signed contracts and holding investment seminars everywhere.

  As for the promise to Adler, it is only to raise funds overseas and not to cause trouble at home. That is a joke.

  If the promises of liars could be believed, there would be no deception in this world.

  ...

  "The biggest opportunity to make a fortune in this century is here!"

  "Applause for understanding."

  ...

  "Let's do a calculation together. According to the contract signed with the Spanish government, the handling fee is 12%, then:

  7000*( 1-12%) = 61.6 million.

  Calculated based on the interest rate of 11.2% per year. The principal and interest are repaid in 30 years. We can deduct the first batch:

  67.48*12=8.7724 million

  61.60-877.24=52.8276 million

  , which means a loan of 70 million. The actual amount we need to pay is 52.8276 million, and the actual interest rate has reached 16.6%."

  "Is this all?"

  "No, we can also formulate the direction of use of the loan. For example: specify the products of certain domestic enterprises later. As long as it does not exceed the market price, the Spanish government cannot refuse.

  This means that we still have an intermediary fee to earn, 10% for civilian supplies and 30% for weapons and ammunition. Isn’t that excessive?" "

  Comprehensive Calculate 20%, 5286.76*0.2=10.56552 million, round up the fractions, the intermediary fee is 10.56 million." "

  At this point, we have actually paid back nearly 3/7 of the 70 million Aegis loan. Investment The rate of return has increased to..."

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1050. Chapter 1030 Military Parade-69 Book Bar
2020-11-03 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1030 Military Parade

  I have to admit that Rivera chose a good time. The Vienna government was busy organizing the military parade, and the addition of several investment companies did not attract anyone's attention at all.

  It's not like similar financing has never happened before, but it's usually done by listed companies. As long as there are no problems with the project, approval will not be stuck.

  As a professional financier, Rivera happens to be an expert here. There are of course formalities, but it's just that the sheep's head is being sold as dog meat.

  Even the 70 million contract was carefully prepared. The purpose is to bump into the loan contracts previously signed between Spain and domestic commercial banks.

  Although newspapers in Vienna reported it, the information transmission was inconvenient these days, and it was impossible for newspapers in Vienna to spread it to the whole world.

  Therefore, the financing meeting in Vienna will be held according to normal procedures. A direct showdown of risks and returns, whether you like investing or not.

  The real people who make money are from the outside. Moscow in the east, Stockholm in the north, London in the west, and even North America as far away as overseas are all targets of Rivera.

  Such a huge scam cannot be carried out by Rivera alone, so it is necessary to divide the money.

  The Rivera Project would not be possible without the help of fellow Jews around the world. Of course, most people still don't know that they are participating in a scam.

  Many people thought this was an epoch-making business model, and many Jewish capitalists who participated in it also took shares.

  According to Rivera's business blueprint, the money they raise will definitely exceed Spanish loans, and the excess money will still have to be used for continued investment.

  You must know that now is the final stage of the economic crisis, when all assets are at their cheapest, and it is the best time to buy at the bottom.

  As long as you survive the most difficult period, you will make a lot of money later. It's just that this kind of thing can only be done by big consortiums and big capitalists.

  Ordinary people are limited by funds and cannot accurately grasp the time of bargain hunting and participate in advance. They will be exhausted before the crisis is over.

  But it's different when everyone unites. Thousands of middle class and petty bourgeoisie unite, and the wealth they possess is definitely no worse than any financial group.

  With so much cash flow, you can definitely get a piece of the bargain-hunting game. As investors, they are shareholders of the new consortium.

  It just so happens that the economic crisis has just passed, and people's panic has not had time to dissipate, so they dare not make investments.

  When you deposit money in a bank, there is no interest on current deposits, and there are also fund management fees. Although there is a small amount of interest on regular deposits, they are truly regular deposits, and you cannot withdraw them in advance.

  Leaving a large amount of cash at home poses security risks, and rich people are also worried.

  Everyone has an idea in their mind: It would be great if there was an investment channel that could obtain stable and generous returns.

  Scams that use demand setting are popular in the 21st century, but they were even more difficult to resist in the 19th century.

  Everyone knows that Spain is in financial difficulty and will not borrow foreign debt if it is not in difficulty. But if we say that the Spanish government will go bankrupt, many people will jump out to refute it.

  Regardless of how it declined, in the eyes of ordinary people, Spain is still the fourth largest power in the world after the three major powers of Britain, Russia and the Holy Ra.

  Not only does it still have fertile colonies, but it also has the wealth accumulated by the colonial empire for hundreds of years. As long as you take a breath now, things will get better in the future.

  Besides, wouldn't there be collateral after bankruptcy?

  Let's replace the positions and borrow a few terms from the loan contract signed by major commercial banks in Spain and Shinra, guaranteed by the Vienna government, and the risk is suddenly reduced.

  How can ordinary people who don't know the inside story tell the truth from the lies? Even if someone discovers a problem, the people around him will help him solve it.

  "If the number of people exceeds 10,000, the IQ will be halved."

  Of course, the number of people attending each seminar will not exceed 10,000. But a good story can also help bring wisdom.

  Even if all the people attending the meeting are highly intelligent people, you can still arrange to drag a few in. As long as someone takes the lead and invests money in it, the people behind will not be far away from being fooled.

  It’s not like you have to wait 30 years to get your money back. After you invest, you will see results next month. Even if they are skeptical, many people still make a tentative investment.

  No one knows whether you can hold it in after seeing the benefits. Anyway, the scam has just begun, is it still too early to close the network?

  Not to mention ordinary people, even Rivera himself is now immersed in the beautiful and carefully crafted stories.

  Theoretically, as long as the Spanish government does not suffer a thunderstorm and the investment company's cash flow does not break, this scam can continue for a long time.

  First, take the investment from the front investors and lend it to the Spanish government; then take the investment from the back investors and distribute interest dividends to the front investors.

  Excess funds can also be invested. Anyway, there will definitely be plenty of funds in the early stage, so you can make big purchases.

  If the economy recovers quickly enough, the low-priced assets bought now will soon increase in value.

  As long as you make money quickly enough, interest dividends are not a problem. At the worst possible outcome, investors’ interest dividends will be gradually reduced in the later period, thereby reducing the risk of the capital chain breaking.

  As long as the plan works, then Rivera is not a liar, but a great entrepreneur. Become a master in the field of capital operation for future generations to admire and worship.

  Play a capital scam in the way of running a business. Rivera burst out with entrepreneurial enthusiasm and looked like a successful person wherever he went.

  Not only were investors deceived, but company employees were also deceived to the point where they couldn’t tell the difference between east, west and north. Many people emptied their fortunes and joined this road to wealth.

  When looking at "employee stock ownership" when investing, you are typically confident. We must increase investment, otherwise we will have nothing but soup.

  Starting from the second half of 1895, Mr. Rivera, the great mentor of capital operations, began his global "lecture tour".

  Not only is it deceiving investors, but it is also recruiting talents from all walks of life to prepare for a big fight.

  So much so that Adler, as an insider, was in deep self-doubt. He is clearly an entrepreneur, so what kind of liar is he?

  ...

  The game of capital continues, and the military parade for the third anniversary of the Holy Roman Empire has begun. Franz rode on a tall white horse and led a group of people to review the entire army.

  Wave, it doesn’t exist. With his riding skills, if he took his hands off the reins, something might happen.

  What's more, he is the emperor, so he doesn't need to be close to the people during the military parade, as long as he maintains his majesty, it is enough.

  In fact, Franz would rather sit in his epoch-making car to review the troops than to parade on horseback.

  However, the Holy Roman Empire had a tradition of knights, and the Habsburg dynasty was the leader among them. In order to show his martial spirit, Franz had to choose to parade on horseback.

  An emperor who is over sixty years old can still ride a war horse to review the troops. What else is there to say?

  Regardless of the senior government officials, they were all collectively absent. It’s not that I don’t want to go shopping, it’s just that my body really can’t stand the torment.

  Franz, who was 65 years old, could ride a horse in a military parade, and even senior cabinet officials in their 70s and 80s could also ride a horse in a military parade.

  If something unexpected happens, the serious military parade will turn into a farce. This was something Franz could never tolerate, and he directly ordered the high-collar officials to rest backstage.

  The senior cabinet officials could only watch, and naturally other government officials could only follow and watch the fun. There is no other reason than that my status is not high enough.

  So much so that the military parade in 1895 became a special event for military generals. In addition to the royal family members, they were followed by generals and marshals.

  After a round of inspection, he dragged his slightly tired body back to the tower. Franz said slowly: "Let's begin!"

  The salute sounded, and the national flag guard holding the double eagle flag took the lead in starting the performance.

  Taking neat steps, every movement is accurate to the centimeter. From the side, there is just a line. The soldiers on the field all look solemn, high-spirited and high-spirited.

  The flag-raising ceremony began, accompanied by bursts of the national anthem. Except for the emperor and the queen who were still seated peacefully, everyone else had stood up and watched the national flag rising slowly.

  Frankly speaking, Franz didn't like to play with these rituals, but he had to admit that these rituals were indeed necessary.

  After scanning the whole place, everyone looked solemn and stared at the national flag being slowly raised. At this time, he was probably the only one looking left and right, the emperor.

  You must know that the camera is on. If an indecent scene is captured, it will be an eternal stain.

  Of course, this does not include Franz. As a successful old emperor, there will be someone to help interpret any move.

  When others looked around, they were "looking here and there, left and right"; when the emperor looked around, he was reviewing the whole place.

  After the national flag was raised, the troops under review formed a square formation and walked towards the Vienna Palace Square. Fortunately, when Franz expanded the palace, he also expanded the square, otherwise there would be no grand military parade.

  Looking around, I saw a phalanx marching in neat steps, with heads held high and high spirits.

  The first one to come was the honor guard of the three services, followed closely by the army formation, navy formation, air force formation, and national army formation...

  Then came the majestic armor formation, tank formation and artillery formation. Square team. It seems that he is born with domineering power, which can be intimidating even from a distance.

  The last thing flying through the sky is the stunning aerial echelon. As representatives of the Air Force, although these fighters debuted late, they ended quickly.

  Airships have withdrawn from the core of the Air Force, and now the Air Force's combat capabilities have become aircraft. In line with the meaning of perfection, one hundred fighter planes are the assets provided by the Air Force this time.

  Unfortunately, the flight speed was too fast. I made three big circles around the square. It only took a few minutes. I didn't understand much before I returned home.

  As for the flying stunts, just think about it. Franz has not lived enough and is not ready to die. Although the Air Force repeatedly stated that there was no problem, the cautious emperor restrained their desire to perform.

  In fact, Franz had already mustered up the courage to let the plane fly overhead. There is no way, there are too many aviation accidents these days.

  Take the Holy Roman Empire Air Force as an example. If there are not a few flight accidents in any year, Franz will lose.

  Putting safety first, Franz never travels by plane. At the same time, any aircraft is prohibited from flying above his head.

  This ban is obviously unnecessary. No fool dares to fly over the emperor's head. It means disrespecting the emperor and is a serious crime.

  The same goes for military parades. The aircraft participating in the performance are all far away from His Majesty the Great Emperor. Afraid of being misunderstood, he stood on top of the emperor's head.

  ...

  (End of chapter)

