Close
Holy Roman Empire-1051.Chapter 1031 Unscrupulous Thoughts and Pay-69 Book Bar
2020-11-02 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1031 Unscrupulous Thoughts and Paying Judging

  From the warm atmosphere at the scene, Franz knew that this epoch-making military parade was a success.

  As for whether some of the shocking scenes will cause spiritual discomfort to some of the audience, that is none of Franz's business.

  Celebrations are meant to be lively. Only more than 10,000 people participated in the military parade. Compared with the huge armed force of the entire Holy Roman Empire, it was less than one percent, which proved that Franz had exercised great restraint.

  If you really want to cause trouble, organize tens of thousands of people to conduct a confrontation exercise with actual troops, and the deterrent effect will be even greater.

  But that's enough. Before modern times, large-scale wars rarely occurred on the European continent.

  Many of the impressive battles recorded in historical records were mostly exaggerated. Maybe it wasn't the ancients who were bragging, they were just writing history in a bragging way.

  For example: In the "History" written by Herodotus, it was recorded that three hundred Greek soldiers defeated 5,283,220 Persian troops.

  There's nothing wrong with it, that's how it was recorded, three hundred people defeated more than five million people.

  As for how the war was fought and how it unfolded, it is all briefly mentioned, and the whole story is about the bravery of Greek soldiers.

  Three hundred Spartans are obviously not enough. If they were all replaced by Saints, the beheading operation might not work.

  As a fellow Roman historian, Appian recorded in "History of Rome": "Caesar attacked Gaul and destroyed 4 million Gaulish troops."

  Caesar himself wrote the book "Gaul Wars" , claimed: "Defeated 430,000 Gallic troops, and no one in Rome died in battle."

  What is the specific record? It's so old that Franz can't find out. The only thing that is certain is that there were absolutely no four million Gauls at that time.

  Of course, these are beyond comparison in the history of Indians.

  "Makbharata" records: The number of people killed by the royal family in the First World War exceeded 1.6 billion. How many ordinary people died in the battle? Franz couldn't remember it anyway.

  It really echoes the saying: "As big as the heart is, the world is as big as it is."

  Compared with the achievements of the ancients, the Prussian-Russian War and the Anti-French War were all weak.

  There is nothing wrong with the bragging way of writing. Perhaps the ancients were originally writing novels and were mistaken by later generations for history.

  But no one who looks at history dares to take it seriously. In fact, limited by the primitive economic model, most ancient European wars stayed at the level of hundreds or thousands.

  Using tens of thousands of people to fight is a proper big battle. So this military exercise involving tens of thousands of people is scary enough.

  After all, the highest-level battles that many small countries have participated in since their birth have only involved tens of thousands of people.

  Even the ministers from Britain and Russia, who were the great powers, looked unnatural when they left. Whether it was a deliberate show-off or a genuine expression of emotion, no one knows.

  In short, this military parade of the Holy Roman Empire was a hit. The video captured by the camera has now been edited into a movie and is on its way to various parts of the world.

  In this era of lack of entertainment materials, it is rare to have such a real-life documentary, and of course it must be given to people all over the world to enjoy.

  ...

  How much influence it has in the world, I can't tell yet. Anyway, the arsenal of the Holy Roman Empire has been very busy recently.

  Aircraft, tank armor, and artillery suddenly became best-sellers in the international arms market, and demand exceeded supply.

  What Franz never expected was that the largest arms purchase order actually came from rival Britain.

  Thinking about it carefully, there seems to be nothing wrong with it. The economic crisis is coming to an end, and the financial situation of governments of various countries has not been completely reversed. The only ones with the deepest pockets are the British.

  Whether you buy it to support the scene or throw it into the laboratory to disassemble it for research, you must buy it first.

  There are many military-industrial companies in Britain, and there are also many companies interested in researching these equipment. Each family was given a few samples, and the total amount was over a hundred.

  Compared with the cost of a battleship, which costs millions of pounds, and aircraft and tanks, which sell for tens of thousands, they are nothing.

  ...

  The Spanish Embassy, ​​​​Junior, who has not yet left, is currently deep in thought. The first batch of loans has been obtained. If you have money in your pocket, you will naturally consider spending it.

  Seeing various countries snatching up planes and tanks, Junior was also very greedy. The accompanying military representatives were nagging in his ears every day.

  Greed is greed, but Junior is a rational person. He will not blindly be influenced by the outside world and make random decisions.

  Although aircraft and tanks are good, are these really what the Spanish army needs now?

  That’s it for airplanes. They fly in the sky anyway. They have a very wide range of uses and are rarely limited by terrain.

  Tank armor is different. It is king in plain areas. Once it enters mountains and hills, it turns into bronze in an instant.

  Spain is no longer the awesome empire that the sun never sets on. All the money in the hands of the government is borrowed from outside, and it will have to be repaid in the future.

  If we don't save some money, it will be a tragedy if the money is spent and the rebellion is not suppressed.

  Junior doesn't think that the Vienna government's money is really easy to get, and you can still ask for it after it's all spent.

  Even if you are someone's little brother, you still have to show your own value. The Vienna government's purpose of supporting Spain is obvious to everyone at a glance, which is to act as a pawn to suppress France.

  The prerequisite for support is that Spain can support it, and it must also have a certain military strength.

  If its military strength never improves, what is the difference between Spain and small countries such as Belgium, Switzerland, and Sardinia?

  It is not even comparable to these small countries, let alone Sardinia. Although Belgium and Switzerland are small, their military combat effectiveness is really not bad.

  The combined population of the two countries is almost 30% of France's. During the anti-French war, another piece of flesh was bitten off from France.

  Once the two countries develop, it will not be a dream for their national strength to reach one-third of France's. After all, France has been suppressed by the European Union and it is simply impossible to develop freely.

  Theoretically speaking, as long as Spain performs well and threatens France from behind, plus several Italian countries to cheer on. So even if France is revived, it will be suppressed by its neighbors.

  Without this troublemaker to cause trouble, the Holy Roman Empire could be free to challenge the British maritime hegemony.

  This is a conspiracy. Knowing that the support of the Vienna government has ulterior motives, the Spanish government still has no choice and even takes the initiative to join in.

  For no other reason than Spain also wanted to revive. However, resources and space are limited. A hegemon has emerged on the European continent, and the small land of Western Europe cannot accommodate two small regional powers.

  Whether it is because of hatred or interest, Spain is bound to confront France. After the European War, Spain became the vanguard in suppressing France.

  Even as rebellion broke out in the colonies, Spain still had an "elite" force stationed in France. The Spanish government would rather recruit mercenaries than use this force, which is enough to illustrate the problem.

  Junior: "What's going on with the Jews? Can follow-up loans be guaranteed?"

  No matter what kind of strategic plan, in the final analysis, it still depends on "money." In order to get more money, Junior no longer cares about moral integrity.

  Even though he knew that there might be problems with Jewish loans, Junior was still happy to pretend to be confused for the sake of SHIELD.

  Regardless of whether there is a problem with the source of Jewish loan funds, or whether there is a conspiracy among Jewish capital, it has nothing to do with Spain as the borrower.

  What Junior signed was an ordinary commercial loan contract, and the bank's source of funds had nothing to do with him.

  Even if something happens in the future, it won't be tied to him. There is no legal requirement in the world that the borrower is responsible for the source of the bank's funds.

  Minister Bullard: "The Jews are raising money everywhere with the contracts they signed with us. I secretly sent people to attend their seminar in Vienna, and the situation is not very optimistic.

  The market has high hopes for our repayment ability. Doubtful. If it were not supported by high returns, I am afraid there would be no investors participating at all.

  Of course, the speeches of those Jews were indeed good. Even if investors were hesitant, many people still made a tentative investment.

  In theory , He said that as long as they don't donate money and run away, there should be no problems with subsequent loans. After all, there are too many people with money but no place to invest, and there will always be a few bold ones."

  "Repudiation"?

  No!

  Although the loan interest is a little high, the Spanish government will not default on the loan as long as it is able to repay it.

  National reputation is very valuable, and no government will deliberately default on its debts unless it is forced to do so.

  "Then send someone to watch in secret and don't take any action for the time being. As long as the monthly loan can be transferred on time, we will cooperate with them first."

  Junior hopes that there will be a problem with the creditor, but it will definitely not happen now. It would be best to wait until they take out all the loans before a thunderstorm occurs.

  Deep down in his heart, Junior still had an unscrupulous idea, that is: first collect the evidence on the Jews, and after getting all the loans, he would report them back and force these guys to run away.

  Of course, this kind of thing is also very risky. Once word spreads, the reputation of the Spanish government will be so bad that no bank will dare to cooperate with them again.

  "The world is as dark as crows" is not a joke. Few banks these days are completely clean.

  The only difference lies in the size of the problem. Once exposed to the sun, most banks will be unable to survive.

  Minister Brad nodded: "No problem, I will send people to keep an eye on them for a long time and they will not cause trouble."

  After a pause, Minister Brad asked: "Your Excellency, have you thought about the arms purchase issue? ?”

  Whether it is suppressing the indigenous rebels in the Philippines or suppressing the Cuban independence movement, arms are indispensable.

  Spain's industrialization is only halfway through, and its military production capacity can only be said to be "capable of manufacturing." Theoretically, Spain can build its own aircraft, artillery, tanks and warships.

  Being able to create does not mean being able to use it. These are two different concepts. Not to mention high-end goods such as aircraft, artillery, tanks and warships, it even has some ammunition production capabilities.

  Not only is the production capacity insufficient, but more importantly, the cost is high. Our own production costs are almost the same as the prices on the international arms market, but the quality cannot keep up.

  In order to change all this, the Spanish government has also made efforts.

  After the anti-French war, France was prohibited from engaging in military production due to the restrictions of the Treaty of Vienna.

  The machinery and equipment used to produce weapons were directly confiscated by the Anti-French Alliance and became everyone's trophies. They were either dismantled by various countries or put on fireworks displays on site.

  What is unexpected is that these seemingly valuable mechanical equipment are actually useless.

  Countries that have the ability to use these equipment have already completed industrialization and have their own industrial system, so they do not need these things at all.

  Countries that need these equipment are limited by their industrial base and talent. Even if they get the machinery and equipment, they cannot use it.

  As a member of the victorious countries, Spain also dismantled equipment from France. However, it lacked supporting industrial systems and industrial workers, and was unable to put into industrial production at all.

  Clearly, Spanish government bureaucrats are not the ones to solve the problem. So much so that these machinery and equipment are now lying in warehouses waiting to rust.

  The production line couldn't start up, and the ammunition was missing every round, so that the Spanish army's legal equipment quickly became fire sticks.

  Just when the Spanish government was considering whether to spend a lot of money to start the production line after returning from France, the Vienna government's weapons and equipment assistance also arrived.

  Don't give away free things. Under the law of true fragrance, the Spanish army quickly abandoned the magical equipment and replaced it with arcane equipment that performed better on the battlefield.

  It turns out that there is never a free lunch in this world. You took advantage in the early stage, now it’s time to pay the bill.

  With the end of the Japanese-Spanish War, the era of free arms and ammunition assistance also ended. In order to meet the needs of the war, the Spanish government had to purchase ammunition from the Holy Roman Empire.

  Junior: "We have limited funds, so we can only save some money. When purchasing ordinary weapons, armor and ammunition, just follow the list prepared in advance.

  We only purchase twenty bombers for the time being, and armored tanks are of little use. , These things are not needed to deal with the rebels."

  When the Foreign Minister was asked to decide on arms procurement, Junior had nothing to say. Is this out of "trust" or out of "trust"?

  There is no other way. What Spanish bureaucrats are best at is reaping benefits. The people below are also not professionals, including the military representatives, who all have civilian backgrounds.

  Since everyone is a layman, it is better to let the responsible layman do the work. At least Junior, as foreign minister, would not be so short-sighted as to take kickbacks from it.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1052. Chapter 1032 Subsequent Impact-69 Book Bar
2020-11-03 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1032 Subsequent Impact

  The customer is God, regardless of whether the weapons they buy are suitable or not, that is their freedom.

  As the saying goes, "Money can't buy my happiness." On this issue, Shinra's military industry companies are very clear-headed and never force customers to buy products they don't like.

  Technical blockade and export restrictions do not exist. This is the 19th century. Even if all the weapons construction drawings are packaged and given away, few countries can copy them.

  It's even more difficult to reverse technology with weapons. It is estimated that only the British can do it. Even if other countries have introduced the technology, they will not be able to mass-produce it for a while.

  So the question is, what can the British do with a bunch of army equipment?

  You can't do it just to compete with Shinra for the arms market, right?

  You know, this year is in a great era of weapons upgrading. It is still an advanced technology today, but it may be obsolete tomorrow.

  If you want to stay ahead, you must continue to invest. With the current situation in the international arms market, no matter how hard we work, we cannot afford to support a few gold-eating beasts in peacetime.

  The HRE's military industrial enterprises can continue to invest because the Holy Roman Empire itself is the world's largest arms buyer. Its own military expenditure alone accounts for more than one-third of the total global military expenditure.

  The British military expenditure is indeed not low, but that will only happen if the London government is willing to spend money on the army. Unfortunately, this is not possible.

  In order to maintain the superiority of the Royal Navy, the British government has worked hard enough. If it engages in an army arms race with Shinra, it will definitely not die quickly enough.

  As for the Air Force, it is just a little brother these days. No matter how much Franz valued it, the air force was still far behind the navy and army.

  This is true for HRE, not to mention other countries. For many countries, the symbolic significance of flying a few planes back is far greater than the practical significance.

  Although the Air Force showed good combat effectiveness in the anti-French war, the lethality of the aircraft was mainly directed at airships, and the threat to ground forces was limited.

  In the eyes of many people, the greatest strategic significance of aircraft is not for bombing, but for detecting the enemy's situation and demoralizing the enemy's ground troops.

  If you want to change this, unless engine technology breaks through again to increase the load capacity of the aircraft. Only by being able to drop more and bigger bombs from the sky can we truly have the significance of strategic bombing.

  Of course, if there is a breakthrough in engine technology, not only aircraft will benefit, but tanks and armored vehicles on the ground will also benefit. Even the internal combustion engine industry will usher in new development opportunities.

  For Shinra, this is a project that benefits many parties for one dollar. If it were put on the British, it would only benefit the aircraft, and at most the automobile industry.

  There is no other way. The British capitalists are used to making money lying around, and they are unwilling to let go of the steam engine.

  Britain was originally the leader in the industrial world, but after the outbreak of the second industrial revolution, it quickly began to fall behind.

  Whether it is technological research and development and innovation, or the application and promotion of new technologies, the British are lagging behind.

  One step behind, every step behind. If you try hard to catch up, that's all. If you stay stuck and wait, then as time goes by, the gap will only get bigger and bigger.

  Well, you can't blame the British government. The British Isles are just such a big place, with a population of only over 30 million. Even if you want to rush forward, the ceiling has locked the upper limit.

  Being able to surpass all other countries in the world and become a maritime hegemon despite limited congenital conditions is already very remarkable.

  ...

  London, in the Prime Minister's residence in Downing Street, Robert Cecil was watching a "movie" with senior government officials.

  Although it is a silent movie and the picture is not clear enough, the content of the movie still shocked everyone.

  As the documentary ended, Prime Minister Robert Cecil asked: "What do you think of the performance of the Austrian army?" "It

  seems to be well-trained and very powerful. However, the navy is different from the army. The navy pays more attention to technology. The bravery of an ordinary man cannot make him powerful, and these cannot reflect the combat effectiveness of the navy. "

  Navy Minister Flora replied indifferently.

  Of all the people present, he was the least stressed. The advantages accumulated by the Royal Navy over a century cannot be caught up by competitors overnight.

  Unless the Vienna government desperately blows up the navy and relies on numbers to build it up. Obviously, this is completely impossible for a land-based country.

  It can be seen from the military expenditure of the Holy Roman Empire that the Army is first, the Navy is second, the Air Force is third, and it is a mess.

  Although the Holy Roman Empire's military expenditure is already the largest in the world, the military expenditure allocated to the navy is far less than that of the Royal Navy.

  It has no advantage in technical experience and is reluctant to spend money. It is simply unrealistic to rely on limited military expenditures to surpass the Royal Navy.

  "Your navy has so much military expenditure every year, so you don't have to worry about it. Our army is in a miserable state. We have to eat bran every day and can't even get a cup of coffee. Judging

  from the content in the video, I very much doubt that we Are we living in the same era as the Austrians?

  Unfortunately, the reality is very cruel and tells me: Yes!

  There is no need to doubt it now. I can directly conclude that the army and the Austrians are more than one era apart.

  If we do not increase military investment, If we meet on the battlefield one day, we will not perform better than the defeated French."

  It is a century-old tradition of the British Army to not miss any opportunity to ask for military expenses. As a child whose "grandma doesn't care and uncle doesn't love", if he doesn't learn to cry, he will really starve to death.

  Clearly, Skyebrew was a qualified War Secretary. Appropriate use of rhetorical techniques emphasizes the strength gap between the two sides.

  If you are a passionate young man, you may have already thought of ways to raise money for the Army by now.

  It's a pity that those present are all political veterans. The British Army has failed to keep up with the times, not once or twice. After more experience, everyone gradually got used to it.

  Every improvement made by the British Army was forced by external pressure. Generally speaking, it was when it was severely beaten by society.

  For example: the First Near East War and the South African War. After the defeat, the British Army achieved a short golden period of development.

  When politicians emerged from the shadow of failure, they immediately changed their faces. I would rather waste money on the Navy than spend an extra penny on the Army.

  Against this backdrop, Skyebrough naturally wanted to turn the tables quickly. While everyone is still immersed in the movie and has not come back to their senses, the result is finalized in advance to create an established fact.

  Foreign Secretary Cameron: "Don't worry, Sir. We have bought back the samples, and we will be able to achieve local production in a short time.

  But the Austrians have really bad hands. They sell a hundred aircraft and five hundred tanks and armored vehicles." .Except

  for a small amount that is needed for companies to research technology, the rest will be equipped to the army. We have all the pilots, tank divisions, and armored divisions you want."

  Relying on the help of competitors to increase the establishment, no one dares to believe it. But it all really happened.

  As an old-school industrial power, Britain's technology is not bad. Although it fell behind in the second industrial revolution, British companies are still able to manufacture these equipment.

  However, this requires a lot of research and development time and a large amount of investment.

  The problem is that everyone knows that the British Army is poor. It can manufacture tens of thousands of aircraft and tanks. Even if these equipments are produced, it is impossible for the Army to purchase them in large quantities.

  If the Army does not purchase them, the colonial armies will be even less able to afford them. There is no domestic market, and it faces international competition from Shinra, making it equally difficult to secure orders.

  After spending a lot of money to develop the product, the final sales volume was only three digits. Maybe even the research and development costs will not be recovered.

  Capital pursues profits, and without sufficient profits, British military industrial enterprises naturally lack motivation. Although relevant technical research is also being carried out, the intensity of investment is completely incomparable.

  But from a national level, Britain cannot live without these advanced equipment. Even if it may not be used on the battlefield, it must be available.

  This is related to the face of the Empire on which the sun never sets. As a world hegemon, any weapon that can support the scene and shock people's hearts must be available.

  Not only do you have to have it, you also have to be able to create it yourself. If companies are unwilling to engage in it, the government must create conditions for them and help them achieve technological breakthroughs.

  After all, the small life of military industrial enterprises in peacetime is very ordinary. They must strictly control costs in order to maintain profitability.

  If it were not for the government's request, it is estimated that many military industrial companies would have cut off their army equipment R&D and production departments.

  Congress is keeping a close eye and cannot grant large orders. However, it is still possible to provide sample models and allow companies to reverse-engineer technologies and help them save R&D costs.

  This is why the British government immediately placed an order after discovering that the Vienna government was conducting an arms sale.

  Although the price seems a bit expensive, considering the technical premium, it is actually very cost-effective.

  Flying divisions, tank divisions, and armored divisions are what the Army dreams of, but Skyebrough is not happy. There is no other way. The key issue still comes back to military spending.

  Technical arms are not as cheap as infantry. Taken together, these pilot divisions, tank divisions, and armored divisions are estimated to have lost less than half of the army's military expenditure.

  If there is no increase in financial allocations, how will other troops live?

  Just as Skyebrough was thinking about how to persuade everyone to increase military spending, Prime Minister Robert Cecil gave him another shot.

  "After adding the pilot division and the previous airship force, our air power has greatly increased. It would be inappropriate to continue to stay in the army.

  On this issue, we can learn from the successful experience of the Holy Roman Empire and set up a separate A new military branch manages these air forces."

  Upon hearing this bad news, Skyebrew's expression immediately changed.

  Replacing airship troops with armored troops seems to be about the same. In fact, the benefits hidden behind this are huge.

  The army is already weak. If another air force comes out to grab resources, Skyebrough doesn't know how to live in the future.

  After all, the Royal Navy is too powerful, and the flying force has become an independent army and has no ability to compete with them for military spending. The only thing that can be grabbed is the Army's share of military spending.

  Coupled with the fact that Britain has always had a good tradition of suppressing the army, Skyebro instantly felt that "the future is not bright".

  It's not that Skyebrew, who was a civilian, really has deep feelings for the Army. The problem is that he is now the Minister of the Army.

  If you can't fight for the rights and interests of the army, how can you get the support of the military?

  A minister of war without the support of the military is destined to be unstable. It is estimated that the day the Air Force was established was the time for him to resign and leave.

  Skyebrough looked at Prime Minister Robert Cecil resentfully, as if to say: We are political allies, can you cheat your teammates like this?

  Perhaps realizing that the food appearance was a bit ugly and not conducive to the unity of the leadership team, Prime Minister Robert Cecil immediately added: "Considering the actual situation, the establishment of the Air Force directly in one leap is too abrupt, and I am afraid many people will not be able to accept it.

  Short For the time being, the Air Force will still be subordinate to the Army Department. However, the flying force must establish independent leadership to prepare for future split."

  This addition made Skye Blue's expression soften slightly, but the dissatisfaction was still on his face. It is clear that the Prime Minister has made up his mind to break up the Army.

  It can be seen from the calm expressions on the faces of everyone present that they have obviously communicated this matter in advance, and only Skyebrough, the Minister of War, is the last to know.

  "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, this is too obvious. If an independent leadership team is formed, everyone knows that the government will split the army. The

  Air Force of the Holy Roman Empire is based on aircraft. Not all airship units are included in the Air Force, and quite a few of them are Most of the airships have remained in the army.

  As the country with the most experience in using air power, the Holy Roman Empire must have their reasons for doing this.

  Since we want to learn from their successful experience, we must learn it comprehensively, not just learn from it. Just fur.

  The newly purchased aircraft will be directly integrated into a pilot division and classified as a force directly under the Ministry of War. It will neither arouse suspicion from the outside world nor affect future splitting work." If you can't

  hold your arms over your thighs, you can't accept the reality. , What Skyebrough can do now is to fight for the rights and interests of the Army as much as possible.

  If it were in Congress or in public, Skyebrough would definitely have to fight for his reasons. But in a high-level meeting with only a few people in attendance, there's no need to go on a show.

  Big shots have the bearing of big shots, and they often get into red-faced quarrels, which are mostly for outsiders to see.

  They were from the same political party and were originally political allies. If they were constantly arguing with each other and slamming the table, then this group would no longer be able to continue playing.

  In fact, since Franz took the lead in establishing the army, navy and air force, many countries followed. There are also voices within the British government that support following suit.

  As a smart man, Skyebrew could see the benefits of independence at a glance. But as the Minister of War, he did not want this to happen during his term.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1053. Chapter 1033 "Entrepreneur" VS "Moth"-69 Book Bar
2020-11-03 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1033 "Entrepreneur" VS "Moth"

  failed to disrupt the rhythm of the British. Franz was not disappointed. This was expected.

  If the British follow suit after provoking them, it would not be John Bull. It's almost the same after changing to the navy. No matter how exciting the army's equipment is, the British will not be blind.

  Just like the exam. If you are a bad student and are always at the bottom, no matter whether you are the first to score 90 points or 100 points, you will not feel much.

  On the other hand, if you are a top student and dominate the rankings all year round, and suddenly someone jumps in front of you, even if you are only half a point ahead, you will want to come back.

  The current situation is obvious. The British are scumbags in the army and top academics in the navy.

  No matter how shocking Franz's military parade was, it was the performance of the army. No matter how much it was provoked, the British government would not have the brains to start an army arms race with the Holy Roman Empire.

  Not only did the British not have that idea, but no country in the world had the courage to engage in an army arms race with the Holy Roman Empire at this time.

  From the moment France declined, global army armies experienced a cliff-like differentiation.

  The Holy Roman Empire stood out, far ahead, and the pursuers behind could not even be seen.

  Competitor?

  Unless the British change their national policy and fully develop the army, Franz may feel a little pressure. As for other countries, every one of them is a scumbag.

  Just look at the Russians, who are ranked second, and you will know that all the arcane equipment is exactly what the Shinra Army is equipped with, and they will be equipped with it in a few years.

  The tsarist government's bureaucrats were very experienced in this regard. Every time the Russian army changed its equipment, it was in time for the Austrian army's weapons to be retired.

  It just so happens that you can buy second-hand equipment with a budget for new goods, and the price difference in the middle is the profit. There is a tacit understanding between the two parties in this regard.

  Every time the Austrian army retires weapons and equipment, it will rush to the end of its service life a few years ago to ensure that these second-hand goods can still be used normally for some years.

  The bureaucrats have made a fortune, and the Russian officers and soldiers have also benefited. Finally, we are getting rid of the shoddy domestic products. Although they are all second-hand products, their performance is more reliable than the new products in China!

  On one side are new equipment that are stupid, clumsy, constantly malfunctioning, and may explode at any time; on the other side are second-hand equipment that is 50% to 60% new, with stable performance and high safety. This multiple- choice question is easy to answer.

  In the Tsarist government, this was almost an open secret, known to everyone who should know and who should not know except His Majesty the Great Tsar.

  Even though some people wanted to pierce this layer of window paper, after considering the actual situation, they finally decisively chose to give up.

  It's not because of fear of death, but mainly out of safety considerations for Russian soldiers. If capitalists and bureaucrats are not allowed to play the reselling game, they will make money directly from the production process.

  After some clever operations by these people, whether the products produced by the already modest Russian military industry can still be used can only depend on God's blessing.

  You know, before the reselling movement started, many of the Russian army's artillery shells had to be polished and processed on site twice, otherwise they would not be inserted.

  This situation is so good now. Anyway, the Russian army has fully studied the Austrian army. The weapons and equipment are the same even the models. As long as you are not a professional, you will never see any difference on the surface.

  Even if the weapons are found to be slightly old, it can be said that the training has been strengthened recently and the equipment has been worn out too much.

  Regardless of whether others believe it or not, His Majesty the Great Tsar believed it anyway. After multiple inspections of the military camp, no problems with weapons and equipment were found.

  Affected by this, the Russian Army Logistics Department and military industrial enterprises have received praises from His Majesty the Tsar in recent years.

  Weapons and equipment are fully domestically produced, even though the production lines have to be imported from the Holy Roman Empire, which is still an amazing achievement.

  For this goal in the original time and space, the Tsarist government struggled until its demise but was unable to achieve it. It was not until the cheating Soviet Union came online that this great goal was achieved.

  The second child is like this, let alone the third child. Not to mention the gap issue, the key point is that the world's third largest army is directly absent.

  There is no other reason than that he is not qualified.

  Whether it is the declining Spanish Army or Britain's pocket-sized army, they have nothing to do with the "army power".

  If you look at it purely in terms of combat effectiveness, without taking into account the bonuses brought by national strength and numbers, then Switzerland is well deserved.

  But ranking Switzerland as the third largest army in the world makes people think it is a joke no matter how you look at it?

  After kicking out Switzerland, Belgium has a good army combat capability. There is no doubt that the same problem is that it is "too small" and cannot support the banner of a "powerful country".

  Going forward, it seems that the Nordic Federation also has some strength, but it has not had any outstanding performance in recent decades, and its only appearance was Denmark.

  It's a pity that I was unlucky. I met Prussia in its glory period and suffered a miserable defeat. If the Nordic Federation is all at this level, it obviously has nothing to do with being an "army power".

  Now that the European continent has finished taking stock, it will be even more difficult to turn its attention overseas.

  Although the United States and the Allied Powers, which have relatively good national strength, are stronger than the American soldiers in the original time and space due to their mutual confrontation, this "strength" is also very limited.

  Whether it is weapons and equipment or the quality of officers and soldiers, they are far behind the average level of the European world.

  Although the rising Japanese Army has good fighting will, its weapons, equipment and training are holding it back, and the quality of its officers is also unqualified.

  "Unqualified" was Franz's assessment.

  For no other reason than the influence of Bushido thought was too deep. This kind of officer is too subjective and lacks the ability to think rationally.

  What kind of officers you have can produce what kind of soldiers. Such an army will naturally have no problem bullying the weak; if it encounters a strong enemy, this weakness will be very fatal.

  Taking the European War as an example, the French commander put tens of thousands of French soldiers under the muzzle of machine guns because of a wrong understanding.

  If a godlike general like "Nogi Nogi" were replaced, perhaps the casualties would not be tens of thousands, but the question of how many tens of thousands the French army would have left.

  Of course, if the French army were so willing to die, the Allied Rhine defense line would never be able to sustain the arrival of reinforcements. There is no problem in bringing the war to the heart of Germany.

  However, it would take millions of lives to build a passage. It is estimated that before the strategy is completed, the French army themselves will mutiny first.

  Even if there is no mutiny, there will be heavy casualties in the early stage, and the subsequent war will be impossible to fight.

  After all, not every country has an unlimited population to consume. Millions of soldiers were killed in one battle, and there was no way to continue the subsequent battles.

  Such officers are actually most suitable to join the British army and then command the Indian colonial army. As long as the Indian colonial army can be driven to death, most of the enemies can be killed. Becoming a "military god" is not a dream.

  After a detailed count, you will find that: there are not enough numbers to fight; enough numbers but not enough combat effectiveness; not only do you have no money to balance quantity and combat effectiveness, but there are also hidden dangers in the command system.

  After Russia and Austria, there is actually no country with a strong army.

  Competitors are so "awesome" and it doesn't matter whether they are stimulated or not. Even if a country is stimulated and works hard to improve itself, it must first complete industrialization.

  Since the advent of aircraft and tanks, military production has reached the 3.0 era. Without sufficient industrial foundation to support it, no matter how good the weapon design is, it cannot be implemented.

  ...

  Just as politicians from various countries were being stimulated, a shocking scam began to spread from Vienna to all over the world.

  Mr. Rivera, who got his first pot of gold through deception, did not take the money and run away, but instead made persistent efforts to make "his great strategic plan" bigger and stronger.

  Judging from the current situation alone, Rivera is an excellent entrepreneur. Profound knowledge, excellent speech skills, high self-confidence, "lofty" ideals, down-to-earth... and a series of other excellent qualities.

  No kidding, Rivera, who fell into self-absorption, now really has "lofty ideals."

  Not only does he want to make a fortune himself, but he also plans to bring investors to make a fortune together, and he is ready to break the economic monopoly of the consortium and build a "utopian economic system."

  In order to achieve this goal, Rivera is still searching for like-minded people, forming a professional investment team, and formulating a strict business investment plan.

  After receiving the investment, apart from the loans issued to the Spanish government and normal staff salaries, Rivera did not spend anything lavishly.

  Instead, he started buying and buying, first buying 2.1% of the shares of the Austrian Electric Power Company, then buying 3.3% of the shares of the Austrian Automobile Group, and then acquiring 1.9% of the shares of the Suez Canal...

  From an investment perspective Look, these are all high-quality assets and companies that can earn huge returns. The "down-to-earth" evaluation is well-deserved.

  While Rivera was buying heavily, it also significantly increased the company's stock price. Judging from the data on the books, Rivera's investment group has achieved profits.

  Mature business logic, professional financial statements, and most importantly, profitability has been achieved right from the start.

  The media has pinned the label of "business genius" on Rivera, claiming to be the most genius investor in the 19th century.

  Wherever he goes now, Rivera is the brightest kid. If he continues to succeed, Rivera is a business genius.

  The reality is so weird. There is often a thin line between a liar and a business genius. The only difference is whether they are "successful" or not.

  Illegal financing, concealing risks and deceiving investors are all minor problems.

  This is the 19th century, the darkest moment of the capital economy. Compared with his colleagues who gave away "peanuts" and "earth planes", Rivera, who was just cheating, was simply a saint.

  But now the "Saint" Rivera has encountered the biggest trouble since starting his business. If the forest is big, there are all kinds of birds, and if the investment group is big, the same is true.

  Since ancient times, wealth has attracted people's hearts. Rivera, the founder, did not run away, but someone below him ran away first.

  There are no online payments these days, and most of the investments raised are cash and checks. There are only a few people who can remain unmoved in the face of huge wealth.

  Some guys who couldn't stand the temptation started to think crookedly. First, part of the investment was withheld and not included in the accounts.

  Without the Internet, investors would not be able to check their accounts at any time, and Rivera would not be able to establish contact with every investor. The first wave of operations by the borers was a complete success.

  It's just that this kind of thing can't be hidden for a while, and the problem will be exposed when the interest is paid.

  In order to avoid being imprisoned, these "worms" simply did not stop doing anything and directly used their positions to collect money and run away.

  The moth ran away, but the investors who suffered heavy losses refused to give up and demanded that Rivera's investment group continue to perform the contract.

  The contract is clearly written in black and white and cannot be denied at all. Although it is the individual behavior of employees who take away the money, it is the investment group that signs contracts with investors.

  This loss must be endured whether Rivera is willing or not. If it is just an example, it is not unacceptable. The problem is that incidents of running away due to thunderstorms occur one after another.

  Whether it is improving treatment or strengthening supervision, similar incidents are still repeated. If this problem cannot be solved, Rivera's investment group will be brought down sooner or later.

  It is necessary to call the police, but unfortunately it is too difficult to find someone these days. As long as you leave the country, the police can do nothing.

  Even if the countries of the European Union sign "extradition regulations", they still have to find the person first.

  Rivera: "Everyone, now we have reached a moment of life and death. If we cannot prevent similar incidents of taking money and running away, the investment group will be destroyed by these bastards sooner or later.

  Today we are going to solve this trouble. For the future of the group, and for Regarding our own future, I hope that everyone will not have the slightest reservation and boldly speak out what they think..."

  ...

  (End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1054. Chapter 1034 Model Franz-69 Book Bar
2020-11-04 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1034: Role Model Franz

  Facts have proved that there are always more solutions than difficulties. Although the problem may not necessarily be solved, once the human brain starts functioning, solutions will always emerge.

  To solve the problem of people running away with money, the core problem lies in the quality of personnel and the supervision of funds.

  The quality of newly personnel will definitely not be solved in a short period of time. It has been less than a year since the establishment of the investment group. The employees were all recruited and there was no loyalty at all.

  Because of the special nature of the profession, investment groups have very high requirements for "fooling" ability when recruiting employees. Not to mention that everyone who does this is a liar. Anyway, liars come to apply and are almost 100% accepted.

  Originally, the employees were a mixed bag, but for the sake of corporate efficiency, Rivera formulated strict performance appraisal measures. Those who are capable are promoted and those who are mediocre are demoted.

  There seems to be no problem, but the particularity of the profession is ignored. Deceiving investors into taking their money out of their pockets is clearly a position tailor-made for scammers.

  No matter how eloquent ordinary people are, they still have a process of adaptation. When it comes to deceiving investors, it is obviously not as good as more professional liars.

  So it's not surprising that money ran away. After all, scammers climb faster and can easily sneak into company management and be entrusted with important tasks to raise funds.

  Rivera's picture can only tie up ambitious liars. However, not every liar has great ideals. Many people just want to get a vote and leave.

  Fortunately, Rivera has a strong ability to deceive people. This is not called "charisma".

  Relying on his extraordinary charisma, Rivera also won over a group of people who worked for him wholeheartedly, otherwise the situation would have been even worse.

  Unless the recruitment model is changed, the mixed situation of investment groups will never be solved.

  However, once the recruitment model is changed, the team's business capabilities will be greatly reduced.

  Although Rivera hates being cheated, big plans have been set in motion and he now desperately needs money.

  It seems that the investment group is starting to make a profit, but the floating profit on the book is not a profit at all. It only has an increase of 20 to 30%. Once a large amount of shipments are made, it will immediately fall back.

  Rivera is not a short-term player. What he wants to build is a consortium rooted in the middle class and change the world where wealth is monopolized by a few people.

  If we can't work on people, we can only think of ways to regulate funds.

  The investment group alone cannot do it. Even if it sends more supervisors, it will only add a few cents.

  There is no betrayal, it is just because the interests are not big enough. Just look at the money scammers, which basically happen after large-scale seminars.

  Because investors actively participated and the amount of funds received on site was too large, some people would run away with their money.

  In addition to strengthening supervision at home, the cooperation of banks is still indispensable if we really want to solve the problem.

  If an account could be fixed, allowing investors to deposit money directly into the fixed account, and only Rivera himself could withdraw it, then the possibility of his subordinates taking the money and running away would be greatly reduced.

  It is a very common service in later generations, and any bank is very happy to undertake the business, but banks in this era simply do not provide it.

  It's not that banks don't know how to make progress. The key is that without the Internet, it is difficult to transmit information in a timely manner. In this context, opening value-added services is causing trouble for yourself.

  Think about all information transmission, all of which can only be done manually. Any mistake along the way will cause huge losses to the bank.

  In fact, many people these days also complain about the complicated procedures of banks and the slow speed of remittances.

  But there is no other way. It is purely manual operation. For safety reasons, banks can only do this. Even if they knew it would reduce efficiency, no bank would risk making changes.

  If international business exchange is involved, this time will be even longer. It would take more than a month at the fastest to transfer a sum of money from Britain into the Holy Roman Empire.

  If something unexpected happens midway, it is not impossible for the payment to be delayed for three to five months.

  The procedure is troublesome and takes a long time. The key is that banks also charge high handling fees, and most banks do not accept small-amount remittances.

  Although the total business volume of Rivera's investment group is very large, it does not mean that the amount of each investment will be large.

  Investors are not fools. Under uncertain circumstances, many people will make a small trial investment first, and only make additional investments after they are sure it is safe.

  If the existing business model is followed, the funds will not only have to stay in the bank for a month or two, but will also be charged high fees, and the investment group will suffer huge losses.

  Although Rivera also secretly controlled Appel Commercial Bank, it was only a small bank operating in Germany. The outlets do not even cover the Holy Roman Empire, let alone overseas markets.

  Not to mention small banks like this, even the largest commercial banks in the world have limited branch coverage these days.

  Generally speaking, a bank that can cover major cities in the country and set up several branches in international metropolises such as London and Vienna is a proper international bank.

  This is embarrassing. Now it is not a question of whether banks can do it, but that others simply cannot do it. So far, no bank in the world has the capacity to meet Rivera's needs.

  When one problem is not solved, a new one arises. If one bank can't do it, then you can only find cooperation with multiple banks.

  Especially when it comes to cross-border business, bank cooperation alone is not enough. Rivera also has to deal with insurance companies and law firms.

  Without the help of these local snakes to supervise, it is unknown whether the money can come out after entering the bank. Losing the money in your account is not something that is exclusive to any particular industry. In this age of manual labor, accidents are more likely to happen.

  It's just that times are different, and the methods of response are also different. The impact is naturally different.

  Rivera, who has a background in finance, is very familiar with these operations, and he does not have that much time to defend his rights.

  Perhaps it was because people were having so much fun these days that later European countries introduced extremely strict disciplinary laws, which changed the situation.

  For a time, Rivera was like a hard-working little bee, flying around the European continent, constantly looking for banks, insurance companies, and law firms to discuss cooperation.

  Affected by Rivera, European airlines' performance increased significantly.

  After all, not many people dare to fly in flying vehicles these days. Rivera, a well-known figure who flies every day, is a good publicity case.

  As for the vast American and Asian markets, limited by transportation, Rivera can only reluctantly give up temporarily.

  A CEO who can deceive, coupled with a seemingly good story, and a beautiful profit statement, is simply invincible.

  Under the promotion of the operation team, Rivera and his investment group suddenly became influential figures in the European world.

  It’s unknown whether he bought the space, but Rivera’s photos appeared in all major economic newspapers.

  Bonus comment: "The greatest entrepreneur, investment expert, and financial expert in the 19th century..."

  Rivera's investment group is also known as the most potential enterprise in Europe and is highly sought after by the capital world.

  His popularity has almost reached the point where he is a household name. Even Franz, who has lived in the palace compound for a long time, has heard his name more than once.

  If he hadn't sent someone to confirm again and again, Franz once thought that Rivera was another time traveler who entered by mistake.

  All kidding aside, just looking at Rivera's investment goals, they all buy whatever has potential, and almost all of them are high-quality assets at the bottom.

  There is no way, who makes the two people's bargain hunting goals surprisingly similar?

  The only difference is that Franz started earlier and bought a larger share; while Rivera started later and had less abundant funds.

  Surprised, after confirming that he was not a time traveler, Franz stopped paying attention.

  The emperor was also very busy. In addition to his daily work, he was also busy eating melons and watching the fun. There is no time to pay attention to a "capitalist", even an investment genius.

  It's not that similar geniuses have never appeared before, but the fate of these people was not very good. Either he died of his dream, or his virtue was not up to par and he was killed.

  "Break the oligarchic model of consortia and build a new economic era."

  Just listen. Until the 21st century, the oligarchic model of consortia has not been truly broken, let alone now.

  Even if I click through the entire consortium, it will be useless. "If the old doesn't go, the new won't come." The story of a boy who slays a dragon and turns into an evil dragon has always been played out in this world.

  Although he failed to achieve his goals, Rivera still played an active role in promoting social development.

  Needless to say, it is only incidental to stimulate the development of the aviation industry. After all, he also bought airline stocks at the bottom, so he should help with advertising.

  The most important thing is to promote the development of the financial industry. With the continuous good news, more and more banks and insurance companies have been roped in by Rivera.

  Services that were originally supposed to appear only in the 20th century entered the stage of history in the 19th century, which greatly facilitated enterprises.

  If it were not limited by technology, it is estimated that the cross-border financial cooperation promoted by Rivera might really be able to achieve the ultimate goal of the banking industry - "connecting the world."

  The public's attention was attracted by stories of wealth, but politicians were always paying attention to the three wars in the Far East, the Cuban independence movement, and the Philippine rebellion.

  Needless to say about the Sino-Japanese War, anyway, now is the time when the Japanese are full of luck and have officially opened their protagonist halo.

  Both the Cuban independence movement and the Philippine rebellion revolved around one protagonist - the Kingdom of Spain.

  Let's put it this way, if either battlefield fails, Spain will really be removed from the list of great powers.

  This time is different from last time. Before, it was only the media of Britain, Russia and Austria. They were dissatisfied with being tied with Spain to become the four major European powers.

  After all, the title of "Four Great Powers" also has historical origin. In the past hundred years, it has been monopolized by the four countries of Britain, France, Russia and Austria, and it is full of gold content and quality.

  Mixing into Spain is like mixing a husky into a pack of wolves. Although they look somewhat similar, the problem is that a husky is a husky and will never become a real "wolf".

  It seems that Spain's fall from the position of the great powers has little to do with everyone. In fact, this is not the case. This means that there is one less person at the table who is qualified to share the cake.

  There are many countries with ambitions to become great powers, but none have the strength to rise to the top. There is no one to fill the seat, which means that after France, there is one less great power.

  The number of great powers continues to decrease. It seems that everyone has less pressure and does not need to face so many bosses, which is conducive to the reduction of international disputes.

  In fact, that's not the case at all. The reduction of great powers can only mean that resources are more concentrated. By absorbing these resources, the top powers will become more powerful.

  The law of "the strong always gets stronger" is vividly reflected here.

  As the number of great powers decreases, international competition will also become more intense. At the critical moment of competition, all countries will be forced to take sides.

  Perhaps in a short period of time, the three powers of Britain, Russia and Austria will stand side by side, and it seems to be very stable. The problem is that the existence of the Russian-Austrian alliance directly breaks this balance.

  Although Spain does not fall and cannot change this pattern, it can at least bring spiritual comfort to everyone. At critical moments, everyone hugs each other for warmth, and there is still a chance to remain neutral.

  There is no doubt that the current situation is very unfavorable to Britain. After Spain's fall, the international situation that Britain will face may further deteriorate.

  The British government certainly wanted to win over the Spaniards if possible. Although Spain's strength is not very good, it is better to have one more ally from the great powers than one more enemy from the great powers.

  Unfortunately, Britain and Spain are still on opposite sides for various reasons. It is impossible for the Spanish government to defect to the British government regardless of its own interests just for a vague promise from the British government.

  Since win over cannot be achieved, the only option is to suppress.

  HRE has killed France, and now it is at its peak; Britain, which has not performed for a long time, now also needs to establish its authority and establish its own majesty as a hegemon.

  Otherwise, all countries would be pulled away by the Vienna government, and Britain would really be alone. From the moment the Continental Alliance was established, the British were destined to abandon "isolationism."

  The miserable Spain has tragically become a victim of the great power game. Otherwise, it would just take the blame for someone else, and the British government would not catch Spain to its death.

  This is why the Spaniards suspected that the Vienna government was behind it. No matter which way you look at it, Shinra is the biggest beneficiary right now.

  It not only has sufficient strength, but also is the biggest beneficiary. Who would believe me if I say it has nothing to do with the mastermind behind the scenes?
  If he wasn't sure that he didn't do it, Franz wouldn't believe it. The Cuban independence movement has nothing to do with the HRE, but the increasingly unstable situation in Morocco makes it somewhat unworthy of its allies.

  As a moral emperor, Franz would naturally not stab his younger brother at this time. But just because the emperor has moral integrity does not mean that all his subordinates also have moral integrity.

  There are various signs that someone within the Holy Roman Empire is already eyeing the Spanish colonies.

  Everyone knows that for the sake of international image, neither the wealthy Philippine Islands nor the Cuban HRE can be eaten. The only place to start is in the Moroccan areas that have not yet been controlled by Spain.

  Although it is recognized by various governments as Spain's sphere of influence, the Kingdom of Morocco is indeed an independent country and not a Spanish colony.

  As the saying goes: "If you are not afraid of thieves stealing, you are afraid of thieves missing you."

  Now that the opportunity has come, naturally some people started making small moves. Fortunately, these guys know how to take the impact into account and act appropriately.

  They just imported a batch of arms to Morocco and sold them to indigenous tribes who hated Spain, and they did it in the name of British arms dealers.

  Franz felt a little relieved that he did not plan the so-called Moroccan independence movement. Of course, this may not be because of moral integrity. After all, the Kingdom of Morocco has always been independent and there is no need to do it again.

  Everything was done without saying a word, without stirring up a single wave.

  Although he didn't do anything drastic, it still made Franz feel embarrassed. In order to make up for his inner guilt, he decided to wait until the Spaniards came... and then pay for the Moroccan area.

  ...

  (End of chapter)

Close
Diverting Disaster to the East-69 Book Bar
2020-11-04 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1035: Diverting trouble to the east
  It is self-evident what will happen to the Moroccan tribes who originally hated Spain after acquiring a large number of weapons and ammunition.

  Now that all arms sellers are wearing British vests and continue to pretend to be the British government to support Morocco's anti-Western movement, it is even more problematic.

  There is a precedent of supporting the Cuban independence movement, and it is also a very natural operation to secretly support the anti-Western movement in Morocco.

  At least according to the thinking mode of the Moroccan tribal chief, there is no reason to doubt at all. What's more, everything else can be deceived, but genuine weapons and ammunition cannot lie.

  The difference in perception filled the final loophole in this scam. The chiefs never imagined that weapons and ammunition that were priceless in their eyes would be no more expensive than potatoes and wheat in the eyes of another wave of people.

  Guns are the courage of Moroccans. As the saying goes, "If you have a gun in your hand, you won't panic in your heart." The chiefs who had obtained weapons suddenly became more confident when facing the Spanish colonists.

  Suck it up, it doesn't exist. You must know that there is support from the British Empire behind them. Looking at the British warships in the Strait of Gibraltar opposite gives the chiefs unparalleled confidence.

  Driven by hatred and interests, the Spanish immigrants in Morocco were unlucky for a while. Being beaten is nothing at all. Those who can save a life are all lucky, while the unlucky ones are all sent to meet God.

  Fortunately, there are no cannibal tribes in Morocco, otherwise we might have to go to the barbecue grill.

  There is nothing wrong with the taking the blame for civil conflicts. The decadent Moroccan government cannot control the tribes below it internally, and it dares not offend the great powers externally.

  The same was true in the original time and space. The Spaniards and local Moroccan tribes fought several wars, and the Moroccan government pretended to be deaf and dumb.

  The decadent Moroccan Sudanese government is worried, and the Spanish government, which is in endless trouble, is also not feeling well at the moment.

  On the one hand, the personal and property safety of expatriates must be guaranteed; on the other hand, tired Spain is no longer able to open a third front.

  Diplomatic assertiveness is actually just a bluff. The indigenous tribes do not buy it, and just scaring the Moroccan government will not help.

  ...

  Madrid, Cabinet Room.

  From the moment he entered the venue, Prime Minister Antonio tapped his fingers on the table, as if he was lost in endless thought.

  "Everyone is here, let's start today's meeting! I believe you have all received the news, and what we are most worried about has happened.

  Following the rebellions in the Philippines and Cuba, the Moroccan region is also unstable. The indigenous tribes who are hostile to us, Having received funding from the British is causing us trouble.

  What measures should be taken next to safeguard the interests of the empire is the topic we need to discuss today."

  Regardless of whether the British supported the Moroccan anti-Western movement, it must now be The British are supporting it, and this is a political necessity.

  To this day, whether the Spanish government wants it or not, it must stand against the British.

  The money of the Vienna government is not free. If it does not make its position clear, the situation in Morocco will not only be turbulent, but also in Spain.

  Unlike the British, who were notorious and blocked by the strait, the influence of the Holy Roman Empire on the European continent was much more terrifying.

  If the Vienna government stopped supporting them and instead supported the revolutionary party, Spain would not only be unable to hold on to its colonies, but even its homeland would be plunged into chaos.

  Although the Vienna government, which is the stronghold of conservatives, cannot support the Revolutionary Party now, doesn't the Spanish government know that?
  In politics, no one can tell for sure. There are too many stories of people shouting about beating and killing while secretly providing support in politics.

  Anyway, the relationship between Britain and Spain has always been bad, and recently they were cheated by the British on the colonial issue, so they might as well go all the way and directly oppose the British.

  Of course, the Spanish government's anti-British efforts were limited to shouting a few political slogans to express its position. It was the Holy Roman Empire that really shouldered the heavy responsibility of resisting the British.

  If Britain really fell, Antonio wouldn't mind rushing in immediately to add insult to injury, otherwise it would be better to stay on the safe side.

  "Military means are obviously undesirable. The war in the Philippines is still going on, and suppressing the Cuban rebellion has reached a critical moment. Not only can the military not be able to bear it, but the finances can't withstand it either!"

  Finance Minister Siegfried said earnestly. It's not that he wants to help the military shirk, it's mainly that the government's pockets are really not deep.

  Although the Foreign Minister went out for a tour and borrowed two huge sums of money, which was more than expected, no amount of money could withstand the consumption of the gold-eating beast.

  Foreign Minister Junior frowned at the expectant looks from everyone, and his good mood disappeared instantly.

  "Don't have high expectations. The Kingdom of Morocco only has nominal rights to rule over the tribes below. Even if it reaches an agreement with them, it cannot restrain the indigenous tribes below. You

  can't expect us to talk to the uncivilized indigenous tribes, right? Morocco region There are thousands of tribes, large and small, more than we have diplomats."

  Deep in his heart, Junior had already secretly complained: Do you really think that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is omnipotent and can solve everything?

  Knowing clearly that the situation in Morocco is turbulent and someone is behind it, and yet still expecting to resolve it through negotiation is simply...

  Colonial Secretary Marquis Taboada said indifferently: "Military is not an option, diplomacy cannot do it. We can't just let it go, right?"

  Those uncivilized natives do not understand what international rules are. If the government does not take measures soon to combat their arrogance, I am afraid that the next attack will not be an exception.

  Spain's face has been trampled to the ground. If it continues If we let it go, everyone must know what will happen in the future."

  In fact, conflicts between Spain and the indigenous tribes of Morocco have occurred not once or twice.

  In order to solve this crisis, the Spanish government has sent troops many times. However, the end result is very moving.

  In the original time and space, Spain fought against the Moroccans until 1926. Finally, they joined the French to carve up the region and occupied the northern Moroccan region.

  Although the original time and space lost its richest colony in the Spanish-American War and Spain's national power suffered a heavy blow, Spain is not much better now.

  Apart from taking back the Roussillon area, which is more glamorous in appearance, there is not much difference in essence.

  Although Cuba and the Philippines are in our hands, these two colonies are fighting for independence. Not only can it not transfuse blood to the country, but it must continue to suck blood from the Spanish government.

  This dilemma would be a headache for any government.

  Let alone if it falls on the inefficient Spanish government. We have meetings and discussions every day, but we can't come up with a feasible plan.

  ...

  London
  As the international situation continues to deteriorate, as a well-deserved overlord of this era, John Bull will naturally not sit still and wait for death.

  It is almost an open secret that the Vienna government used diplomatic means to continuously besiege Britain. Limited by geopolitics, the British government has no way to compete with HRE on the European continent.

  Anyone with a discerning eye knows that the longer the current pace continues, the more detrimental it will be to Britain.

  But there is no way to delay. Although the Holy Roman Empire is Britain's biggest competitor, the development directions of the two sides are completely different.

  One is centered on land power, supplemented by sea power as its wings; the other is entirely centered on sea power and abandons the development of land power.

  If the cards were really revealed now, no one would be able to do anything and no one would say anything. The key is that in the confrontational war of attrition, Britain is likely to be dragged to death by the opponent.

  The population is insufficient, the industry cannot keep up, and there is a lack of allies. How dare the British government show its hand?

  Britain's hegemony can still be maintained if it doesn't break the relationship. Once you really fall out, you may fall immediately.

  A rational government will naturally not engage in unscrupulous gambling on the destiny of the country. It is easy to play table stud, so it is not suitable for players who have already put on shoes.

  As an old-school empire, Britain is best at being a troublemaker. It's just that the current situation in Europe limits their performance.

  However, these difficulties did not scare the British. If there are no conditions, then create the conditions yourself.

  Attacking Spain was only the first step. It seemed that Britain did not gain much from it, but it took away a helping hand from Shinra.

  The only problem was that they overestimated Spain's strength and misjudged Spain's importance to the HRE.

  However, this can only be regarded as Spain's misfortune. Britain does not want to compete with the three major powers on its own, and must find opportunities to divide the relationship between Russia and Spain and the HRE.

  The Russian-Austrian alliance is not easy to break, so Spain can only be attacked. The drive to drive a wedge between Austria and Spain was indeed successful, but Spain was almost destroyed, and the hatred between the two countries flourished.

  The combination of old and new hatreds made the relationship between Britain and Spain completely cold. Fortunately, Spain was in decline and was unable to retaliate, otherwise the London government would have capsized this time.

  It doesn’t matter if the process is tortuous, as long as the end result is good, that’s fine.

  Although there were not many real gains, Britain was still the nominal winner after taking Spain down.

  It shattered the possible "Austro-Russian Anti-British Alliance". Yes, just because of a "possibility", it led to the collapse of Spain.

  At this stage, the competition between the great powers is so cruel. If you feel threatened, you can beat you down. The reason is as simple as that.

  At No. 10 Downing Street, the British Cabinet meeting begins again.

  Prime Minister Robert Cecil: "The Russian-Austrian alliance has lasted for almost half a century. If we go back further, it can continue to the last century. Through the

  long-term alliance, the interests of the two countries have been intertwined. Simply relying on traditional methods , it is difficult for us to separate them.

  But this alliance poses too great a threat to us. Once they fall out one day, we will face the threat of two powerful countries. The

  Russians go south to India, and the Shinra fights out of the Mediterranean. Asia Europe, the United States, and Africa will all become battlefields. The empire does not have the ability to deal with so many fronts at the same time. The

  time has come to test us. If Britain’s hegemony wants to continue, the Russian-Austrian alliance must be broken.

  At the worst, there will be a conflict. At that time, let one of the countries remain neutral. The empire cannot face two enemies at the same time.

  There is not much time left for us. One-third of the Central Asian Railway built by the Vienna government for the Russians has been completed. The railway is very likely to It was opened to traffic before 1900."

  Only the Russian-Austrian Alliance was mentioned, but the Continental Alliance was not mentioned. Naturally, Robert Cecil did not ignore it. The main reason is that the Russian-Austrian alliance is deeply rooted, while the Continental Alliance is just a grassroots team.

  Although the Continental Alliance played an important role in responding to the previous economic crisis and intervening in the Philippines campaign, it strengthened the cohesion of the alliance.

  But the Caotai team is the Caotai team. If you want to straighten out the grievances and resentments within the alliance, it cannot be done in a short while.

  There is no problem in letting European countries serve as wings and follow the flag. If these countries really send troops to go to war with Britain, Vienna's face will not be so easy.

  Of course, the most important thing is strength. After Spain was abolished, only two major powers, Russia and Austria, were left in the European Continental Alliance. Even if the other countries dared to participate in hegemonic disputes, they did not have enough strength.

  Even if Shinra finds a way to drag these small countries into trouble, they can't expect these helpless people to really do anything. The existence of the Continental Alliance is purely of political significance rather than military significance.

  In contrast, the Russian-Austrian Alliance is what Britain has to face. The Russians took India, and the HRE took Britain's remaining colonies and hegemony. The distribution of interests was clear at a glance.

  Foreign Secretary Cameron: "We have tried to divide Russian-Austrian relations, but everyone knows the final result, every time it is in vain. The

  bureaucrats of the tsarist government have been corrupted by interests, and the Russian-Austrian alliance and their personal interests Tied together, anyone who wants to cut off their financial resources will be hit hardest.

  Not to mention the Vienna government, the internal stability is terrible, and there is also an emperor with the most prestige since the establishment of the Habsburg dynasty. .

  If that’s all, the key point is that after the tsarist government’s strategic shift to the south, there is no core conflict of interest between Russia and Austria.

  No matter how we provoke the relationship between the two countries, the Russians’ first strategic target has always been India, and The strategic goal of HRE is world hegemony.

  It happens that we block the road of Russia and Austria at the same time and become their common enemy."

  Common enemy + common interests = closest allies.

  The formula of truth is placed here, and no one can overturn it. It is indeed embarrassing to expect the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to break up the Russian-Austrian alliance.

  "How about diverting the disaster to the east?"

  Economic Minister Aquinas suggested: "The Russians' strategic target choice is not only India. There is also a land in the east that is as wealthy as India. There

  is also a share within the tsarist government. The only problem with the Yellow Russia strategy is transportation. Since the Austrians can help the Russians build the Central Asian Railway, we can also help the Russians build the Siberian Railway.

  With the greed of the Tsarist government, they will not give up their ambitions in the East. Can Once you become the boss, no one wants to be the hard-working second child.

  It is impossible for the Russians to not know that once Shinra gains hegemony, it will be the end of the honeymoon period between the two countries.

  Once Shinra gains hegemony, even if they win India , the strength between Russia and Austria will not shrink, but will further expand.

  We are now providing them with a new choice, an opportunity to surpass the HRE, and the tsarist government has no reason to refuse."

  Die Taoist friends will not die in poverty . Dao, in the industry of digging holes and burying mines, Britain is definitely a master.

  ·
  (End of this chapter)

