Close
Holy Roman Empire-1090.Chapter 1069 The Excuse Delivered to the Door-69 Book Bar
2020-11-27 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1069: Excuses delivered to the door
  Fools miss opportunities, wise men are good at seizing opportunities, successful people are good at creating opportunities, and opportunities are only reserved for those who are prepared.

  Since it wants to withdraw its troops from France, the tsarist government will naturally not be held back by an "excuse".

  The only way to withdraw troops without causing a backlash from the anti-French alliance is war. Only when the Russian Empire went to war with a third country would the Tsarist government have enough reason to withdraw its troops without being blamed by other countries.

  When you open the map, you will know that there are not many neighbors in the Russian Empire anymore. Europe is all tough, and the British in South Asia are not easy to mess with. The easy ones are to the east.

  Before the tsarist could find an opportunity to create a pretext for war, someone came to the door with clues. A "Declaration government of War from All Nations" traveled across the ocean and reached Europe. Before European countries could respond, the Tsarist government took the lead in announcing its response to the war.

  I can't accept it. I've seen people seeking death, but I've never seen anyone seeking death like this.

  Fortunately, this is just a farce. The letter of challenge is only circulated internally and has not been submitted to the ministers of various countries. It does not constitute a real letter of challenge. Otherwise...it does

  n't matter whether the law is legal or not. Anyway, what the Russians want is an excuse to use the topic. The Far Eastern Empire happened to deliver the goods to your door.

  It is estimated that the Tsarist government has not yet figured out whether to fight, how to fight, and how far it will go.

  It goes without saying what happened next. Anyway, the Far Eastern Empire was going to be in trouble this time. The Russians have taken the lead, and the British will naturally not be idle, let alone the Japanese.

  The butterfly effect has destroyed the three countries of Italy, Germany, and Austria, and the United States has been divided into two. In the end, a coalition of several countries will form a coalition. This question can only be asked to God.

  ...

  The new Foreign Minister Leo Frankl: "Your Majesty, yesterday afternoon the Tsarist government declared war on the Far Eastern Empire, and also sent us an invitation..."

  Before the Foreign Minister could finish speaking, Franz interrupted. : "Reject them directly. The international situation is changing rapidly, and we may have a fight with the British one day.

  The empire does not have the strength to compete with the British in the Far East. It is not a wise man to distract attention and enter the Far East Empire at this time. Pay

  close attention The next move of the Tsarist government, if they want to withdraw their troops from France, they must delay them for two months to buy time to form a peacekeeping force."

  The reason is a bit far-fetched, but the core of HRE's strategy is indeed not in East Asia. Such densely populated areas are not the expansion target of Shinra.

  In comparison, France's importance is much higher. No matter how dilapidated France is now, in view of the glorious history of the French, the Vienna government still dare not take it lightly.

  "Your Majesty, the Tsarist government has announced a withdrawal plan. The Russians, using war needs as an excuse, decided to transfer 220,000 troops from France. After

  the plan is implemented, the total number of Russian troops stationed in France will drop from the current 270,000 to 50,000 People.

  We have received the diplomatic note, and the coalition command is expected to receive it soon. Now we are waiting for the specific implementation.

  Of course, if we ask for a two-month suspension of troop withdrawal, the tsarist government should give this face."

  Diplomacy Minister Leo Frankl reminded slightly embarrassed.

  The war provided the tsarist government with an excuse to withdraw its troops. They did not withdraw all their troops at once. It is estimated that the tsarist government still wanted to get involved in the anti-French alliance and was not prepared to complete the matter .

  Since they don't want to get things done, it's naturally not a problem for the Vienna government to ask the Russian troops to postpone their withdrawal for two months.

  In any case, this is more than 200,000 troops. If it wanted to withdraw so many personnel and weapons and equipment from France to the Russian Empire, without the cooperation of HRE, the Tsarist government would not be able to accomplish it for a year and a half.

  For the Holy Roman Empire, it is obviously a good thing that all Russian troops have not withdrawn.

  Someone always has to do the dirty and dirty work. As long as enough money is given, Russian officers and soldiers are not afraid of taking the blame.

  Having this professional scapegoating team is very helpful in maintaining the international image of the Holy Roman Empire.

  Franz didn't think that without the Russian army, the French would welcome the Shinra army to move in. Although the military discipline of the Shinra army may be better, the centuries-old feud between the two countries cannot be resolved overnight.

  Franz didn't need to think about it to know that the "old sesame seeds, rotten millet" scandal would be revealed again.

  Even if the French are careless, the British will help them awaken their dormant hatred and provoke conflicts.

  History has proven that hatred cannot be solved by gentleness alone. Most of the time, it is more reliable to use a bayonet.

  Franz did not dare to hope that he could win people's hearts in France. As long as the situation can be stabilized and the French do not jump out and cause trouble for themselves in the subsequent struggle for hegemony, it will be fine.

  ... The resurgence of the Far East

  in London
  is definitely a good thing for the British government. After receiving this good news, Prime Minister Robert Cecil became energetic.

  It's not easy. Except for the first day when he ascended the throne of Prime Minister, he has never been so happy the rest of the time.

  There is no way, the international situation is too unfriendly to Britain. Looking at the European Union across the strait, Robert Cecil could only sigh.

  After all the hard calculations, it only increased the time for Shinra to integrate the European continent, and did not fundamentally solve the problem.

  We have to admit that geopolitics is powerful. As the epoch-making European hegemon, HRE will have to be relied upon by European countries as long as everyone does not rebel against it.

  This is no longer a question of profit or loss, but a more core issue of survival. In the cruel international competition, small countries have no choice but to rely on the strong.

  Of course, these wallflowers are just a minor nuisance. They are just okay just waving flags and cheering, but the actual value they can exert is still very limited.

  What really worries Britain is the Russian-Austrian alliance. If this ace combination is not solved, Britain will have to fight with the HRE on the sea and the Russian-Austrian alliance on land in the future.

  Prime Minister Robert Cecil is not timid at sea, and the Royal Navy is not afraid of anyone in a one-on-one battle; if it is a tragedy on land, it is really something we cannot afford to be hurt by.

  Now there is finally a turning point. No matter what the reason is for the Russians to move eastward, it has reduced the pressure on Britain in the Indian region.

  In order to defend India, these British governments spent a lot of effort. Not only did they spend a lot of money to train the colonial army, but even the declining Persia received funding from Britain.

  We don't expect the Persians to do anything, as long as the Persian Empire can hold on longer and prevent the Shenluo army from pushing all the way to India.

  National strategies are never easily determined. Since the Tsarist government chose to attack the Far Eastern Empire at this time, the Russians' eastward strategy is basically a certainty.

  The next question is how to severely damage the Russians in the east, get rid of the problem of multi-front operations, then destroy the Russian-Austrian alliance, and finally bring the Russians to their side.

  The plan is a bit complicated and difficult to implement, and the success rate is still a little bit low.

  But having a plan is better than having no plan. At this point, if Britain wants to continue its hegemony, it can only win over the Russians.

  The Russian Empire in its heyday was obviously unstoppable. People are drooling when they look at India, and Robert Cecil does not dare to seek skin from a bear.

  In this context, it is very necessary to weaken the Russians and create a sense of crisis in the tsarist government.

  It’s almost the same routine as the original time and space. Before the Russo-Japanese War, the contradiction between Britain and Russia was sharp, and the relationship between Germany and Russia was still very good; after the war, the relationship between Germany and Russia deteriorated rapidly, but the contradiction between Britain and Russia tended to ease.

  Despite France's mediation, the fundamental reason was that the Tsarist government felt threatened by the Germans. Otherwise, loans alone would not be enough to bring the Tsarist government into submission.

  After all, not paying your debts is nothing new. Our ancestors could do it, so why couldn’t Nicholas II do it?

  Not to mention right now. It can be seen from the fact that all the tsars in the past have wanted to get rid of their dependence on Vienna. The Russians have really felt the pressure.

  The relationship between the two countries can be maintained. On the one hand, the Russian-Austrian alliance reassures them. The interests of the two countries are deeply tied and cannot be untied for a while; on the other hand, India is close at hand, and greed has defeated fear.

  Once it was beaten by society and found that it did not have the strength to seize India, and reality defeated greed, the Tsarist government should be afraid.

  The result of fear is naturally to find someone to hang out with. As for completely relying on Shinra, that is complete nonsense.

  Dependence is a trick played by small countries. Even if a big country can put down its body and go over there, others won't believe it, right?
  If Britain is finished, then the relationship between the Russian Empire and the Holy Roman Empire will be the relationship between the world's second largest and the world's largest.

  The second best person in the world is attached to the first person in the world, which is not harmonious no matter how you look at it.

  Since ancient times, the second child has been the target of heavy suppression, and there has never been an exception. Why does the Tsarist government believe that the Vienna government will be merciful?
  Is it just based on the traditional friendship between the two countries?

  Politicians are not idealists. When making choices, their thoughts will naturally go to the wrong direction. That’s why there is a story about the second child and the third child hugging each other for warmth and fighting against the world’s boss together.

  Frankly speaking, Robert Cecil also had deep doubts about the British-Russian unity.

  After all, the contradiction between Britain and Russia is equally acute. Even if they come together temporarily under the pressure of Shinra, it will be difficult to truly cooperate closely.

  But the reality is cruel. Without France, the gold medal player, Britain's layout on the European continent is missing a piece, and it has fallen into full strategic passivity.

  Regardless of whether the British-Russian alliance is reliable or not, the British government has no choice. It is better for the two countries to work together to share the pressure than to work alone.

  Now that we have seen the light of day, we naturally need to celebrate. However, it was now working hours. In order to prevent his competitors from taking advantage of him, Robert Cecil could only temporarily suppress his turbulent heart.

  "The international situation has finally changed. Before we had time to take action, the Russians jumped in. The next question is how to weaken them.

  Although the Russian Empire is powerful, the power they can invest in the Far East is Very limited. Not

  to mention that the Siberian Railway is not yet open to traffic. Even if it has been opened to traffic, this problematic railway cannot support many military operations. The

  current problem is that although the Far Eastern Empire has a certain strength, their government is too corrupt , simply do not have the courage to fight the Russians.

  If we want to severely damage the Russians in the Far East, it is obviously not enough to rely on them alone. We must need more chess pieces, and the Japanese cannot continue to be idle."

  Facts have once again proved that , Pies of cake don’t fall from the sky for no reason. Even if they do fall, they are usually poisonous.

  The Central Asian Railway aided by the Vienna government has quality problems; the Siberian Railway secretly supported by the British also has many pitfalls.

  Perhaps it would not be a big problem in normal use. Once the freight volume increases, the tsarist government will immediately understand that the railway also has a temper.

  This is the inevitable result. If they didn't set some traps and delay the logistics, and the Russian plan really succeeded, wouldn't the British government have shot itself in the foot?
  You must know that the Far East is Britain's sphere of influence. John Bull was incapable of sacrificing himself for others.

  Foreign Secretary Cameron: "Prime Minister, it is still too early to take action now. The Siberian Railway is not open to traffic, and the Russian power cannot be projected at all.

  Even if the entire army is wiped out by the small number of soldiers in the Far East, it will not hurt the vitality of the Russians.

  Maybe seeing that it is too difficult to advance eastward, the Russians will shrink back and pick up the southward strategy again, which will be troublesome.

  In order to better lure the enemy, in the short term it is best for us to let the tsarist government experience the feeling of victory first. It just so happens that the Far Eastern Empire is now..."

  As the saying goes, "If you can't let go of your children, you can't trap the wolf." If you want to let go of your own children, most people are probably unwilling to do so; if it were someone else's child, there would be no such pressure.

  Politics Friends and foes always fall in love in an instant. Just now, he was talking about supporting the Far Eastern Empire and the Russians to fight. In the next moment, he decisively decided to sacrifice the interests of the Far Eastern Empire to lure the enemy deeper.

  It can be seen that Cameron has deeply understood the essence of British diplomacy. . In the shortest possible time, he demonstrated the professionalism expected of the British Foreign Minister.

  Finance Minister Pavel: "Sir, you are right. The amount of power that the Russians can invest in the Far East is indeed too small. No portion at all.

  The Russians' eastward strategy not only meant the bankruptcy of Vienna's plan to divert troubled waters southward, but also threatened HRE's land dominance.

  It is impossible for the Vienna government to watch the Russians complete the Yellow Russia Plan. They are the ones who least want the Tsarist government to succeed at the moment. We don’t need to worry at all now.

  Regardless of whether the Russian-Austrian alliance is still unbreakable, once the Russian eastward strategy shows signs of success, the Vienna government is bound to take action to suppress it.

  After succeeding in the first step, if they want to take the second step, the Russians will find that the whole world is their enemy, especially their closest allies.

  By then, even if the Russian-Austrian alliance can barely survive, it will only exist in name only, and our opportunity will come.

  But the Russians alone were not enough. To deal with the Holy Roman Empire, the empire needed more allies. "

  When the word "ally" is mentioned, Prime Minister Robert Cecil gets a headache. There is no way. What he inherited is a mess of economic prosperity and diplomacy.

  Although his predecessor was considered outstanding among all British prime ministers, But because of misestimation of France's strength, Britain was brought to the edge of the cliff.

  To remedy this, it was completely overthinking. Since the establishment of the Continental Alliance, Britain has not had much room to use diplomatic means.

  After so many years of hard work, Britain does not have a true ally. Japan cannot be counted. It is just an inconspicuous younger brother and is not qualified to be Britain's ally.

  At present, except for the Russian Empire, Robert Cecil does not know who to pull or whom to pull. ?

  “Does the Ministry of Foreign Affairs have any suggestions? "

  It's better to leave such complicated matters to professionals. Although looking at the bitter face of the Foreign Secretary, it doesn't look like...

  Foreign Secretary Cameron helplessly replied: "European countries can't count on them. Being able to remain neutral is the result of God's blessing. Our goal can only be in the Americas.

  There are many independent countries in the Americas, but few are powerful, and even fewer can be won over by us.

  The one with the most win-win value is naturally the United States of America, followed by the Confederate States. Unfortunately, these two are sworn enemies.

  If we bring both of these families together, we probably won't have to do anything but just adjust the relationship between them.

  If you choose one of the two, the other one will most likely be pulled over by the enemy. With the diplomatic capabilities of the Vienna government, the probability of this happening will not be less than 90%.

  In addition to a pair of enemies, the remaining countries such as Mexico, Colombia, Argentina, and Chile are also targets of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs’ public relations.

  It's just that these countries all have a common characteristic - lack of strength. It's okay to build up their momentum politically, but it's impossible to expect them to make much contribution.

  At most, it will distract the enemy's energy and threaten their colonies in the Americas, but it will be of limited help to the overall situation. "

  Britain also contributed a lot to the confrontation between the United States and the Alliance. Since the joint intervention of Britain, France and Austria, it has laid hidden dangers for today's confrontation between the two countries. When it comes to digging holes, Britain

  is professional. France, Austria, and France, who joined forces back then, Spain is no ordinary person.

  When the North and South of the United States were divided, the four countries as arbiters unanimously laid mines on the demarcation of the border.

  The leaders of the United States and the Confederate States were still immature in political methods, and they obviously did not encounter this kind of gameplay. The following is The specific person in charge was even more confused and asked delegations from the four countries to participate in the entire process.

  The final result was that the post-war relations between the North and South governments, which were already full of hatred, worsened because of the border issue.

  If it were not for the previous war, It was too tragic. The national cohesion between the two countries was not strong, and there were still a lot of internal conflicts. It might have been a second battle.

  In fact, if the European powers had not broken out internal conflicts and relaxed their provocation in the relations between the two countries, the North and the South would have The government might have started a war.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1091.Chapter 1070 Campbell's Reform-69 Book Bar
2020-11-29Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1070: Campbell's Reform

  The international situation was undercurrent, but Franz was sitting at home enjoying his children and grandchildren, as if he was not aware of it.

  It is obviously impossible not to know. There are so many countries that the British want to win over, and there will always be a few young people.

  In international politics, there are always a few who go all the way to the dark side, and the two ends of the spectrum are normal operations.

  The battle between Britain and HRE is not one-sided. Until the situation is clear, most countries will not tie themselves to one family.

  The HRE can rely on its land power advantage to coerce European countries onto the ship; the British can also rely on their sea power advantage to win allies around the world.

  It is impossible to stop it. The grass on the wall will only fall with the wind, and it can only fall with the wind. This is the way to survive for a small country.

  It is not that the Vienna government cannot take action. The main problem is that its power projection is limited and it cannot compete with the British overseas.

  The British have been operating overseas for hundreds of years, and HRE has entered the Age of Discovery less than forty years ago, and its overseas influence lags far behind that of the British.

  What's more, the younger brother is not easy to accept. Overseas countries are not monolithic. There are also many neighboring countries who have deep hatreds between them. If you win over one country, you will inevitably offend that country.

  It is easy to pull people on board, but the trouble is that while pulling people, they are also involved in regional conflicts and disputes.

  Excessive involvement in regional conflicts has no meaning for Shinra except to attract hatred.

  Don't talk about being grateful to your allies. In international politics, only the benefits obtained are real, and "gratitude" is the least valuable.

  In this context, instead of taking the initiative and asking for trouble, it is better to watch the British perform first and then strike later.

  If anyone follows the British, then support their enemies. Anyway, Shinra will not lack allies.

  Peaceful days always pass by in a flash. With the development of the times, the conflicts between HRE and Britain have become more and more acute.

  Unknowingly, the word "trade friction" suddenly became popular and became the darling of the media for a time.

  Relying on the dividends brought by the second industrial revolution and the cost advantage of industrial raw materials, Shinra's industrial and commercial products have increasingly gained advantages in international competition.

  In the increasingly brutal market competition, many industries that were once the world's factories are now in a difficult situation.

  The "free trade" that Britain was once proud of has now become a complete joke under the impact of Shinra's industrial and commercial products.

  Not surprisingly, the Conservative Party, which advocated free trade, lost the 1902 election. Liberal candidate Henry Campbell-Bannavon successfully entered Downing Street.

  As the winner, Campbell was stunned by the mess in his hands before he could rejoice for a few days.

  Britain is still the hegemon of the world, but it is just a hegemon riddled with leaks.

  Frankly speaking, the previous Robert Cecil government did a very good job and achieved remarkable results in the political and diplomatic fields.

  For example: it annexed the French Indochina Peninsula and expanded Britain's colonial territory; the strategy of diversion of trouble to the east was successful, the Russians were introduced to the Far East, and cracks appeared in the Russian-Austrian alliance; the Anglo-Japanese alliance was established and relations with American countries were repaired. Strategic partnerships have been established with many countries...

  No amount of diplomatic achievements can conceal Britain's economic difficulties. The second industrial revolution is beginning to take hold, and Britain, which has not kept up with the times, is paying the price.

  Not only were the overseas markets squeezed by Shinra products, but the local market was also affected. Even Britain's leading textile industry was not immune.

  There is no other way. Who made the London government choose to win over the United States?

  The Alliance, aware of the danger, couldn't help but move closer to Shinra. Then, with the support of Shinra, the Alliance also launched the Industrial Revolution.

  Like most countries, the industrial revolution in the Union began with the textile industry. The country where the raw materials are produced has begun to weave its own fabrics. How embarrassing is this for Britain, which was founded on the textile industry?

  You must know that the textile industry is the largest industrial chain in Britain. More than one-third of the British people can be related to this industrial chain.

  As the world's largest cotton producer, the Allied countries have unparalleled advantages in developing the textile industry. In terms of cost, it can easily beat British textile companies.

  Once there is a problem in the textile industry, Britain's economy will collapse in minutes, and the British will naturally be unable to sit still.

  Because of the efforts to win over the United States, the Confederate States fell to the HRE. This was considered by the public to be the biggest diplomatic mistake of the Robert Cecil government, and it was also one of the important factors in the Conservative Party's defeat in the election.

  When he was in opposition, Campbell often used this issue to criticize the government. Now that he has come to power, he has discovered that this is not the case at all.

  It seems that wooing the United States is a diplomatic mistake, but in fact the British government has no choice at all. Regardless of whether there is such a thing, the Allied countries will develop their own cotton textile industry, which is determined by their interests.

  As early as ten years ago, the Alliance had planned to develop its own cotton textile industry, but was forced to give up under pressure from Britain.

  In recent years, with the strong rise of the Holy Roman Empire, Britain's hegemony has been on the verge of crumbling, and the suppressed Allied Powers have once again developed the ambition to develop the textile industry.

  Unlike in the past, with the Holy Roman Empire causing trouble, Britain no longer had the ability to prevent the Alliance from developing the textile industry.

  At this point, a gap has arisen between the two parties. No matter how much we attach importance to the relationship between the two countries, we cannot resist the conflict of interests.

  The Vienna government can help the Allied countries develop the textile industry, but the London government is absolutely impossible, otherwise domestic interest groups will have to stage a coup.

  It is far less cost-effective to win over a country with a core conflict of interest as an ally than to win over a country with a relatively small conflict of interest and greater strength.

  After all, the next step is to compete with the Holy Roman Empire for hegemony, and there may even be a war, and it won't do well if the allies don't help.

  "It's fun to talk for a while, but it's going to be a crematorium afterwards."

  Campbell feels a bit like this now. It was fun to spray before, but after he took office, he actually continued the foreign policy of his predecessor.

  If it were just a diplomatic trouble, Prime Minister Campbell could handle it. For politicians, being thick-skinned is just standard. "Say one thing and do another" is completely routine.

  What worries Campbell most is the steady decline of the domestic economy and the increasing social conflicts.

  Of course, Campbell was not completely unprepared for these problems. As the leader of the reformists, Campbell had proposed reforms several years ago.

  In this world, it has always been easy to shout slogans, but difficult to do practical things.

  "Reform" has never been smooth sailing. Reforms since ancient times have had few successes, and most have ended in tragedy.

  After taking the position, Campbell truly realized the difficult situation. All reality told him that it was not that the previous government did not want to reform, but that the interests involved were too great and they did not dare to take action easily.

  ...

  Trade Minister Lloyd George: "This is our import and export trade report for the first half of the year. The situation is very bad.

  Compared with the same period last year, the total export volume in the first half of this year fell by 0.46% compared with the same period last year. Imports The total amount increased by 2.67% year-on-year, and the trade deficit increased by 3 percentage points.

  This is the third consecutive year that our export trade has shrunk, and the tenth year that the trade deficit has increased. To be precise, since the end of the European War, the empire’s trade deficit has been Increasing.

  Affected by shrinking exports and trade deficits, the international status of the pound has also been affected.

  Especially in the European world, countries have adopted Aegis and gold for trade settlement, and the pound has been marginalized.

  As a result of all this The fundamental reason is that domestic industrial and commercial products have lost their competitiveness in the international market.

  In a series of emerging industries such as machinery manufacturing, electric power equipment, internal combustion engine automobile industry, etc., there is almost no trace of imperial goods.

  Even though It is our homeland, and it is now full of Shinra manufacturing. If things continue like this, the empire's economy will have problems sooner or later."

  Trade deficit is nothing new. Since Fao completed its industrialization, Britain has gradually been in a deficit position in international trade. .

  With the first-mover advantage in the first industrial revolution, this deficit did not bring disaster to the British, but instead pushed the pound internationally.

  But the good times did not last long, and as the trade deficit continued to grow, problems slowly emerged. The deficit is too large, which directly leads to the outflow of wealth.

  After all, not all countries are willing to accept pound settlement. If they want to harvest the world by printing banknotes, Britain does not yet have the strength.

  With the rise of the Holy Roman Empire, Aegis began to seize the pound market, and this situation became increasingly obvious.

  No one is a fool. As Britain's trade deficit grows larger and larger, no one is willing to hold pounds on a large scale to pay for British consumption.

  As time goes by, more and more European countries are no longer willing to accept pound settlement.

  The pound's share in the international currency market has shrunk. To quell the trade deficit, the only way to fill the gap is with real gold and silver.

  Although there were colonies to plunder, the constant outflow of gold and silver still became a problem that troubled the British government.

  It is very simple to change all this, either to regain the lost market or to develop new products to open up new markets.

  Unfortunately, the competitor this time was the Holy Roman Empire, and deterrence by force had no effect. Competition through normal business methods would not win back the market at all.

  Developing new products is even more unrealistic. As British companies are so powerful, there will be no shrinkage in export trade.

  Labor Secretary Burns: "Affected by the economic downturn, domestic labor conflicts and employment issues have become more acute.

  According to our survey data, our unemployment rate increased by 0.3 percentage points in the first half of this year. Look. It seems inconspicuous, but it has been on the rise for five consecutive years.

  Not to mention labor conflicts, it is clear just by looking at the strike demonstrations outside. Since this year, there has been an obvious increase in incidents.

  Taking London as an example, there are more than a thousand people There were 16 large-scale strikes in the first half of the year, and demonstrations took place almost every month.

  If I hadn’t been sure that this was London, I would have doubted whether I had entered Paris by mistake. The frequency of strikes and demonstrations was simply extraordinary. ..."

  It can be seen that Burns really wants to solve the problem. As the first working-class representative to join the cabinet, Burns must make achievements even if it is just for political career.

  Before taking office, he believed that as long as legislation protected the interests of workers and prohibited capitalists from doing whatever they wanted, that would be enough.

  After learning about the first-hand account, Burns once doubted his own eyes.

  The problem in Britain now is not just a problem of the reckless behavior of capitalists. The bigger problem is that the survival of enterprises has encountered challenges.

  Emerging industries have been hit to pieces, and traditional industries are facing a series of problems such as brutal market competition, meager profits, and overcapacity.

  The choice of the British capitalists in the original time and space was to reduce production capacity and play on their own in the colonies behind closed doors. Anyway, Britain's colonial market is large enough to support them in their old age.

  As for updating machinery and equipment, increase investment in research and development and face international competition. Just shout a few exciting slogans, but if you take them seriously, you will lose.

  Capital is the most realistic. If you can just sit back and make money without risk, why take the risk to participate in international competition?

  The data does not lie. No matter which country it is, companies that are radical and focus on R&D die the fastest, while conservative companies that are not enterprising have a longer life span.

  Perhaps conservative companies will be eliminated by the market one day in the future, but before they are eliminated by the market, the capitalists have already made enough money from them.

  In contrast, for companies that continue to invest in research and development, everyone will be happy if they succeed, but if problems arise along the way, they will lose all their money.

  Capital hates risks, and making money steadily is the greatest happiness. There are always only a few capitalists who are willing to gamble their own wealth to win a better tomorrow for their enterprises.

  Chancellor of the Exchequer Herbert Henry Asquith: "These problems have arisen a long time ago. In order to solve domestic economic problems, the previous government twice reduced the tax rate for industrial and commercial enterprises.

  If it were not vetoed by Parliament, they were even prepared to Launch an export subsidy program to increase the market competitiveness of enterprises.

  However, these can only treat the symptoms. If we want to truly solve the problem, we still have to rely on the efforts of our enterprises.

  We have to admit that we are already lagging behind in many areas. Shinra's Products are all over the streets. If you compare any product with similar products made in China, our company does not do well in terms of cost performance. The

  trouble now is that domestic capitalists lack interest in technological innovation, especially in machinery and equipment. There is even a lack of innovation spirit in the field.

  What the capitalists want is to end free trade, restart trade barriers, and rely on tariffs to protect the market.

  Of course, they are not so direct. It is called: using trade barriers to temporarily protect domestic casualties. The market buys time for corporate technological innovation.

  However, we all know that with the enthusiasm of domestic enterprises in investing in scientific research, I am afraid that this situation will not change in the next century."

  No matter what policies, in the final analysis, it is all about interests . Because of interests, the British government established a free trade system; also because of interests, the British government now has to consider ending free trade.

  Even if Asquith is very disgusted with all this and feels that these unenterprising guys are the worms of Britain, then their opinions must be carefully considered.

  Seeing the tense atmosphere, Prime Minister Campbell waved his hands and said: "These problems are the realities we will face in the coming days.

  Britain has reached this stage because of the accumulation of these problems. The reality tells us that Britain has reached When we have to reform.

  If we continue like this, not to mention competing with the Holy Roman Empire, domestic social conflicts alone will cost us half our lives. We

  can consider protecting the market, but how to protect it and where to protect it We must carefully consider the impact of this step. These

  issues affect the whole body. Once we adopt trade barriers, other countries will inevitably follow suit. By then, our import and export trade will definitely be affected. Influence.

  Domestic..."

  (End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1092.Chapter 1071 The New Steel Center was born at the wrong time-69 Book Bar
2020-11-30Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1071: The Untimely New Steel Center
  The British are about to reform. For most countries, this is definitely a happy event worthy of universal celebration.

  "Reform" may not necessarily make the country stronger, but it will definitely make the government busier.

  The larger the country and the longer the regime has existed, the more problems it will encounter in the process of "reform." Britain, a world hegemon for a century, naturally faces all-round problems.

  From the colonies to the mainland, there are too many historical problems that need the government to find solutions.

  It can be said that "a single move affects the whole body." Even if the London government only carries out partial reforms, it will keep them busy for a while.

  History has proven that as long as the British get busy, international disputes will be greatly reduced and the world will become harmonious.

  In fact, with the reunification of the Holy Roman Empire, the frequency of British troubles has been reduced a lot in recent years.

  With the Holy Roman Empire restraining it from the front, most of the British government's energy has been delayed, and naturally it has no time to torment other countries.

  Now that the British government wants to carry out internal reforms, it has no energy to bother. This is a major boon for politicians around the world, as it means everyone can get a few more days of peaceful sleep.

  Although the two powers now stand side by side, Britain is the only one who loves to toss. As for the other overlord, he is obviously a farming player.

  If you look at international news, you will know that since the Holy Roman Empire's hegemony was established, in addition to supporting Spain in expelling the Japanese, it has only established peacekeeping forces to garrison France.

  If it weren't for the double eagle flag of the Habsburg dynasty flying all over the world, everyone would have almost forgotten this new overlord.

  Of course, this is only for ordinary people, politicians must never forget it. Not making things happen does not mean that you are incapable of making things happen.

  Just because Shinra's ministers abroad were causing trouble for the British every day, everyone knew that this was not a master who was easy to mess with. Especially in the past two years, the Shinra Navy often drives out "super battleships" to hang out, euphemistically known as exchanging learning experiences.

  Obviously, it makes no sense at all to exchange experiences with ironclads and dreadnoughts with thousands of tons.

  If it is not a matter of establishing prestige, no one would believe it. You know, you know, politics is rarely confused. The overlord countries have come for "friendly exchanges", so you have to cooperate!
  Fortunately, the Shinra Navy just strolled around and declared its presence, and did not take the opportunity to engage in political blackmail, which made everyone breathe a sigh of relief.

  The final result is that the British government's progress in winning over allies has become particularly unsatisfactory. Although the Royal Navy ranks first in the world in terms of tonnage, it has suffered a loss in terms of the number of super battleships.

  There is no way, warship construction also takes time. HRE's first-generation super battleship "Roma" was put into service in 1900, and the British had just begun to develop the project.

  After a lot of effort, the British super battleship was not put into service until 1903. This is already an extraordinary level of performance.

  From project design, construction to final service, it only took more than two years, which is enough to prove the strength of Britain's shipbuilding industry.

  This is of no use. According to the construction rate of one ship a year, Shinra's fourth super battleship has already been launched, and it is almost certain that it will be commissioned within the year.

  The Royal Navy fell behind, only temporarily, but the impact on various countries was still huge.

  One step is slow, each step is slow.

  The naval technological revolution has broken out. Can the Royal Navy, which is currently at a disadvantage, really catch up?

  The British shipbuilding industry was able to crush almost all countries in the world, except for the Holy Roman Empire. This is determined by the market and cannot be changed by personal will.

  The seeds of doubt were sown, and everyone's inference about Britain's invincibility was shaken.

  Since the outcome cannot be determined, naturally we cannot rush to take sides. It has not yet reached the point of "either friends or enemies". We can still take a moment and observe things more carefully.

  All the countries in the world were relieved, but Franz had a headache. The international situation has changed beyond recognition, and no one is sure whether the British reforms will succeed.

  In the original time and space, Campbell was only elected prime minister in December 1905. He met God in April 1908, and his actual reign was less than two years.

  It is obviously impossible to complete the reform plan in such a short time, but history still has a high evaluation of him.

  Due to the butterfly effect, the domestic economic decline and the intensification of social conflicts, all sectors of British society realized the need for reform. Campbell, the reformist leader, was elected in 1902.

  Being elected three years in advance means that the reformists have three more years. For a country, "three years" may not seem like a long time, but it can change a lot of things.

  Britain's foundation is still very strong. Once its internal conflicts are resolved and its colonies are integrated, it still has great potential.

  There are ready-made examples before him, and Franz cannot guarantee that the British will not follow suit.

  If the British are stimulated and follow the Shinra to enfeoff, and completely eat up Australia, Canada, New Zealand and other regions, then they will become a complete world empire.

  With such a huge support, even if it loses the battle for hegemony, Britain is still a top power.

  The only good thing is that England is underpopulated and cannot absorb such a large territory for a while. Otherwise, Franz would have no choice but to take action in advance.

  ...

  Frederick: "Father, this is the new economic construction plan drafted by the cabinet. Based on the previous five-year plan, a new western economic revitalization plan is added, and we plan to spend heavily to build the Ruhr Industrial Zone.

  I have done some research and found that the Ruhr area is indeed suitable for the development of industry, especially heavy industry. Not only is the transportation convenient, but it is also close to the origin of raw materials.

  Once developed, it was the industrial center of the western part of the empire. It is of great significance to promote the economic development of the western region.

  The most important thing is that the empire's heavy industry is too scattered. Limited by industrial raw materials, there are more than a dozen heavy industry centers across the country, but there is no real core.

  Before the empire develops, such a decentralized layout can increase the security of the country, so it cannot be wrong.

  The situation is different now. We no longer have enemies on the European continent, and we have completely formed a core to further promote the development of the domestic economy. "

  Revitalizing the Western Economy", if it was before, this would be a joke.

  You must know that since the Age of Discovery, the European continent has an obvious characteristic, that is, Western Europe has the most developed economy, followed by Central Europe, followed by Southern Europe and Northern Europe. The economy of Eastern Europe has always been at the bottom.

  However, this situation has fundamentally changed since the revival of the Holy Roman Empire. The

  economy of Eastern Europe is still at the bottom, and the changes in Northern Europe have not been much. The economy of Western Europe has been in decline in recent years. On the contrary, It is Central and Southern Europe that has become the most economically developed region in the world.

  Of course, the economy of Southern Europe is only developed in some areas. The economy of Italy still has not improved greatly, let alone Spain. Are

  they considered southern European countries, or are they? Counting Western European countries, there is no unified conclusion on this issue.

  The only thing that is certain is that placing them in Southern Europe will lower the economic average, but placing them in Western Europe will pull it up a few points.

  The main reason is the war. A European war destroyed the backbone of France, and the territory in the western part of the HRE also suffered heavy losses due to the war. As for Britain,

  it is not a continental country, so naturally it cannot be ignored. In order to exclude the British, HRE's government documents, Radio, newspapers and periodicals all tacitly threw Britain out of Europe.

  After the European War, the Vienna government launched a western reconstruction plan. It was just reconstruction, not further development.

  Especially the territory in the newly acquired areas was limited by The population and local economy have not improved much and have become a laggard.

  In order to change all this, the Vienna government has not failed to make efforts. But before, it was mainly busy restoring post-war infrastructure.

  As for economic development, You have to have people first. Although the Holy Roman Empire has a large population, it is too big to hold up the empire. As

  the country gets bigger, there are more "key projects". In contrast, the western region, which is being reconstructed, is The empire’s economic strategy does not have a high status.

  It is neither comparable to the African Ring Railway, nor the petrochemical industry chain in the Middle East, nor the local automobile and aviation industries. The

  western region has a low economic strategy and lacks population. The resource tilt that can be obtained in the region is naturally limited.

  It is unrealistic to encourage immigration, and there are too many places to rob people. The western territories located on the border are not competitive at all.

  In the eyes of ordinary people, running to the west and France Being neighbors is a big challenge in itself, and who knows when the fighting will start again.

  In a sense, this is also the fault of the Vienna government. Reports on the domestic situation in France are deliberately suppressed, even if they are occasionally published in newspapers, That is also an understatement.

  Ordinary people have no idea that the French Empire, which used to be powerful and cosmopolitan, is now a plucked phoenix.

  The new officials have three things to do when they take office. Forced by the great achievements of the previous government, the new cabinet does not dare to change course easily. I have been holding back on this for several years, and I have only found the opportunity now.

  The distribution of heavy industry in the Holy Roman Empire is indeed too scattered. It is not that Franz does not want to concentrate, but that he simply cannot concentrate.

  There are many areas suitable for the development of heavy industry, but due to various The reason is that the upper limit of development is inherently limited.

  Taking the steel industry as an example, there are seven steel centers in Shinra with an annual output of one million tons; there are even more areas with an annual output of 500,000 tons; however, there are so many There is no steel center with an annual output of five million tons.

  In this era, such production capacity is still available. If it were left to later generations, any township enterprise could kill it instantly.

  It’s not that steel companies don’t work hard, it’s because natural conditions are too restrictive. As production capacity has increased, costs have also increased, and many steel centers have actually developed to the limits of existing technology.

  Judging from the development of the Holy Roman Empire, the annual steel production capacity of 28.78 million tons is obviously unable to meet demand.

  According to predictions by economic experts, the Holy Roman Empire's demand for steel will increase to 50 million tons in the next twenty years.

  Theoretically speaking, if the potential of all the steel centers in Shinra is tapped, it will be able to meet the demand and there will be no need to continue to expand.

  Obviously, a theory is just a theory. As society continues to develop, the demand for steel is also increasing.

  The current demand forecast of 50 million tons is not static. After all, the Holy Roman Empire was so big that the potential demand was unimaginable.

  Judging from the experience of previous lives, as long as Shinra does not decline, the future demand for steel will definitely be measured in units of hundreds of millions. It is nothing more than a matter of time.

  However, the future is always the future, and you still have to focus on the present as a human being. After taking the document and reading it briefly, Franz said slowly: "This plan is too radical.

  I don't doubt that the Ruhr area can build a steel center with an annual output of tens of millions of tons, but don't Forget that it is the economic market that can really determine production capacity, not the government. The

  world economy is indeed booming now, but don't forget that there are already problems with the British economy. The London government is carrying out reforms at this time. What if it withdraws from the free trade system? ?

  Once the British adopt trade barriers, there will definitely be many countries that will follow suit, and our foreign trade exports will inevitably be affected.

  I wouldn't be surprised if there was an economic crisis as a result. Will the market demand for steel still be that big in the short term?
  What if we are unlucky and our steel center is put into operation in a few years and coincides with a new round of economic crisis? "

  It's not that Franz is conservative, it's actually that there are already so many economic crises in the capitalist economic world. Judging from the past rules, it is almost once every ten years. It has been several years

  since the last economic crisis, and now the steel center is being built and put into production. Even if we haven't caught up with the crisis, we have entered the countdown to the crisis.

  Massive overcapacity broke out, and the domestic steel industry was absolutely wailing. I don't know how many industries will be tormented and killed.

  The most tragic thing is Shinra's steel industry, isn't it? Government investment is controlled by the royal consortium. Private capital rarely touches these high-investment, long-term industries. If you

  create an industry that destroys your own enterprise, it is definitely a sign of being out of your mind.

  Even if you want to do it, you must do it. Do it slowly, for example, first control the production capacity to one million tons, and then continue to increase it according to market demand.

  From this aspect, the current cabinet is not as thorough as its predecessor when considering issues.

  If it is purely for political performance, the previous term The government has done it a long time ago, how can it stay here now?

  It is not difficult to build a steel center. When the basic conditions are in place, all you have to do is throw money into it.

  Even if the cabinet lacks the ability to see problems, Franz We are not planning to change people now. Geniuses are always in the minority, and most people are of average quality.

  Being able to hold on for several years and continue the policies of the predecessor without any major troubles has proven that this government is stable enough.

  Although It’s not a comprehensive look at the problem, but essentially this plan is correct. If the project is divided into phases and the construction progress is slowed down a little, there will be no problems.

  From this perspective, the biggest problem with this plan It turned out to be because of "too high efficiency", because the Vienna government's plan was to be completed within five years.

  After hearing Franz's explanation, Frederick was shocked and said: "It's impossible for the British to withdraw from the free trade system. ?
  You must know that the free trade system was proposed by the British government itself. When the treaty was signed, the British made a commitment in front of the whole world. "

  With the development of the times, the capitalist world economy has become more and more closely connected. Once the British withdraw from the free trade system, there will definitely be problems in the world economy.

  With John Bull's consistent style of harming others and not benefiting himself, once he decides to withdraw , will definitely take action to bring down the free trade system, and it will be impossible for Shinra to continue to enjoy the dividends of the free trade era.

  After receiving such a blow, Shinra's economy will definitely be greatly affected, and the market demand for steel will shrink sharply.

  In this context, it is obviously inappropriate to add a steel center with an annual output of tens of millions of tons.

  Franz rolled his eyes: "Nothing is impossible. For the British, credibility only matters.

  Once it is found that it is not in its own interests, it is inevitable to tear up the free trade agreement. It's not done yet, because the British are still engaging in internal games.

  The British have long been a beneficiary of the free trade system, and naturally have vested interest groups. Now the free trade system is not good for them. If they want to withdraw at this time, vested interests will naturally oppose it.

  If you pay attention to the newspapers in London, you will know that there is increasing discussion around free trade, and the supporters and opponents are noisy.

  Civil quarrels are only the beginning of the problem. It won't be long before the British Parliament will discuss it.

  Campbell also mentioned the issue of free trade in his election manifesto. Although he did not directly say that he would abolish it, he still hinted at export subsidies for some industries in his speech.

  These are all signals. As the British economy continues to deteriorate, vested interest groups alone cannot hold out for long.

  If the British government does not want to see domestic manufacturing being squeezed to death by us, it will be a matter of time before it adopts trade barriers. For Campbell, exiting the free trade system is far easier than making internal reforms.

  Judging from the current situation, this time will not exceed two years. We can already start preparations, so as not to be caught off guard by the British. "

  Don't be surprised if the same issue has been discussed for "two years". For the British Parliament, this is just normal operation.

  Exiting the "free trade system" is a major event. It can be said that it is related to the national destiny of Britain. How can we do this if we don't study it carefully? ?

  Compared with the "Brexit" discussion that lasted for forty-five years in later generations, being able to make a decision within two years is already very efficient.

  (End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1093.Chapter 1072 Panama Canal-69 Book Bar
2020-11-30Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1072 Panama Canal

  The British government is engaged in internal reforms, and the Vienna government is also busy with internal affairs construction, but the international conflicts have not stopped.

  In the spirit of preventing the enemy from doing what they want to do, victory is achieved. The two big bosses started pitting each other again.

  Traps are not easy to dig. In the field of trapping people, London and Vienna are both masters. Generally, traps cannot bury people at all.

  Because of the reforms, fierce internal fighting is breaking out in the British government at the moment, but this does not mean that the Vienna government can do something.

  Britain and HRE have been at odds for so many years. The two countries have unified their thinking early on and labeled each other "enemy".

  To this day, there are no pro-British factions in Vienna, and there are no pro-Austrian factions in the British government. The wonderful traditional friendship has long been exhausted by conflicts of interest.

  If the Vienna government really didn't know about the so-called involvement, it might be forced by the threat of foreign enemies and the British government would reach a compromise in advance.

  But Frederick was unwilling to do anything and waste this golden opportunity.

  You know, the Vienna government has not taken any action against the British; but the British government's small actions against the Shinra have never stopped.

  "HRE threat theory", "anti-dumping theory", "liberal security theory"... a series of international hot topics were all created by the British.

  Rumors are simply "three people make a tiger". Once there are too many people talking about it, it cannot be washed away.

  Frankly speaking, Frederick was not afraid of rumors. For big countries, international public opinion was just that.

  The key to the problem is that the British are not simply spreading rumors. Many things do exist, but they are just slightly exaggerated.

  For example, the "commodity dumping problem" is real. Under the free trade system, the industrially powerful Holy Roman Empire did take advantage and dumped goods in some areas.

  The earliest large-scale commodity dumping was spearheaded by the British, and they even went further than Shinra.

  At that time, the British used cotton as a sharp weapon and dumped it all over the world, destroying the textile industry in various countries. Not satisfied with making a lot of money, they even started the opium trade.

  In a sense, Britain's glory is based on "colonization", "dumping" and "drugs".

  Now that the lid is lifted, it is naturally not the conscience of the British who have discovered it. It is mainly because in the cruel market competition, they have changed from dumpers to dumped ones.

  What you sow, you will reap. Britain fell behind in the second industrial revolution, and its emerging industries were completely outclassed by Shinra. Some subdivisions were simply blank.

  The cotton textile industry, which originally had an advantage, has also been impacted by national capital from various countries, and its development has been very unsatisfactory in recent years.

  There is no way. Who makes the textile industry the first step in the industrialization of all countries?
  Rather than saying that HRE is competing with Britain, it is better to say that all industrialized countries are competing with Britain.

  In comparison, Shinra's situation is much better.

  Whether it is electric power, internal combustion engine automobile industry, petrochemical industry, pharmaceutical biology, or various types of machinery and equipment manufacturing, they all need the support of science and technology, and the threshold is inherently higher than that of the textile industry.

  Countries that have just begun to industrialize do not have the ability to develop in-depth in these fields, so there is naturally no impact.

  Since his family can no longer afford this bowl of rice, the British, as a troublemaker, will naturally overturn the table.

  It seems that the British are "opposing commodity dumping", but in fact they are paving the way for "disintegration of the free trade system."

  Not only the British but also the Vienna government had done things like smashing pots that harmed others and not benefited oneself.

  You know, Franz was the first emperor to publicly call for the ban on opium, and he led all countries in the world to ban drugs.

  Affected by this, it directly led to the premature collapse of the British drug empire. Otherwise, Britain's foreign trade deficit would not be as serious as it is now.

  According to the progress of the original time and space, the British drug empire gradually collapsed after the opium cultivation industry developed in various countries and profits were diluted by fighting drug with drug.

  Things have turned, and now it is the Vienna government's turn to have a headache. As the world's largest industrial country, the demand for the commodity sales market is self-evident.

  Once the free trade system collapses and the era of trade barriers arrives, import and export trade will definitely be greatly affected, which will definitely be a major blow to the economy of the Shinra.

  In comparison, other rumors are not worth mentioning. In this age of the weak and the strong, the "HRE threat theory" has brought not only the suspicion of various countries, but also deep fear.

  I can’t make you obey me, and it’s the same thing if I make you fear me. In a sense, this shameless spirit is also learned from the British.

  It can only be said that times will change people, and they can also change a country. As the overlord of an era, there is always something worth learning from.

  No matter how deep the conflict between HRE and Britain is, it cannot affect the Vienna government to learn from the British how to be a hegemon.

  To be precise, Crown Prince Frederick wanted to learn from the British. As for Emperor Franz, who was already in a semi-retired state, he was now past the age of learning.

  When the Holy Roman Empire has fully achieved hegemony, Franz will officially retire. The question of how to become a hegemon was something that Frederick needed to consider.

  "When you encounter something that you don't know where to start, just hold it in for the first time."

  Frederick has been taught this truth since he was a child, so he has no shortage of patience. In fact, any guy who has been a prince for more than 40 years will not lack patience.

  If you look through the history books, you will know that princes with a bad mentality usually die young. Compared to many of his colleagues, Frederick was already lucky, at least he took power early.

  You must know that Edward VII, who was also the prince, was not allowed to contact politics until he was fifty years old.

  As for the future Prince Charles, who is known as the lifetime series, whether he can survive the long wait for the queen is still unknown.

  Of course, what is even more tragic is that this prince does not even have a chance to take power. All he is waiting for is a rubber stamp crown.

  ...

  Vienna Palace
  Foreign Minister Frankl: "Your Highness, the United States of America has sent a diplomatic note, hoping to obtain the right to dig the Panama Canal."

  The "Panama Canal" was dug by the French decades ago. Unfortunately, when Napoleon III was busy expanding into Italy, Panama fell into Austrian hands.

  Encountering an uncooperative colonial government, the construction of the Panama Canal would naturally not go smoothly. It went on and on for several years and finally ended with the bankruptcy of the canal company.

  Just because the French are gone doesn’t mean the Panama Canal is over. In fact, there were many people within the Holy Roman Empire who wanted to dig this golden waterway.

  It is a pity that no matter what kind of excavation plan was in the hands of the Vienna government, it was eventually rejected.

  Anyone with a discerning eye knows that this is a political issue. The capitalists in Shinra have all experienced severe beatings from society and do not have the courage to confront the government.

  In the days that followed, the Panama Canal seemed to be forgotten and no one mentioned it again.

  This situation has continued until recent years. With the vigorous development of the capitalist world economy, transportation has become an important factor restricting the development of the western states of the United States.

  Railway transportation could not meet the demand, and shipping had to circle half a circle around the earth. The United States urgently needed to dig a canal to shorten the distance between the east and west coasts.

  After hearing this not unexpected news, Frederick laughed and said: "Whatever conditions the Americans have given, you can't just come over and get nothing, right?"

  Negotiating conditions is a must, and Panama is under pressure. The non-development of the canal itself was a means by which HRE suppressed the development of the Americans.

  Now that the U.S. government has opened its mouth, even if it is just a test, it cannot be open to any conditions.

  It's enough for a white wolf to bully a small country, but to do that to a hegemonic country is just asking for abuse. Not only will it be ineffective, it will also worsen the diplomatic relations between the two countries.

  Foreign Secretary Frankl smiled slightly and said: "The Americans did not give clear conditions, but during the contact process, their Secretary of State made hints.

  As long as we are willing to give up the Panama Canal Zone, in the next battle for hegemony, They just support us.

  Of course, this should be part of the conditions, and they should want more.

  After all, great powers do not often compete for hegemony. The Americans probably think they are very important and want to take the opportunity to tear off a piece of flesh. ."

  By proposing such conditions, the United States is naturally not without aim.

  From a purely economic perspective, the United States of America is already the fourth most powerful country in the world after HRE, Britain and the Russian Empire.

  The total industrial output is even higher than that of the Russians, second only to the HRE and Britain. Because of its struggle with the Southern Confederacy, the United States also maintained a Continental Army.

  According to the current internationally recognized view, the United States of America is the fifth most powerful country in the world after Spain. Many people even believe that the United States is stronger than Spain.

  With such a strong family background, the United States will naturally have the confidence to take sides in the upcoming battle for hegemony between Shinra and Britain.

  At least in the Americas, whichever company the United States supports will have an advantage in the competition in the Americas.

  Especially in recent years, the London government's continuous wooing has made Americans realize their importance and want to take advantage of the opportunity.

  There is no doubt that for sellers, the more buyers the better. The British bid alone was obviously not as good as Shinra and Britain bidding together.

  Frederick nodded: "The Americans don't have a big appetite. They don't ask us to support them in annexing the Confederacy, which should be considered restraint.

  It's a pity that we don't need them now, and we have no interest in helping them carry their sedan chairs." They don't want any benefits from their British masters."

  It was obvious that Frederick had no good impression of this kind of young man. The closer he got to the world hegemon, the deeper Frederick studied.

  When it comes to choosing allies, Frederick still prefers countries that can form long-term alliances, rather than those who are destined to rebel.

  The Vienna government has not tried to win over the United States. It is not because the United States has no strength, but mainly because there is a serious conflict of interests between the two countries.

  The reason is very simple. Once the Holy Roman Empire becomes the world's hegemon, it will have far greater control over the world than the British.

  After all, the British are only a sea power, while the HRE develops sea power and land power together. Not only is the military strength stronger, but the overall national power of Shinra is strong.

  For small and weak countries, this is not a bad thing. At least the Vienna government's food is much better than that of the British, and they don't like to cause trouble, so everyone's life will be easier.

  For regional hegemons like the United States of America, things aren't so great.

  "American America", go back to sleep first, and you will have everything when you fall asleep.

  If nothing else, at least there is no hope for reunification.

  If the British want to prevent the reunification of the United States, the most they can do is support the south with economic sanctions and weapons and equipment; if it were the Holy Roman Empire, they would send troops themselves.

  Facing an opponent with low potential like Britain, you can slowly catch up through farming; if you encounter a giant like Shinra, you will always be suppressed.

  The facts are before our eyes, so when it comes to wooing overseas allies, the Vienna government behaves quite Buddhist.

  Generally speaking, after the British government has finished recruiting people, the Vienna government will directly take over their enemies.

  For example, when the United States was wooed by the British government, the Alliance went to Shinra themselves, even saving the cost of wooing allies.

  Although slightly weaker in strength, the Vienna government itself is not prepared to rely on the power of its allies in this fight for hegemony. As long as someone follows them and shouts, it is enough.

  Prime Minister Chandler reminded: "Your Highness, we still need to get in touch with the United States. At least we must look very sincere to put pressure on the Alliance.

  As far as I know, the Alliance has not been very peaceful recently. , have already extended their hands to northern Mexico. If we don’t give it a try, they might invade Mexico again one day.”

  “Ambition” is something that every country will have, and it is nothing more than a matter of size.

  The United States wanted to reunify, and the Confederates also wanted to increase their strength. Especially in recent years, the land in the Confederate States has been almost fully developed, and farmers have set their sights overseas.

  When you open the map, you will see that there are only a few neighbors in the Confederate States, and they have no choice at all.

  Frankly speaking, farmers have a much stronger desire for land than capitalists. For farmers, land is wealth.

  In contrast, capitalists have little demand for land, and they value economic interests more.

  Of course, this is also directly related to the force value. Generally speaking, capitalists are usually more afraid of death. It is really embarrassing for them to go to the battlefield with guns.

  After pondering for a moment, Frederick said slowly: "If this is the case, then we might as well grant the right to dig the Panama Canal to the Americans.

  Anyway, the canal cannot be dug in a day or two. We can still Put forward some restrictive conditions and delay the progress of the project.

  It is estimated that before the canal is opened to navigation, the game between us and the British will come to an end.

  If the United States really turns to us, that's it. If they are flirting with the British, Then as a punishment for being on the wrong team, it is natural for us to take back the Panama Canal."

  The premise of all this is that Shinra wins the battle for hegemony, and only the winner has the right to speak. But if we really lose the game, Panama will not be able to save it.

  This is not the first time that the Vienna government has blackmailed the ownership of the canal. The Suez Canal was originally shared by France and Austria. After the European War, the canal had nothing to do with the French.

  In the long run, the Panama Canal will be opened sooner or later. Once the hegemony of the Holy Roman Empire was stable, the Vienna government would also dig a canal.

  This is determined by interests. The golden waterways flow not only gold, but also the lifeline of the American economy.

  Holding this lifeline, coupled with Shinra's strong strength, the Americans cannot help but be disobedient.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1094. Chapter 1073 Evil Free Trade-69 Book Bar
2020-12-02Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1073 Evil Free Trade

  The spring breeze of reform is blowing across the British Isles, but Britain has not been able to change its face. It's not that reform is impossible, the key is how to reform.

  The domestic economy continues to decline, which has stimulated the British. The elite group knows that Britain has reached a fork in the road and must carry out social reforms.

  Despite the economic problems, Britain is still at its peak. The saying of prosperity and decline is not popular in the European world. Looking through the history books of Britain, they have only been awesome this time.

  If the rise of the Holy Roman Empire hadn't put increased pressure on them, it is estimated that most British people would not even have a sense of crisis.

  In fact, even now, the British do not have a strong sense of crisis and do not believe that the powerful British Empire is at risk of overthrowing.

  There was no way, Shinra was too calm. Even if a super battleship is built, it will only go out for a while and then go back.

  The originally anticipated arms race, because the Vienna government failed to follow up in time, made the British lose interest.

  After all, there are still a lot of old-fashioned warships in Britain. If a "dumpling contest" is initiated at this time, all the old-fashioned warships in front will be scrapped.

  Landlords also have no surplus food, especially during the downturn of the domestic economy. The government's fiscal revenue does not rise but falls, and the budget needs to save some money.

  Anyway, with the protection of the strait, as long as the Royal Navy's advantage remains, everyone will not panic.

  If external pressure is not enough, internal unity will naturally fail. After all, reform is a double-edged sword. Some people benefit from it, and some people suffer from it.

  Vested interest groups are unwilling to give up their interests, and conflicts arise. Since the beginning of reform, the British Parliament has fallen into a noisy mode.

  The British government these days has very limited powers. Not only is there a parliamentary restriction, there is also a king suppressing it.

  As the king who restored Britain's monarchy to glory, Edward VII was no rubber stamp. If the cabinet government wants to do whatever it wants, it is simply impossible.

  The conservatives are powerful and the internal constraints of the government are so great. Naturally, the reform progress of the Campbell government cannot be accelerated.

  For a big country, reform should naturally be slow rather than urgent. It doesn't matter if you go slower, but if you go faster, it will cause big problems.

  But for enterprises, the situation is completely different. Fortunately, traditional industries have built a moat and can survive even if there are shocks.

  The real unlucky ones are emerging industries. Due to the small local market in Britain, it was inherently deficient. In addition, it started a step slowly. Before it could fully develop, competitors came over.

  The most typical of these are the machinery and equipment manufacturing and automobile industry chains. Related companies have either gone bankrupt or are on the verge of bankruptcy.

  …

  Stepping out of the government office building, McCall's smiling face had disappeared. As the boss of Britain's leading high-end machine tool manufacturer, it stands to reason that McCall's little life should have been very fulfilling.

  The reality is just the opposite. Because of misjudgments in the second industrial revolution, McCall's machine tool factory has always focused on traditional fields.

  Not only him, but all British machine tool manufacturers have plunged into the field of steam engines and have no layout in the emerging electric field at all.

  With the large-scale popularization of electricity, electric power has also emerged and gradually occupied a dominant position in industrial production.

  One step is slow, each step is slow.

  By the time McCall reacted, competitors' products had already entered the British Isles. With its excellent performance and low running costs, it quickly grabbed a big piece of the cake from them.

  Thanks to the conservatism of British capital, which was not diligent in replacing equipment, and the fact that steam engines still had merit and were not completely eliminated, McCall's factory still survived.

  However, with the strong entry of competitors, a large chunk of their orders were still taken away, especially in overseas markets, almost all of which were lost.

  The market share has been reduced. In order to survive, the British machine tool companies that chose the wrong path have been passively trapped in a cruel price war.

  Even leading companies are no exception. After all, now they are only the leader of Britain, not the leader of the world. Compared with international peers, McCall's company has lagged behind in terms of comprehensive technology.

  Changing the track is easy to say, but it is not so easy to do it on a new track.

  In order to survive, McCall had to turn to the government for help.

  Don't talk about "free economy and opposition to government interference in the market." Those are slogans shouted when needed; now they are no longer needed, so naturally they should be thrown away.

  As a leader in the "high-tech" industry, there are always some privileges. Regardless of whether the technology has lagged behind its international counterparts, McCall's machine tool factory is still the No. 1 player in China.

  As long as the London government does not want to see the high-end machine tool field fall into the control of competitors, it must support local companies.

  For his own benefit, McCall, a young boy who once advocated free trade, has now become a staunch supporter of "trade barriers".

  There is no way, without resorting to extraordinary means, normal business competition cannot defeat competitors at all.

  Even if McCall ruthlessly increases the R&D budget by 50,000 pounds, it will still be far from being comparable to the investment of competitors.

  It is technologically backward and has insufficient investment in R&D. It is obviously a dream to rely on technological breakthroughs to overwhelm its competitors.

  It is not impossible to continue to increase investment, but McCall is first and foremost a capitalist. For capitalists, profit comes first. As long as you can make money, it doesn't matter whether you can outperform your competitors.

  If we really invest unlimited amounts of money, we may be able to catch up technically, but the return on investment is definitely not impressive.

  If you can't make money, it's useless even if you become number one in the world.

  Investors have only one requirement for a company—to make money; and there is only one indicator for evaluating whether a company is excellent—whether it makes enough money.

  McCall has long passed the age of second grade, so naturally he will not spend all his wealth on it just for a name.

  Instead of conducting scientific research and trade, it is better to engage in political public relations and directly block competitors from the country.

  The domestic market alone may not be able to make companies make a lot of money, but it can at least ensure long-term profits.

  As long as there is enough time, McCall believes that his company will definitely catch up and then compete with international competitors for the market.

  As for how long this time will last, no one knows. It may be three to five years, or it may be twenty or thirty years. Anyway, there is always hope.

  ...

  No matter how the situation changes, as long as life goes on, a banquet is always indispensable.

  After leaving Government Street, McCall drove a luxury car produced by Shinra towards the suburbs, with his destination being a manor called "Petel".

  Tonight, there is a banquet organized by business leaders here. As an important member of the industrial and commercial community, McCall was also invited.

  Even though he arrived early, the manor was still buzzing with people, and it was obvious that many people suspected the same thing.

  I don’t know since when, “banquet” is no longer just a “banquet”. Most of the time, people attending banquets have their own purposes.

  Entering the venue, McCall found his own little circle. McCall used to be the center of attention at banquets, with a crowd of people fawning over him wherever he went.

  Unfortunately, the good times did not last long. As competition in the machine tool industry intensifies, the voice of machine tool companies in the market continues to decrease.

  Gone are the days when production orders were scheduled a few years later and goods were obtained through connections.

  In order for the company to survive, McCall had to put down his face, actively participate in social activities, and strive to maintain relationships with customers.

  Of course, this alone is not enough. Capital pursues profits, and if the product quality is not good, no matter how good the relationship is, it will not matter.

  One of the important factors that can maintain the current basic market is that everyone is in the same consortium and has a certain proportion of cross-shareholdings.

  We are a community of interests. When the products are of comparable cost performance, we are still more willing to use our own products.

  The performance is incomparable, so the price can only be sacrificed. The machine tool industry, which was originally a hugely profitable industry, has reached cabbage prices in recent times.

  The pure machine tool business is now losing money on every machine it sells. If it were not for after-sales service and it could still make money, McCall's machine tool company could consider closing down now.

  After grabbing a glass of wine and clinking it with the visitor, McCall smiled and asked, "Byron, I haven't seen you for a long time. How have you been lately?"

  No matter how much pressure he felt inside, McCall always treated his customers Everyone has a lot of enthusiasm. It is this positive marketing attitude that allows McCall to overwhelm his domestic peers and secure his position as the leader in the segmented track.

  The middle-aged man shook his head and replied with a wry smile: "It's very bad. The damn Austrians are like rats, constantly grabbing our wealth.

  I haven't had a comfortable day since they launched a new model last year. days. To tell you the truth, I have made three layoffs since the beginning of the year."

  This is no secret. Just look at the brands of cars running on the streets and you will know what life is like for British automobile companies.

  The characteristic of industrialization is that the more products of the same type are produced, the lower the production cost of a single product is.

  The British automobile industry started not late, it can even be said to be very early. As early as 1680, the famous British scientist Newton envisioned a jet car. Although jet cars were not a success, the idea of ​​automobiles was proposed.

  In 1804, British engineer Richard Trevithick built the world's first steam engine car, kicking off the British automobile industry.

  It's a pity that the winner at the beginning was beaten to bronze in the end. The history of automobile development thereafter moved from Britain to France, and then to HRE.

  Steam engine cars are also cars. Although they are not very convenient, they are still very valuable in certain situations, so they are still produced in small quantities.

  Logically speaking, British automobile companies with industrial heritage should not be left behind. The key to the problem lies in the second industrial revolution.

  Having missed the wave of the second industrial revolution and failing to keep up with internal combustion engine technology, car engines have become the biggest shortcoming in the British automotive industry.

  If the performance of our own engines cannot keep up, we can only import them from overseas. Anyway, this is the era of free trade, and you can buy whatever you want.

  The core technology is controlled by others, and it is impossible not to pay the price. The most direct manifestation is that the production cost has increased.

  It's just that the engine is expensive, it's bearable, but at worst, you'll make less money.

  The problem is that Britain's automobile production capacity is very low, and the output of spare parts is also not high. The cost of production will naturally be reduced.

  Most locally produced spare parts are not only more expensive than imported ones, but their performance cannot keep up.

  There is no support for domestic production. Capital's pursuit of profit naturally means buying products with high cost performance. The direct consequence is that British automobile manufacturers have turned into automobile assembly plants.

  In addition to carrying the name of a car manufacturer and having an extra car logo, their work can also be done by auto repair shops outside.

  With the development of technology, information is becoming more and more transparent. After discovering this, more and more auto repair shops started to cross-border, intensifying market competition.

  Domestic competition was already very fierce, but we didn't expect that international competitors would come over again. With their performance advantages, many Shinra car brands have gained a firm foothold.

  First of all, the high-end brands fell. If you look at the cars in the manor, you will know that they are almost all imported cars.

  Including Byron, a car manufacturer, the cars are also imported. There is no way, our own products are actually inferior in performance. For the sake of life safety, everyone knows what choice to make.

  If the high-end market is lost, it will be lost. There will not be much sales in the first place. Before the influx of imported cars, the most important means of transportation in British society was horse-drawn carriages.

  Things are different now, with a large influx of cheap cars following suit. Assembly factories without core technologies will naturally not have a good life, and a large amount of market share will be squeezed out.

  In order for the company to survive, Byron had to choose to lay off employees and reduce production. But these can only solve urgent needs, and are far from enough to survive the crisis.

  The customer was having a hard time, so McCall naturally couldn't raise the issue of the order. In a sense, everyone is in the same boat now.

  If we want to live a comfortable life, we can only destroy the free trade system first and rely on tariff barriers to protect the market.

  "Be optimistic my friend, it will get better. The difficulties are only temporary, and the main problem is the free trade system.

  Without this system, we would be able to increase tariffs to protect the market and buy time for companies to develop.

  The Austrians were If they had not implemented trade barrier policies, they would never have become the world's largest industrial power."

  Lying is also a skill, and as a qualified capitalist, this is the most basic survival skill.

  Although McCall himself does not believe that Britain's industry can catch up with the past by relying on trade protection, he must not be timid in terms of momentum.

  After raising the glass and clinking it, Byron drank it down in one gulp, and then said with hatred: "My friend, you are right.

  It's all the fault of the evil Free Trade Agreement. If it weren't for this treaty, Britain's wealth will not be embezzled by others.

  For the sake of Britain, we must correct this mistake. We must not let this damn treaty continue to poison Britain's future..." ...

  (

  End of Chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1095. Chapter 1074 The Rise of the Far East-69 Book Bar
2020-12-03 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1074: The Storm in the Far East:

  Where there are people, there are rivers and lakes. Once interests are involved, everything becomes complicated.

  Some people oppose "free trade", while others support it. Not everyone is a victim of "free trade". On the contrary, there are also many industries in Britain that are beneficiaries of free trade.

  For example: coal industry.

  Since the beginning of the last century, Britain has been the world's largest coal exporter. Today, nearly a third of the UK's coal capacity is exported.

  Once they withdraw from the free trade system, the good days of coal bosses will come to an end. With tariff barriers in place, British coal would lose its cost advantage.

  If the energy industry cannot monopolize the market, their core competitiveness is cost. Without the cost advantage, it is almost inevitable that the market will be occupied by others.

  Another example: the textile industry.

  Although the textile industry has been severely impacted by the wave of industrialization, Britain remains the world's number one textile exporter.

  Because the economic development market has become larger, even though the share of British textiles in the international market has shrunk, the total textile exports have not dropped much.

  The data is all false, only making money is real. No matter what the future market prospects are, at least it is still profitable for now.

  Once they withdraw from the free trade system, no one of these export-oriented companies will have a good life.

  Driven by interests, Britain's industrial and commercial circles have become divided. The palms and backs of the hands are full of flesh, and the conglomerate bosses who control industry and commerce behind the scenes are also having a headache.

  Decisions about who to support and who to oppose are never taken for granted. In essence, a consortium is a group of capital interests and does not have strong binding force.

  The power of a consortium is when everyone's interests are aligned. Now that there are differences within the members, the power of the consortium has actually been weakened to the extreme.

  If the interests of some members are seriously harmed, the consortium may split in minutes. In this context, all the consortium bosses can do is try their best to reconcile the conflicts between the parties.

  Capital is internally divided, and the issue of whether to withdraw from the free trade system cannot be settled immediately.

  Without trade barriers to protect the market, the London government's economic stimulus policies would be in vain.

  Regardless of how policies are stimulated, an industry that doesn't work will always be bad. If the product is not competitive in the market, no matter how many preferential policies it is given, it will be useless.

  If economic problems cannot be solved, political reform will become even more difficult. Except for the passage of the Industrial Disputes Bill involving the economy, most of the reform proposals submitted by the Campbell government were rejected by the House of Lords.

  For example: reducing the power of the House of Lords, supporting the implementation of self-government in Ireland, and granting higher autonomy to the colonies...

  With so many moving cheese reform plans proposed, life for the Campbell government soon became difficult.

  In order to protect their own interests, the conservatives were forced to unite together, using the parliament as their position, and started a "war of words" with the reformists.

  ...

  Downing Street, the official residence of the Prime Minister.

  Looking into the distance through the window, Prime Minister Campbell sighed deeply. His mood at the moment was similar to the weather in London, which was gray.

  As a sign of the advent of the industrial age, London has been shrouded in smog since the last century.

  Especially in winter, it is common for visibility to be less than fifty meters. If it hadn't been for the invention of fog lights, it would be impossible to drive in London in the winter.

  The weather was so bad that Campbell couldn't care less. Since the beginning of the reform, he has never had a good night's sleep, and countless troubles come to his door every day.

  Conservatives and reformists are at loggerheads, and the conflict between the two sides has almost become public. The battlefield has spread from the initial parliament to the whole society.

  Radio newspapers and periodicals were the main battlefield for debate between the two sides.

  "What the public says is right, and what the mother-in-law says is right."

  As the debate unfolded, not only ordinary people, but also intellectuals and middle-class elites were confused.

  In fact, Campbell himself is a bit confused. Although he proposed the reform policy, after listening to the opposition's reasons, Campbell was not sure that the reform could succeed.

  The persimmon needs to be squeezed by the weak, and political reform should be put aside for now. The most important thing now is to reform the economy and reverse the deteriorating economic situation in the country.

  Only when economic reform is successful and sufficient prestige is established can political reform be further promoted.

  After releasing his emotions, Campbell turned around and asked, "Who has the upper hand now?"

  Unlike other countries, there is not a big power gap between the reformers and conservatives in Britain.

  Then a strange scene occurred. During the debate, no one was able to overwhelm the other.

  Today the reformists have the upper hand, and tomorrow the conservatives have the upper hand. No one knows what the final outcome will be.

  The confusing situation has made speculators in the government afraid to take sides. How can reform proceed without the help of bureaucrats?

  Interior Minister Azevedo: "There is no result yet. The die-hards are too powerful, and it may be difficult to determine the winner in a short period of time. However, the

  agricultural guilds we have roped in have made some moves, and it is also in line with the decision to withdraw from the free trade system. Their interests."

  Compared with the industrial and commercial circles, the British farmers are the real tragedy. Limited by geological conditions, there is not much land suitable for agricultural development in the British Isles, and the cost of agricultural production is relatively high.

  Faced with the impact of foreign agricultural products, British agriculture can be said to be "only able to resist, but not able to fight back."

  But they can't make a fuss yet, because Britain's food production simply cannot meet their needs.

  Since it is imported food, the cheaper it is, the better. All sectors of society stand together, and the interests of farmers will naturally be sacrificed.

  Those whose interests were harmed were not only ordinary farmers, but also farmers and land-owning nobles.

  They have a say in politics, but their power is obviously much weaker compared to the industrial and commercial circles.

  In order to change this passive situation, these people organized agricultural guilds. Join forces in politics to fight for your own interests.

  It can be seen from the sales prices of agricultural products on the market that the agricultural guilds have not achieved the goals that everyone expected.

  It’s not that the agricultural guilds don’t work hard, it’s mainly that the politicians are too shameless. Say one thing before taking the stage, and do another thing after taking the stage.

  After investing many times, they all ended in failure, so that everyone lost confidence.

  If they weren't afraid of being cheated, these guys would have already participated. The abolition of the free trade system and the implementation of tariff barriers would be a major benefit to agriculture.

  Prime Minister Campbell nodded and sighed: "It's better to be like this! Otherwise, if this stalemate continues, it will do too much harm to the country."

  The matter of the agricultural guild was not mentioned, and it was obvious that Campbell was not prepared to fulfill his promise.

  There is no way around this. Britain's food production is limited and cannot meet its own needs. Imports are inevitable.

  Protecting agriculture means rising prices for agricultural products, which will inevitably increase the pressure on the working class to survive, and corporate labor costs will also rise accordingly.

  Capitalists are not vegetarians. Every increase in labor costs has been won by the working class with their lives.

  One downside is the nationwide strike wave. Just thinking about the dire consequences is enough to make any politician cringe.

  ...

  Foreign Secretary Adam Wingard: "Don't just focus on domestic troubles. Recently, there have been a lot of troubles internationally. The

  civil war in Venezuela continues. The faction we support lost in the war, and the empire was also involved locally. The expansion has been blocked.

  Not long ago, Washington reached an agreement with the Vienna government and obtained the right to dig the Panama Canal, ending the frozen diplomacy between the two countries since the Civil War.

  Recently, something happened in the Far East, and the conflict between the Russians and the Japanese Intensification may even lead to the possibility of war.

  ..."

  As a global empire, it is inevitable to pay attention to changes in the international situation. Of course, Britain is not just paying attention, but actively participating.

  Adam Wingard said so many international events, all of which were directly related to Britain, and were even planned by them.

  For example: the most inconspicuous Venezuelan civil war was one of the British government’s expansion plans in America.

  It's just that they started the beginning and failed to determine the end. No one expected that an ordinary civil war would last for several years due to the intervention of international forces.

  Now it is coming to an end, but the tragedy is that the side supported by the British government lost the civil war.

  There is nothing that can be done about it. Who gives Britain a bad reputation and doesn't pay attention to her food and appearance?

  Because it rose a step too late, Shinra did not have time to expand its power to Venezuela, and naturally there was no hatred.

  The main purpose of participating in the Venezuelan Civil War was to create obstacles for Britain, and had no intention of invading Venezuela at all.

  On one side are the British who are invading their homeland, and on the other are the Shinra who are specifically trying to create obstacles for the British. Venezuelan people of insight know who to support even with their eyes closed.

  In ordinary proxy wars, the big BOSS mainly issues loans and sells arms. Naturally, the one with the most help will win.

  Venezuela these days is not the oil power that it will be in the future. Except for the slightly fertile land, it is basically nothing, and it is not worth mentioning at all.

  A few minor setbacks could not shake Britain's dominance. The failure of the proxy war only proves that the supported agents are not good, but it does not mean that the British Empire is not strong.

  In contrast, the Washington government's move closer to Vienna is truly cause for alarm.

  The core of international politics is interests. Changing jobs and changing bosses is a routine operation. As long as the Vienna government is willing to bid, it is not impossible to win over the United States.

  It's not like similar operations have never happened. Many of Shinra's current younger brothers were poached from them.

  It's okay if a small country is poached. If the only ally of a big country is poached, the London government will be in trouble.

  Prime Minister Campbell: "For Venezuela's problem, let's take it one step at a time. If there is a chance, we will fight back again. If there is no chance, we will give up temporarily. On the other hand, the

  Washington government and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs still need to pay more attention and not at the critical moment. Something went wrong.

  Emperor Franz the Great seemed gentle, but in fact he was an out-and-out hegemon. It was impossible to tolerate an existence that might threaten HRE.

  From their occupation of Central America, the Americans were stuck. neck, it can be seen that the Vienna government will not allow the birth of a great country in the Americas.

  With this fundamental contradiction, under normal circumstances, it is impossible for the Washington government to turn to them.

  But accidents may happen in everything. If the Vienna government wants to win Hegemony, if the Americans are allowed to annex Canada, the Washington government may really be tempted.

  As for the conflict between Japan and Russia, it is part of our plan. Let’s let their hatred grow deeper!

  The bait has been put down. With the greed of the bears, as long as the Siberian Railway is open to traffic, they will inevitably invade eastward.

  Now a conflict has broken out with the Japanese. It seems that the Russians are really impatient and unwilling to wait even for such a short time. "

  As an ancestor who dug holes to bury people, Britain considers itself the second best when it comes to provoking troubles, and no country dares to call itself the boss.

  Before the Siberian Railway was opened to traffic, the conflict between Japan and Russia was provoked first. With Mao There is a problem with Xiong's unwillingness to suffer losses and not seeking bad luck from the Japanese.

  ...

  The British government is making preparations, and the Vienna government is not idle either. Everyone is preparing for the next game.

  I have to admit that The Russians are so big-hearted that they have not even concealed the construction progress of the Siberian Railway from the outside world.

  Thanks to the selfless dedication of a group of free laborers, the construction progress of the Siberian Railway has been much faster than the outside world expected.

  Perhaps it is because the United States The Chinese railway technical team is very capable, or perhaps the French workers do not feel bad when they die. In short, the construction of the Siberian Railway is progressing very smoothly.

  In the words of French writer Romain Rolland - "Every sleeper on the Siberian Railway is made of French workers." "Sold out of blood and flesh."

  Franz strongly agreed with this statement.

  According to intelligence from within the tsarist government, in the past few years, more than 250,000 French workers have sacrificed their lives for the construction of the Siberian Railway.

  Whether they died of freezing, illness, starvation, exhaustion, or accidental death on the construction site is no longer important.

  Anyway, the French will bear this debt on the Russians.

  From now on Judging from the situation, there is a high possibility that the French laborers who entered the Russian Empire will not be able to go back. There is

  no way. The Russian Empire is so big and there are so many infrastructure projects. The tsarist government needs this kind of free and affordable death. , and a labor force without any future troubles.

  The grudge of the French is nothing at all. Even if France turns over one day, it is impossible to cross the HRE to retaliate.

  ...

  Vienna Palace
  "The construction speed of the Siberian Railway, out of Beyond our expectations, it is much faster than the Central Asia Railway.

  According to the Russians, the Siberian Railway could be opened to traffic in 1905. By then the biggest obstacle restricting the Russians' eastward advance would be removed.

  Once the railway is opened to traffic, the Far Eastern Empire and the Japanese alone may not be a match for the Russians. Especially since the two countries had a war a few years ago, it is difficult to unite.

  In order to limit the development of the Russians, I am ready to strengthen..."

  Before Frederick could finish speaking, Franz interrupted: "The Siberian Railway and the Central Asian Railway are different.

  The Central Asian Railway that we helped build is a double-track railway, while the Siberian Railway that the Americans helped design is a single-track railway.

  Even if the train is really opened, how many trains do you think the Siberian Railway can send every day?
  With such a small amount of transportation capacity, there is no problem in supplying daily needs. Once a war breaks out, the Russians will immediately feel the logistical pressure.

  Besides, don’t you think it’s strange that Americans help the government build railways?

  The Siberian Railway does not make money. The operating income can offset the daily maintenance expenses. It is God’s blessing.

  I think except for the British who want to divert trouble to the east, I am afraid no one can be so generous.

  The stage is set and I don’t believe the British are unprepared. Next, it is enough for us to secretly add fuel to the flames, and the British government will arrange the rest. ”

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1096. Chapter 1075 Plan Exposed-69 Book Bar
2020-12-04 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1075: Plan Exposed
  In St. Petersburg, after receiving the news from the Far East, Nicholas II was on the verge of going berserk.

  The cause and effect of the matter is no longer important. Anyway, when the conflict between Japan and Russia in the Far East broke out, in the eyes of Nicholas II, it was the Japanese who were provoking it.

  The old accounts have not been settled with the Japanese government, and now the Japanese dare to provoke us again, of course they cannot be tolerated.

  If it were not for the fact that the Siberian Railway was not open to traffic and logistical pressure restricted military operations, Nicholas II would have wished to destroy Japan right now.

  Of course, this is just a thought. The international situation is so complicated that only a fool would rashly start a war.

  It is true that the tsarist government is preparing to move eastward, but when and under what circumstances it will move eastward must be carefully considered.

  "Every time you suffer, you gain wisdom."

  In recent decades, the Russian Empire has not suffered less from the war. It has suffered more losses, and the tsarist government has also been sublimated.

  Sometimes going south, sometimes moving eastward, it seems that the strategic goals are erratic, but in fact, is this not a kind of political wisdom?

  Against the backdrop of Britain and the HRE competing for hegemony, the Russian Empire, as the world's third most powerful country, had no joy at all but only deep fear.

  There is no way. If you want to compete for world hegemony, the strength of the Russian Empire is too weak; if you want to fish in troubled waters and benefit from it, the strength of the Russian Empire is too strong.

  Although relations between Russia and Austria are very good, the two governments are still full of suspicion and distrust. The Vienna government is not at ease with Russia, let alone the British.

  In a sense, the better the current Russian Empire does, the easier it will be to arouse the fear of the two hegemons.

  Although Nicholas II was a little indecisive, he was definitely not a fool. The old ministers left behind by Alexander III are still there, and the tsarist government has not yet slipped into the abyss.

  Combining the struggle for hegemony between HRE and Britain can indeed be very profitable in the short term. Once the winner is decided between the two countries, it will be the Russian Empire's turn to be unlucky.

  With the size of the Russian Empire, no matter who is the boss, they will be deeply afraid of it, and suppression is inevitable.

  It's even worse if you don't take sides. The strength of the Russian Empire has been able to determine the outcome of this hegemonic struggle to a certain extent. Neither Vienna nor London can tolerate the existence of such unstable factors.

  Such a situation is naturally not what the tsarist government wants. The best outcome is naturally that both Britain and HRE will suffer losses, and the Russian Empire will take the opportunity to rise.

  Obviously, this is impossible. Both HRE and Britain have their own advantages. It is almost impossible to expect the two countries to end together in the confrontation.

  From the standpoint of the tsarist government, it can only choose to settle for the next best thing. Before this battle for hegemony breaks out, it can gain as much benefit as possible and strengthen its own strength.

  Whether it is moving south to India or east to East Asia, if any strategy is completed, Russia will be reborn and once again stand at the top of the world.

  Unfortunately, it is very difficult to implement either of these two strategies. The tsarist government had already tried and failed.

  As early as more than ten years ago in the Anglo-Russian War, the tsarist government tested Britain's strength. With the lobster soldiers as the core and a steady stream of Indian cannon fodder, the gray animals will also have their scalps numb.

  Of course, this was not a reason for the Tsarist government to abandon India. Although the enemy has a large number of troops, their combat effectiveness is not very good. Such weak persimmons have always been the favorite of the military.

  What really makes the Tsarist government fearful is the strong national power of the British Empire. As long as the London government does not give up, it can continue to fight them.

  Anyway, the British colonies didn't have much else but a large population. Even if they exchanged five for one or ten for one, the British government could afford to die.

  A population base of 500 million is the British's confidence. As it dragged on for a long time, the greatest Russian Empire was definitely the first to be unable to bear it.

  Even with the support of Shinra, it is useless. In the face of national interests, allies are all unreliable. No one can guarantee that the Vienna government will not stab them at a critical moment.

  The southward strategy was blocked, and the eastward strategy was not easy either. The enemy's strength is not that good, but the traffic is really bad.

  As early as a few years ago when the multinational coalition besieged the Far Eastern Empire, the tsarist government felt the pressure of logistics. The logistics for tens of thousands of troops cannot be supplied domestically and can only be purchased nearby from Japan.

  Once the eastward advance plan is officially implemented, it will not be a matter of tens of thousands of people. Without millions of troops, it is simply a dream to implement the "Yellow Russia Plan".

  The logistics of tens of thousands of troops can be purchased nearby, and the logistics of millions of troops, then no one dares to fake it.

  Even if the Tsarist government was willing to buy it, the Japanese would not be able to sell it. After all, once the Russians' eastward strategy is launched, they will face Japan.

  As long as the Tsarist government wanted to advance eastward, the only two independent countries in the Far East stood on the opposite side of the Russian Empire.

  There are many enemies to be feared, and the Tsarist government is not to be intimidated either. The crux of the problem still lies in logistics.

  Not to mention that the Siberian Railway has not yet been opened to traffic, even if it is already in operation. It is also a fantasy to expect a single-track railway to solve the logistical problems of a million-strong army.

  If we can't do it all at once, we can only gradually erode it. Unfortunately, the Tsarist government had just taken its first steps when it was attacked by the Japanese.

  What is even more troublesome is that with the power of the Russian Empire in the Far East, it is currently unable to do anything to the Japanese, and may even be threatened by Japan.

  Neither side is a big fat loser, but they are unable to swallow it for a while. Naturally, the greedy tsarist government does not want to give up on either side.

  The outside world believes that the Tsarist government's strategy is wavering, but the Russians themselves do not think so. In other words, it can be called a "flexible diplomatic strategy."

  As long as the international situation changes drastically, the Russian Empire can take the opportunity to move south or east, or even launch the two major strategies at the same time.

  The opportunity the Tsarist government was waiting for was naturally the hegemonic war between Britain and the HRE. As long as the two big bosses fight, the Russian Empire will be free to fly.

  Obviously, Nicholas II, as the proud son of heaven, is not someone who can endure. The Russian Empire had suffered losses in previous conflicts, and he couldn't stand it at first.

  Prime Minister Sergei Vitte: "Your Majesty, please calm down. We will settle the debts of the Japanese sooner or later. There is really no need to fight with a country that is destined to perish. On the

  surface, it is us who have suffered the loss now. But Thinking from another angle, bad things can also turn into good things.

  The Vienna government has always opposed our eastward expansion, and the expansion of the empire in the east in recent years has caused a rift in the relationship between the two countries.

  This opportunity now is the best period of repair. . We can take this opportunity to send a signal to the outside world, telling the Austrians that our eastward strategy has been frustrated.

  If necessary, we can also pretend to give up the Far East to confuse the outside world and provide cover for the eastward strategy.

  The Far East and There is no need to rush to deal with the Japanese conflict for the time being. It will not be too late to wait until the Siberian Railway is opened and then consider how to deal with it."

  Face is always less important than appearance, and the Russian Empire is also a flexible and adaptable master. For the sake of the national interest, Sergey Witte does not mind giving in first.

  As for destroying Japan, that is not something we talk about casually. Not long after Nicholas II took the throne, the Russian government formulated a comprehensive plan to destroy the sun.

  Of course, a plan is always a plan. Any country has a lot of strategic plans that are both reliable and unreliable.

  In a sense, the strategic plans of think tanks in various countries are a competition of ideas. It’s not about feasibility, it’s about who has the most imagination.

  Not to mention that all countries can realize it, but any country that can realize one tenth of it can become the leader of the earth.

  Compared with the crazy plan to conquer the world and land on the sun, destroying Japan is simply not worth mentioning. Among all the strategic plans of the Russian Empire, this is definitely one that ranks high in feasibility.

  After listening to the Prime Minister's persuasion, Nicholas II felt much better. After all, he is also a monarch with status and magnanimity, and he cannot argue with a "dead country".

  "Yeah!"

  "Then let them have fun for a few more days, and we will settle the new and old accounts with them later."

  It can be seen that Nicholas II still has not let go of the breath in his heart. It is estimated that when the time comes, he will seek the Japanese's bad luck.

  But this is not important anymore, everyone present also has no favorable impression of the Japanese. If there is no attack at the moment, it is because one's own strength does not allow it.

  Once the conditions are ripe, everyone wouldn't mind letting the Japanese learn what "the roar of the furry bear" is. When it comes to holding grudges, the Russians are definitely among the best in the world.

  Foreign Minister Mikhailovich: "Your Majesty, the real reason why the Americans helped us build the Siberian Railway has been found out.

  Based on the intelligence we collected from all parties and after in-depth analysis, we can confirm that there is a British influence behind it.

  Ministry of Foreign Affairs It is believed that the British deliberately led us to move eastward in order to reduce the military pressure in the Indian region.

  This can also explain why the Americans insist that the Siberian Railway only has a single line instead of a double line."

  Those who can play politics are all As a human being, although the efficiency of the Tsarist government is a little low, the ability level of the top government officials is definitely not low.

  The Siberian Railway was launched for several years, and the tsarist government did not give up its true purpose of tracking down the Americans.

  Facts have proved that persistence is still effective. No matter how secretive the British and American governments were, they left clues when making deals.

  In a short period of time, the Russians did not find any problems, but as time passed, when everyone came to their senses, they would find abnormalities.

  It's not a case investigation, and no specific evidence is needed. As long as it is proven that the British have both the motive and the ability to plot secretly, it is the British government's fault.

  Nicholas II slammed the table and said indifferently: "As expected, friendship is really not worth mentioning in the face of national interests.

  But it doesn't matter, just take advantage of each other. We have to do it anyway. With the help of the Americans in building the Siberian Railway, we also saved a lot of money.

  As for the subsequent costs, we don’t have to pay them. I believe the British have already paid for us."

  He said it lightly, from the nervous It can be seen from his expression that Nicholas II was not at peace in his heart.

  The British were traced, which meant that the next plan to advance eastward must be considered more carefully.

  Nicholas II did not think that the British's purpose was so simple and they spent such a high price just to lure the Russian Empire eastward.

  Although the Siberian Railway is a single-track railway and the railway's capacity is very limited, there is no regulation that the single line cannot be changed to a double line.

  There is already a railway, and if we continue to add a railway line next to it, the construction difficulty will be much lower than before. At least transportation is no longer a problem.

  Once the railway transformation is completed, the transportation problems that restrict the Russian Empire's eastward expansion will be easily solved.

  The two independent countries in the Far East cannot stop Mao Xiong, who can devote all his country's strength to it, unless they can join forces.

  Obviously, this is impossible. From the sound of cannon fire during the Sino-Japanese War, it was destined that the relationship between the two countries could not be too good.

  As long as the tsarist government exerts a little foreign policy and expands in a rhythmic manner, there will be no problems.

  In the Indian region, which has been operating for hundreds of years, Britain's ability to block the Russian army does not mean that they are also able to snipe the Russian army in the Far East.

  After a brief thought, Nicholas II felt that there was a problem here. It was absolutely impossible for the British to really help them complete the "Yellow Russia Plan."

  You must know that the conflict between Britain and Russia has been around for a long time. To stab each other with knives is a normal operation. To help the other party strengthen its strength is to support the enemy.

  Nicholas II didn't know what the problem was. In short, when facing the Far East problem, the tsarist government suddenly became cautious.

  ...

  The Japanese government naturally knew nothing about the changes that occurred in St. Petersburg. It's not that the intelligence organization doesn't work hard, it's just that the difference in appearance is too big and it can't penetrate at all.

  The Japanese government's intelligence collection on the Russian Empire currently only remains at the stage of newspapers, radio, and tavern gossip.

  Just think about it and bribe intelligence personnel to go deep into the tsarist government to investigate intelligence. In fact, it is not feasible at all.

  It's not that the secrecy of the Tsarist government is high. On the contrary, the secrecy of the Tsarist government is the lowest in the world. It can be said to be a big sieve.

  The fundamental reason why the Japanese intelligence organization failed to make great achievements is one word - poverty. If you don’t have money in your pocket, you won’t be able to operate it.

  Since the conflict between Japan and Russia broke out and the situation in the Far East became tense, the Japanese government has been panicked.

  That was the Russian Empire, known as the "Steamroller of Europe", the world's top power. Although it has not kept up with the times in recent decades, it is not something that the fledgling Japan can compare with.

  The Philippine War is the best reference. Spain, which is at the bottom among the great powers, can even fight them thousands of miles away with an expedition.

  Not to mention the more powerful Russian Empire. In short, even the top leaders of the Japanese government have no confidence in facing the Russians.

  This is not cowardice, everyone is just following their hearts.

  Don't look at the public propaganda that "the Japanese-Spanish War broke the myth of white people's invincibility". In fact, my own family knew that their own affairs were a bloody business.

  The only thing that can be called a gain is that the Japanese navy has gained an opportunity to develop rapidly.

  Unfortunately, this opportunity is not very good. Due to the large number of warships, the Japanese government has been worried about how to support this navy since the Sino-Japanese War of 1891-1891.

  With the experience of losing money, senior Japanese government officials have always had lingering fears about war with European countries.

  If we win the war, we have to worry about the Continental Alliance interfering and not getting the spoils we want; if we lose the war, it will be even worse. If we don't talk about it before returning to the Meiji Restoration, we might even become a colony.

  Regardless of the outcome of the war, Japan is destined to lose as long as it starts fighting. Since the ending is so tragic, why bother fighting?

  It is not yet the turn of the military dictatorship to take charge. The civilian political group headed by Ito Hirobumi still firmly controls the political power.

  The Japanese government is generally a normal country, except that it is a little more martial.

  Except for the young middle-level and lower-level officers who have high morale, denounce Fang Qiu, and are as angry as tigers, the top government officials have no interest in war at all, at least not in the short term.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1097. Chapter 1076 Embassy Crisis-69 Book Bar
2020-12-05 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1076 Embassy Crisis
  "According to news from the Embassy in St. Petersburg, anti-Japanese sentiment among the people of the Russian Empire has continued to rise since the outbreak of the Far East conflict.

  Many people in the tsarist government advocate taking tough measures against us, and the arrogance of the war faction is rising possibility. We do not rule out the launching a war.

  The international community has been very indifferent towards the conflict between us and the Russians. Except for the British who expressed verbal support, most countries have a spectator mentality."

  Inoue Kaoru said helplessly.

  Since the rise of fanatical nationalism, it has been difficult to become an official in the Japanese government. The foreign minister responsible for handling international affairs is even more of a hot potato.

  Folk radicals don't use their brains at all when looking at problems. They always do things in a hot-headed manner, with a serious imbalance between ambition and strength.

  In this context, the foreign minister is often a scapegoat, which is equivalent to a "traitor" among the people.

  No matter who is replaced, it will be the same. You must know that after the signing of the Treaty of Shimonoseki, Hirobumi Ito, who was a great hero, was almost punished as a national traitor.

  If you don't have a strong heart, you won't be able to handle such a challenging job.

  No matter how strong her heart is, Inoue Xin feels numb in the face of the current international situation.

  In the international context of confrontation between the two powers, even if he had too many dragon-slaying skills, there was no room for them to be used.

  Since you are following the British, you can't expect to get favors from Shinra. It is human nature to rely on the strong. As a sea-power country, there is nothing wrong with following Britain, the most powerful navy.

  The crux of the problem lies with the boss. In recent years, for some reason, the British leader has suddenly become ineffective and has gradually been at a disadvantage in international competition.

  First it lost its advantage in the second industrial revolution, then it lost control of the European continent, and now even the hegemony of the Royal Navy is crumbling.

  The impact on maritime supremacy was due to the world tour of the Shinra Navy. All countries that have conducted joint exercises together know the gap between super battleships and traditional battleships.

  However, the British were one step behind in this regard. Although their dreadnought was also launched, they suffered from bad habits because they were in a hurry.

  Just like Shinra's earliest "Rome", it's okay to keep it at home to maintain its appearance, but it won't be good once it's driven out.

  In this context, even though the British also have super battleships, they can only watch the Shinra Navy stir up troubles and establish its power.

  In the eyes of those who are interested, this is a sign of the navy's backwardness. At least the British are one step behind in warship construction technology.

  The saying of "great prosperity and then decline" is not popular in the European world, but it is well known in East Asia. Including the previous seizure of the Philippines, it was all based on this judgment.

  What worries Inoue even more is that the British leader has not only fallen behind in technology, economy, and military, but even the diplomacy that it is best at is now in a bottleneck.

  The eldest brother can't handle diplomacy, and the younger brother's diplomacy is even more difficult to carry out. In this era when Europe is the center, who knows that Japan is the onion?
  In order to change this passive diplomatic situation, a comprehensive Westernization movement broke out in Japan, namely the "Leave Asia and Join Europe" movement. As Foreign Minister, Kaoru Inoue is the leader of this strategy.

  Ito Hirobumi: "The matter is not that serious. It is just a diplomatic conflict. The Russians are not going to launch a war over it. The

  The current international situation is very divided. The two powers of Britain and the Holy Roman Empire are in opposition. The Russian Empire, which is in the second strongest position, seems to be Majestic, in fact they are also very embarrassed.

  Logically speaking, the Russian-Austrian alliance has lasted for decades, and the Russians should support the HRE. However, they are on the same continent in Europe, and they happen to be neighbors.

  One mountain cannot accommodate it. Two tigers, the European continent also cannot accommodate two big countries. Once HRE defeated Britain, the Russian Empire would not want to go further.

  From the strategic point of view of distant relations and close attacks, the best choice is for Britain and Russia to form an alliance to jointly deal with HRE. After all, , Russia and Austria are both land powers, and the British are sea powers.

  Even if Britain wins hegemony, it will not threaten the survival of the Russian Empire, and vice versa. However,

  Britain and Russia have deep grievances that cannot be resolved just by trying to resolve them. What was resolved was that the two sides lacked the most basic trust and had no basis for alliance.

  At this point, no matter who they supported, it was not in the interests of the Russian Empire, but they had to take sides, otherwise London and Vienna would not be relieved.

  This is a big trouble. The Tsarist government will not cause trouble until this problem is solved.

  What's more, the Russians' strength in the Far East is not enough to launch a war. Once a war breaks out, logistics alone can drag it to death. They."

  After listening to Ito Hirobumi's explanation, Emperor Meiji's face obviously relaxed a lot. Because of the butterfly effect, Japan today is not as lucky as it was in the original time and space.

  Although it gained a lot from the war against the Far Eastern Empire, there was another costly war in the Philippines, and the size of the navy was much larger than at the same time in history.

  These all cost money. The plundered war reparations were used to fill these two huge holes. Naturally, there were less funds for domestic development, and the national strength was much weaker than at the same time in history.

  The most direct response is financially. It is unimaginable to balance the financial balance and expenditure. Being able to avoid financial bankruptcy is the blessing of eight million gods.

  Confronting the Russians is not only a great military pressure, but also an even greater financial pressure.

  From this point of view, Japan and Russia are similar. They are both poor countries with cleaner pockets than their faces.

  Prime Minister Okuma Shigenobu: "Ito-kun, this is just an inference under normal circumstances, but don't forget that the Russian Empire is often abnormal.

  I have studied Russian history and the Tsarist government often made decisions without thinking.

  The most famous one is Peter III. Because of his personal preference, he betrayed the alliance and aided Prussia, which directly cut off the Russian Empire's westward expansion.

  There are even more unknown ones, including several wars in the Russian Empire in modern times, which are difficult to call rational.

  Including Nicholas the Great, who was highly respected by the Russians, blindly launched the Near East War, although he finally captured the Constantinople area and seemed to win the war.

  But judging from the price paid by the Russian Empire, we know that this is a lose-lose war, and the Russians win only to save face.

  The next Alexander II was similar. He blindly went to war with Prussia without carefully weighing the pros and cons.

  In the end, the war was indeed won, but the price paid was that the Russian Empire fell from the top power to the second echelon.

  ...

  In short, when the tsarist government makes decisions, we cannot judge based on common sense, otherwise we will suffer big losses. "

  You don't know if you don't analyze it, but you will be shocked once you analyze it. When you encounter a competitor who is used to playing cards that do not follow common sense, no matter who you are, your scalp will be numb.

  In fact, the interest inference method itself is not valid. There are indeed interests between countries. First, but rulers are still human beings. Since they are human beings, they cannot be absolutely rational. In

  many cases, politicians’ personal preferences and perceptions can also affect government decisions, especially in feudal monarchies.

  There is no doubt that Russia The empire is a typical feudal monarchy. Even the reforms of Alexander II have not been able to change this essence.

  It cannot be said that the monarch's personal will completely controls the national decision-making, but the monarch's personal feelings have great influence on the national decision-making. There is no doubt about it.

  The most typical example is that the top brass of the Russian Empire are all anti-Japanese. There are very few pro-Japanese factions in the tsarist government.

  There is no other reason than the two scars on Nicholas II. Only This alone is enough to make everyone hate the Japanese Empire.

  This is also politically correct. If someone assassinates the monarch you are loyal to, and you are still indifferent, do you still want to live in peace?

  What you sow will be what you reap. Whether you want it or not, Japan The government has to pay for its previous mistakes.

  Of course, everyone is thinking of more. It seems that the tsarist government's decision-making mistakes in recent decades have finally benefited Austria.

  They can't help but think too much. Once can be a coincidence, and twice Three coincidences would be too much of a coincidence.

  Looking back, there is not much that everyone can do now. They can all see the problem, and others can also find the problem.

  Including the top brass of the tsarist government, they have also discovered these problems. problem. Otherwise, the first thing every tsar does after he takes the throne is to get rid of his dependence on Vienna.

  No one wants to be led by others, let alone the unruly Mao Zedong. Xiong.

  It’s just that the gap between reality and ideals is a bit far. If they really want to kill themselves and cut off the connection between Russia and Austria, they can’t make up their minds.

  Since they can’t be separated, they can only be careful when making decisions to avoid They were led astray.

  After all, this kind of influence was carried out secretly, and the Vienna government did nothing on the surface. Even if it

  stepped on the trap, the tsarist government could only knock out its teeth and swallow it in its belly. To the outside world, it was tens of millions. What cannot be admitted is that if the lid is lifted, it will only prove their own incompetence.

  ...

  Both governments are trying to find ways to avoid war, and the Japanese government has only done a little more to strengthen its defenses against the Russians. But

  things are different among the people. Anti-Japanese sentiment is rising in the Russian Empire, and anti-Russian sentiment in Japan is equally strong.

  Looking at the dark crowd of protesters outside, the staff of the Russian Embassy in Japan did not even dare to go out to buy groceries. .

  The incessant curses seemed to never stop from morning to night, making Minister Ftoryak furious.

  "Call the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The staff member suggested in a low voice: "

  Your Excellency, the telephone line has been cut off. How about we send a telegram?" "

  It can be seen that Minister Ftoriak is still very prestigious in the embassy, ​​and the staff did not dare to stab him at all.

  Minister Ftoriak roared: "Then why are you still standing here? Don't hurry up. Go send it! "

  Just after yelling, Ftoriak realized that he had made a mistake. Since he was going to send a telegram, it was natural that there must be content. He didn't say anything, so the people below would naturally have to wait.

  "Sorry, Frank. I didn't mean it, I was just confused by the Japanese.

  There is so much commotion outside, I don’t believe the Japanese government doesn’t know about it. Knowing that someone is causing trouble but not stopping it is a provocation to the great Russian Empire.

  Let the guards be prepared. If anyone dares to cross the line, there is no need to be polite to me. "

  There is no doubt that the last sentence is just an angry word. If you dared to shoot, the people below would have opened fire.

  After a pause, Ftoriak continued: "Inform the country of the situation we are facing. By the way, Invite all embassies in Japan to join in putting pressure on the Japanese government.

  Notify the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs and order them to expel the troublemakers within two hours, or else..." Otherwise

  , Ftoriak himself doesn't know.

  Diplomatic blackmail also has to be divided into targets, which does not mean that Japan cannot blackmail. . The key to the problem is that the Russian Empire’s power in the Far East cannot scare the Japanese at all.

  If this kind of diplomatic note with a stern warning had been issued by HRE or Britain, it would probably still have some deterrent effect. As for the Russian Empire Still a little bit off.

  However, Minister Ftoriak was not worried. This was the embassy area, and there was not only the Russian embassy, ​​but also the British and Shinra embassies a few hundred meters away.

  There was such a big commotion outside, and not only their family was affected, but the surrounding neighbors were also having a hard time.

  If you just want to watch the fun, it's enough to have been making trouble for so long. Even if it is to have a peaceful sleep, everyone will put pressure on the Japanese government.

  You must know that in Japan, the most indispensable thing is extremists. Ordinary Japanese people can't tell the difference in appearance between Europeans. Anyway, they are all white people.

  If things really get serious, everyone's life will not be easy. It is too common to accidentally injure a divine horse.

  A "touch" sound.

  "What's the sound?"

  Ftoriyak was sure that it was not the sound of gunshots. The sound of bullets fired was not like this. He still had this experience.

  What's more, those who can serve as embassy guards are not fools. No matter how much they look down on the Japanese, they still know where they are.

  If there are hundreds or thousands of Russian troops stationed here, then naturally there is nothing to say and just do it.

  It's a pity that there are only a dozen guards in the embassy. Compared with the dark crowd of protestors outside, it is really insignificant, even if they have guns in their hands.

  People under the eaves have to bow their heads. In a situation where there is a huge disparity in strength, no matter how angry you are, you must hold it in first.

  "The glass was broken and stones were thrown into the embassy."

  This was just the beginning. People follow blindly. As long as someone takes the lead in anything, there will be no shortage of followers.

  There was a constant crackling sound for a while, and the flying stones could not only break the glass, but also hurt people.

  The situation is heading towards chaos, fanatical emotions are ignited, and everyone is becoming bolder and bolder.

  No one noticed that just a few hundred meters away, a black gun barrel was pointed at the protesting crowd.

  "Aim at the one holding the flag, and the resolution should be higher."

  ...

  (End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1098. Chapter 1077 I am not alone in my path-69 Book Bar
2020-12-05 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1077: I am not alone
  in my path. With the sound of a gunshot, the already chaotic scene became more and more out of control.

  "The Russians killed people!"

  Someone shouted, which directly detonated the whole place. The already angry protestors were completely ignited.

  The biggest characteristic of why radicalism is called "radical" is that when decisions are made, they are often made just because they are hot-headed and never weigh the pros and cons.

  No matter where they were, everyone was thinking "Kill all the Russians and pay with blood!"

  Not only did they think in their hearts, but they also took practical actions. The protesters tore down the gates and walls and charged inside the embassy.

  Facing the swarming crowd, the Russian guards resisted bravely, but they were unable to defeat the four-handed crowd with their fists, even with guns.

  After all, this is the embassy district. Security issues are mainly the responsibility of the Japanese government. The guards' weapons are limited to protecting against Xiaoxiao and others, and they have no heavy firepower at all.

  Everyone rushed in, and it was obvious what would happen next. Anyway, the embassies of various countries nearby who were watching the excitement had already picked up their cameras and took pictures of the chaotic scene.

  The only regret is that the distance is too far and there is no picture quality at all. Through the photo, you can only see the crowd attacking the Russian Embassy.

  The policeman responsible for maintaining law and order not far away was frightened at this moment. Making trouble outside the embassy and breaking in to make trouble are two completely different concepts.

  It can be seen from the chaos at the scene that the group of people who broke in were not rational owners. If they did something irrational, the consequences would be unimaginable.

  "Sergeant, what should we do now?"

  After glaring at his subordinate who was about to pee from fear, the middle-aged police chief said indifferently: "What should we do?
  Remember, Muraki. There was a mob just trying to attack the British Embassy, ​​​​and we have been They are all intercepting them. We haven't seen anything about the situation at the Russian Embassy."

  After saying that, the middle-aged man had already raised his fists and punched and kicked his men, as if simulating the scene after a mob attack.

  They were far from the only ones to make similar decisions. In order not to take the blame, few police officers on duty nearby were intact.

  There is no way, the situation is out of control, and there is no way that little pawns like them can stop it. Now that I'm mixed in, I don't know if I can control the situation. Anyway, I will definitely be involved.

  Anyone with rich social experience knows to be alone first. As for other issues, that is a matter for the superiors. Anyway, allowing the parade to approach the Russian Embassy area is also an order from the superiors.

  When such a big thing happens, someone has to come out and take the blame, and this "blame" is not something that ordinary people can take.

  As a pawn, you have to dodge when you need to. As long as they are not directly involved, the big shots will not care about them.

  ...

  In the government office building, Prime Minister Okuma Shigenobu, who had just had afternoon tea, was looking at a pile of documents in a daze when he suddenly received the shocking news that "a mob stormed the Russian Embassy area."

  "Is the situation under control?"

  "Are there any casualties in the Russian Embassy?"

  ...

  Protests are protests, and the attack on the embassy area is over. Ordinary people did not know the seriousness of the matter, but Okuma Shigenobu still knew it.

  Since we want to "leave Asia and join Europe", we naturally need to understand the European political rules of the game, such as the generally recognized "international law".

  The attack on the Russian Embassy District seems to be just a conflict between Japan and Russia, but in fact it is not.

  If it is not handled well, the Japanese government will face the blame of the entire international community. Not to mention international sanctions, just the condemnation is enough for the Japanese government to drink.

  In this context, whether there are any casualties in the Russian Embassy becomes particularly important.

  If there were only property casualties, the worst possible outcome would be to pay a sum of money; if someone was injured, the Russians would never let go of such a good opportunity.

  You must know that the current Russian Empire is not alone. Not only does it have the Russian-Austrian Alliance, it is also one of the main members of the European Continental Alliance.

  The excuses were all given, and the tsarist government had no reason not to involve its allies. International politics does not promote individual heroism, but using the crowd to bully the few is the way to go.

  The staff replied in a panic: "The situation has completely gotten out of control. The police station has asked the military for help. It is unknown whether there are any casualties in the Russian Embassy."

  Upon hearing this result, Okuma Shigenobu jumped into his position. The situation was so out of control that the military was required to intervene. Who would dare to believe that there were casualties?

  The question now is not how many people died, but how many people in the Yu-Russian embassy survived. In short, a diplomatic disaster is coming.

  ...

  The emergence of the telegraph has narrowed the distance between humans. The incident occurred in Japan during the day, and the news was received in Vienna at night.

  As for blocking news, just think about it. You must know that the telegraph company these days is controlled by the great powers, and there is no need to pay the Japanese government's account.

  Besides, it would be useless to cut off telegraph contact. The incident happened in the embassy district, and the embassies of various countries were not far apart. With so many witnesses, it was impossible to keep it a secret.

  You can't kill people and silence them, right?

  If something happens to the staff of the embassies of various countries, the treatment enjoyed by the Japanese government will definitely not be worse than that of Xin Chou Nian, the next door neighbor.

  Except for the unclear casualties of the Russian embassy, ​​other contents were sent to all parts of the world along with telegrams.

  Looking at the telegram in his hand, Franz fell into deep thought. He had heard of the Russo-Japanese War, but he had never heard of the Japanese people's attack on the embassy.

  Is it because history has changed, or is someone deliberately covering up the truth, or is it because the incident was too small and did not cause any waves.

  Franz has passed the age of strong curiosity and has no interest in interpreting the Japanese-Russian conflict in depth.

  "Have the Japanese war faction been suppressed miserably recently?"

  From a distance of a few hundred meters, it would be good to be able to roughly see the scene. The shooting incident hidden in the dark is naturally unknown.

  I don't know if someone was causing trouble, but the attack on the Russian Embassy District was directly defined as "a mob attacking the Russian Embassy District."

  In a pure conflict between Japan and Russia, there is no one else but the war madmen in the Japanese military who can do such stupid things.

  Based on Franz's personal experience, it can be inferred that when such extreme events occur, it is the Japanese military's main militant faction that has been suppressed and uses extreme methods to make a comeback.

  Many similar events have occurred in the original time and space. For example: one year the government wanted to cut military spending, and the unwilling Japanese military directly launched a coup...

  Frederick: "Yes, the Japanese government has been cutting its military budget in recent years. The military budget has accounted for 10% of the fiscal budget since its peak. 84.7% of revenue has been reduced to the current 46.2%.

  It is said that the Japanese government is also preparing to continue to reduce military expenditures and prepare to control military expenditures to about 35% of fiscal revenue.

  However, what does this have to do with the mob’s attack on the Russian Embassy District? ? You cannot just be dissatisfied with the reduction in the proportion of the military budget, so..."

  The proportion of military expenditures in fiscal revenue remains high. This is a characteristic of the times. The more economically backward a country is, the higher its military expenditures account for in its fiscal expenditures.

  Countries that can control their military budgets within 40% are basically countries that have started the process of industrialization; countries that can control their military budgets within 25% can be considered developed countries.

  From the military budget ratio, it can also be seen that Japan's economic development has been good in recent years, otherwise the military budget ratio would not be able to decrease at all.

  After all, raising an army is very expensive. With the development of military technology, the daily maintenance costs of the military have been rising.

  As long as the military establishment remains unchanged, annual military expenditures will only increase, not decrease. If you want to reduce the proportion in the fiscal budget, the growth rate of fiscal revenue must exceed the growth rate of military maintenance costs.

  In the gold standard era, seigniorage revenue was far less abnormal than in later generations, and it was impossible to become the mainstay of fiscal revenue. The increase in government fiscal revenue is mainly due to the increase in tax revenue brought about by the dividends of economic development.

  "It is impossible to happen in other countries, but it is impossible to say in Japan. We cannot judge this country based on common sense. The

  traditional thoughts of Bushido, coupled with the thoughts of militarism, the Japanese military has been It embarked on a radical path of no return.

  Of course, this may be one of the many factors that led to the attack on the Russian Embassy. The direct trigger was probably the recent conflict in the Far East.

  Facing the Russian Empire, the Japanese government did not have enough confidence. . For the sake of domestic development, the Japanese government can make concessions, but that does not mean that civil radical groups will also take the overall situation into consideration.

  In this world, there are too many people who look at problems and do things without thinking. If ethnic groups are mixed in ism and extremism, that would be even crazier.

  As long as someone provokes it, there is nothing they dare not do. Not to mention attacking the Russian Embassy, ​​even massacring all the staff of the Russian Embassy is not impossible."

  With the original time and space as a reference, what Franz thought was normal was a comprehensive impact on Frederick's outlook.

  "Storming the embassy area" is appalling enough, but if they continue to massacre embassy staff, then don't say anything and just start a war.

  No big country can accept such a provocation, let alone the violent Russians.

  After all, he was used to seeing strong winds and waves. Apart from his initial disbelief, Frederick quickly recovered and said slowly:

  "If all the staff of the Russian embassy are really killed, then the Russo-Japanese War will be inevitable. However, the Siberian Railway has not yet been opened to traffic, and the Russians should not take action immediately.

  Judging from the progress of the Siberian Railway, the main line is expected to be opened to traffic next year, and the branch railway will take about three to five years.

  If nothing else happens, the Russo-Japanese War should It will break out in the next five to ten years. So can we..."

  Before Frederick could finish speaking, Franz interrupted: "This is only the best time to launch the war from Russia's perspective, but the war's An outbreak is never decided unilaterally.

  If you were Emperor Meiji, would you wait for the Russians to be ready to attack, and then passively respond?"

  There is no way, this is a cognitive misunderstanding. The strength gap between Japan and Russia is very different. If it were not restricted by transportation, the three or five Japanese combined would not be enough to defeat the Russians.

  If you take into account the discrimination against people of color, the assessment of the strength of both parties is even greater.

  The Philippine War is a benchmark. Even the Spanish Labor Expedition was able to give Japan a half-match. If distance had not limited the power projection, Japan would have been defeated long ago.

  As for Spain's use of French mercenaries, it was simply ignored by everyone. Europe has a tradition of using mercenaries, and being able to recruit mercenaries to fight is also a manifestation of strength.

  In the eyes of many people, the disparity in strength is too great. If the weak take the initiative to provoke a war, they are seeking death.

  On the contrary, passive response can also win international sympathy and invite major powers to intervene in mediation. They were both defeated, but the treatment they enjoyed was completely different.

  If the former loses, they may die and the country will be destroyed; although the latter loses, there is still a glimmer of hope.

  After all, the international community will not watch the Russians continue to expand, and intervention is inevitable.

  ...

  While Franz and his son were thinking about how to make a profit in the Russo-Japanese War, the Tsarist government also received bad news from the Far East.

  However, the information they received was not from their own embassy, ​​but was forwarded by the Vienna government.

  As an ally, this small favor can still help.

  If it weren't for repeated confirmation that the embassy in Tokyo had lost contact, Nicholas II would have thought he was celebrating April Fool's Day today.

  Japan, a small country, dares to provoke the great Russian Empire again and again. This is obviously a disadvantage for bullying them again.

  After receiving the news, Nicholas II held a high-level government meeting overnight. If something like this happens, if it doesn't take revenge, how can the Russian Empire still thrive in the world?
  Prime Minister Sergey Witte: "Your Majesty, we must respond strongly to the Japanese provocation to let them know that the Russian Empire is not something they can provoke. It's

  just that the Siberian Railway has not yet been opened to traffic, and our troops in the Far East are limited, so it is difficult to give Japan a A heavy blow.

  Rather than retaliate indifferently, it is better to wait. When we are ready, we will directly destroy Japan to satisfy our hatred."

  Count Sergei Witte is a rational prime minister, filled with righteous indignation. It is absolutely impossible to raise an army in anger.

  Past experience guide for the future. In recent years, the Russian Empire has not suffered less from the "angry army", and now it must learn a lesson.

  Deep down in his heart, Sergey Witte had made up his mind that no matter how provocative the Japanese were, they would have to wait until the Siberian Railway was fully opened to traffic.

  Sergei Witte is not the only one who is rational. The current high-level officials of the Tsarist government are basically the team left by Alexander III, and they are all rationalists.

  Director of the Orthodox Administration Bureau Pobedonoschaev: "The Prime Minister is right, it is indeed not suitable to take military action at the moment. To deal

  with clowns like Japan, we either don't take action, or we must kill them with a stick to truly deter them. People's hearts.

  Considering that Japan is an island country, if you want to destroy them, the current strength of the Imperial Navy is obviously beyond its power.

  On this issue, we can follow the Austrians and formulate a comprehensive twenty-year development plan first. We will destroy the Japanese monkeys when we are fully prepared."

  It can be seen that Pobedonoschaif also has a deep understanding of the essence of "Gou" Tao, and he has a twenty-year plan to destroy the Japanese monkeys from the beginning.

  With the strong financial resources of the Russian Empire, if they really devote themselves to farming for twenty years, then it goes without saying that Japan will definitely be completely cold.

  Not to mention Japan, even the current British Empire may not be able to suppress the Russian Empire after industrialization.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1099.Chapter 1078 can't be downloaded-69 Book Bar
2020-12-08 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1078: Can't Come Down
  In the evening, the noisy Embassy Street fell silent. The demonstrators who realized that something serious was going on had already dispersed.

  The military police who came after hearing the news had cordoned off the scene. At this moment, the embassy area is already "one post for every five steps, and one sentry for every ten steps".

  The smell of gunpowder smoke still lingers in the air, as well as the ruined Russian-style buildings, still silently complaining about everything that happened during the day.

  All entertainment venues are closed. Even people who like to watch the excitement are closing their doors at this moment, for fear of getting into trouble.

  On the contrary, the embassies of various countries that had been closed before became active. Everyone was timid when facing the insurgents, but after switching to the Japanese government, everyone became bolder again.

  The reputation of the military police scares the Japanese people, but it cannot deter diplomats from various countries. Influenced by traditional culture, the European world has a particularly strong idea of ​​mourning the death of a rabbit or a fox.

  We are all diplomats stationed in the country. If we don't stand up and speak out at this time, we will be in trouble. What happened to Russian diplomats today may happen to us tomorrow.

  The embassies of various countries, including Japan's ally Britain, all resisted the bad behavior that occurred during the day.

  Encountering a group of officials from the mission who could not be talked about, scolded, or touched was a real hardship for the military police responsible for sealing off the scene.

  Some bad-tempered bosses would punch and kick the military police who blocked the road. At this moment, many people had been beaten until their noses were bruised and their faces were swollen.

  I have to admire the resilience of the Japanese. Even though he was beaten, he still smiled. Anyway, there are many of them, and there are only a few people in the delegation. After one wave is beaten, another wave will go up and continue.

  Relying on the style of "don't fight back when scolded or hit", the ministers from various countries lost their temper and successfully bought time to clean up the scene.

  ...

  In the palace, Emperor Meiji was already stamping his feet with anger. The calmness and majesty of the monarch in the past had been lost long ago.

  There is no other way. What happened today was so exciting that it directly created the biggest diplomatic crisis in Japan's history.

  Attacking the Russian embassy was already troublesome enough, but in the end, all the Russian embassy staff were killed. Emperor Meiji despaired of these troublemakers.

  No matter how many objective reasons there are, the Japanese government cannot absolve itself of the blame for what happened.

  Especially the tragedy happened under the noses of diplomats from various countries. If it is not handled well, Japan may even suffer disaster.

  Unable to suppress his anger, Emperor Meiji almost roared: "Which idiot planned what happened today? Did they find him out?"

  It was impossible not to be angry. He had never seen such a trick on people. Protests and demonstrations were just that, Emperor Meiji was happy to put pressure on the Russians.

  The massacre of the Russian embassy was completely unexpected. Anyone with a bit of political savvy should know what this means.

  The daytime tragedy not only provoked the Russians, but also challenged the European-led international order.

  That is to say, the specific casualties have not been exposed. Otherwise, the news received now would not be a collective protest by ministers from various countries, but that the embassies of various countries have moved away.

  After a little thought, Emperor Meiji knew that the Japanese government would be in serious trouble next. Enmity with the Russians is nothing. The most important thing is sanctions from the international community.

  Until these issues are dealt with, Japan will have no allies. Even the British government cannot support them despite the public disapproval.

  "This demonstration was organized by several student groups including the Anti-Russian Communist Party and the Iron-Blooded Revenge Association. The main purpose was to protest against the Russians' violation of imperial rights.

  Attacking the Russian Embassy was not within the scope of the organizers' plan. The situation at the scene was out of control. The main reason was that a bullet flying from an unknown place hit a protesting student at the scene.

  Then someone shouted that the Russians had killed people, which aroused the anger of the people at the scene, and then the subsequent tragedy broke out.

  Judging from the situation at the scene, during the daytime conflict, we had hundreds of people killed and nearly a thousand injured..."

  Before Gentaro Kodama could finish speaking, Emperor Meiji impatiently reprimanded: "I'm just asking you. Whoever planned it doesn't want to hear you defend them.

  No matter what the reason is, when such a big thing happens, someone has to stand up and take responsibility and give an explanation to the international community.

  Do you think that countries around the world will just because of civilian casualties? Give up the attack on the Russian Embassy?
  Don’t forget that dozens of staff, including the Russian Minister, were all dead.

  In the eyes of the world, those participating in the demonstrations were no longer ordinary civilians, but a group of people who didn’t know the so-called Mob."

  If the explanation worked, there would be no more wars in the world. No matter how the conflict was triggered, the staff of the Russian embassy were always beaten to death by Japanese people participating in the demonstration.

  This is enough. It is necessary to kill people to pay for their lives, otherwise diplomats from various countries stationed in Japan will not be able to sleep in the future.

  "Hi!"

  Kodama Gentaro was also helpless. It wasn't that he wanted to defend the students, but there were too many people involved. If we really pursue it all the way, I don’t know how many unlucky people will be in trouble.

  What's more, most of the people participating in the demonstrations were patriotic students. The reason why what happened during the day was entirely due to a conspiracy. If it weren't for someone's guidance, this tragedy would not have happened under normal circumstances.

  But now that something has happened, someone must be responsible. The groups planning the march must have borne the brunt.

  After a pause, Kodama Gentaro added: "We have sent people to investigate the person behind the scenes, but the scene was too chaotic and we could not determine where the bullets flew from.

  The gendarmerie has cordoned off the scene, and our experts have intervened and are arranging the scene.

  According to the plan, we will disguise the scene as an accidental fire, resulting in the death of Russian embassy staff, and the marchers rushed in because..."

  Before Kodama Gentaro could finish speaking, Ito Hirobumi couldn't help it. He was worried about the military's brains. He was completely in despair.

  "Kodama-kun, are you sure you're not joking?" "

  It's not a joke, it is a joke in itself. Unless all the staff of the Russian embassy are dead, otherwise they would have run out if there was a fire. Even if

  it cannot be guaranteed that everyone will run out, at least the guards guarding the gate should not be killed. Such an explanation, You can't even do it perfunctorily.

  It's even more nonsense to storm the embassy to "put out a fire". There are many witnesses at the scene, and the Japanese government does not have the ability to let the staff of several nearby embassies tell lies

  . It is not impossible for all countries in the world to act like idiots and act helpless. If Japan were as strong as the Americans in later generations, they could do this.

  Unfortunately, Japan these days is just a little brother. At best, it can only barely touch the threshold of the great powers. Still haven't crossed over. If

  they are not strong enough and treat other countries as fools, they clearly have not experienced social beatings and want to find excitement. There is

  no way, the Eastern and Western thinking is inconsistent. The earliest civil servants who came into contact with the West could only reluctantly follow In the past, the thinking of military generals still stayed in the traditional thinking mode.

  In the view of the military, what happened at the Russian Embassy was only a problem between Japan and Russia, and had nothing to do with other countries. It’s okay

  to cheat, anyway, Japan and Russia The relationship is like this, no matter how bad it is, it can't be much worse.

  However, the reality is very cruel. What European governments like most is to participate in this kind of international affairs without any risks and purely to gain prestige.

  Anyway, it is Japan It makes no sense to catch the Japanese government and slap it hard.

  If a big country is willing to take the lead in imposing sanctions, everyone would not mind joining in the fun and giving full play to their "international influence."

  The hazy Kodama Gentaro soon Under the criticism of everyone, he realized his mistake and decisively chose to admit defeat. There was no spirit of the Japanese Army that would rather die than surrender.

  ...

  Foreign Minister Kaoru Inoue: "So far, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has received orders from Britain and Shinra. Diplomatic notes from 11 countries, including the Russian Embassy, ​​requested us to explain what happened at the Russian Embassy during the day and to open the scene for them to send personnel for inspection.

  We have sent people to contact the British Minister, and the results are very unsatisfactory. The British also require us to give a reasonable explanation.

  That is to say, the results have not yet been announced to the public. If the British knew that all the Russian embassy staff were killed, I am afraid they would not support us.

  Judging from the current situation, if we cannot give the international community a reasonable explanation, the empire is likely to be sanctioned.

  The current situation is very unfavorable to us. If the Russians take the opportunity to attack us, the international community will probably support them. "

  There are only problems and no countermeasures. This is the true portrayal of the Japanese government now. It is not that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is not working hard, it is really that the matter is too big and the mistakes are too great, and there is no room for maneuver.

  International politics also has rules of the game. In the context of weak strength, If you break the rules, you will be punished by the rules.

  Prime Minister Okuma Shigenobu: "Things have already happened. It is not impossible to escape. The empire will definitely pay the price."

  What we can do now is to find ways to minimize the impact of the incident and at the same time minimize the losses to the empire.

  It would be best to find out who is behind the trouble. If we can point to other countries, our responsibility will be much lighter.

  Based on the analysis of the situation at the scene, do the gendarmerie have any clues? Even if the real culprit cannot be identified, a suspect is still available. "

  Although he knew that the chance of finding out the mastermind was very low, Okuma Shigenobu could only choose a dead horse as a living horse doctor. Otherwise, the Japanese government would be wrong to find someone to share the pressure!

  Kodama Gentaro shook his head directly: " It’s difficult! There are too many suspects. We have no evidence and there is no way to prove them.

  Even if the murderer is caught, it may be difficult to determine who is the real mastermind. The plotter can completely disguise it as a personal vendetta.

  If it cannot be proved that it was a political assassination, then all the responsibility will still be borne by us. "

  Purely analyzing from the perspective of interests, those who want to provoke a war between Japan and Russia may be the suspects who planned this incident.

  At this point, there is no way to investigate further. The most suspected ones are the Japanese military and the British Army. , HRE, followed closely by Spain, the United States, and the Far Eastern Empire.

  No matter who the black hand is, it cannot be the first three. No matter how great the suspicion is and how much evidence there is, it must not be the case.

  The second echelon is indeed You can throw the blame away, but you must first provide evidence. Who will believe it if you say it in vain?
  If you don't throw the blame away, you will create another enemy for yourself, and you will be finished.

  Lu Xiangshan County Youpeng: "Prime Minister, do you think the Russians will believe us if we reveal the person behind the scenes?

  Things have reached this stage, and there is no possibility of relaxation between us and the Russians.

  Even if the Tsarist government could hold back its attack, once the Siberian Railway was opened, the Russians would still have to advance eastward, and a war would still be inevitable.

  Rather than waiting for the Russians to come and respond passively, it is better to start preparing now and take action before the Siberian Railway opens to traffic.

  As for the international impact, it has reached this stage. It is nothing more than an apology, compensation for the family members of the deceased, and guarantees to other countries to prevent similar situations from happening.

  If we can agree, let's talk. If we can't, we'll face sanctions. As long as the empire lowers its attitude, European countries will not send troops because of this.

  You can rest assured that this kind of sanctions cannot continue. As long as the war between us and the Russians breaks out, the British will find ways to help us lift the blockade, and I believe Shinra will not stop us.

  Even if there is a blockade, we can still smuggle. Unless countries send fleets to arrest smuggling at our doorstep, the blockade will exist in name only, and capitalists have ways to circumvent it.

  What is really affected are bulk commodities such as grain. As long as we work together, this period of hardship will soon be over. "

  Politics is complex and ever-changing. Analyzing issues from different angles leads to different conclusions.

  Diplomatic criticism, which was regarded as a scourge by civilian officials, turned into an opportunity in the eyes of the warring faction.

  At this moment, the Japanese government is It was like being forced up a mountain and never coming back down.

  As the last layer of window paper was pierced, all the illusions of the Lord Peace Party were shattered. Everyone realized that the Russo-Japanese War was unavoidable. The only difference was that The question of when it broke out.

  The atmosphere in the room became more depressing. When it came to the fate of the country, no one dared to make a decision easily.

  After a while, Ito Hirobumi was the first to break the silence: "The Russo-Japanese War is indeed unavoidable, but now it is still Not the time.

  The Russians need to wait for the railway to open to traffic, so why doesn’t the empire need time to prepare? In the current state of the empire, it simply does not have the ability to fight a major war.

  What's more, there is a careerist behind this that stirs up trouble, which is even more difficult to guard against.

  If this guy is not caught, who knows what else will happen. The empire cannot withstand their troubles. "

  As he spoke, Ito Hirobumi also turned his attention to the military representatives, as if to warn them not to play with fire. It was

  not only Ito Hirobumi who was suspicious, but also Emperor Meiji's eyes when he looked at the military generals changed, as if he was searching What are you talking about?

  No one likes to be doubted, but the military generals are also hard to defend now. Not to mention the civilian officials are doubting, even they themselves are doubting each other.

  This style of doing things is really like the operation of the army . In particular, the radical group that planned this demonstration has inextricable ties with the military. Even if

  they did not plan the shooting incident that detonated the scene, the violent attack on the Russian Embassy led to the destruction of the Russian diplomatic staff in Tokyo. , it has something to do with them.

  We are all smart people, so we naturally know that if there is no one taking the lead at the scene, even if a shooting incident occurs, the situation will not get out of control immediately.

  Among other things, the direction of the bullets must be determined first. Right?

  Don’t think about anything. As soon as the slogans were shouted, they all rushed into the Russian Embassy. The police happened to be deployed when the incident happened. This is too much of a coincidence. If too

  many coincidences are added together, it is no longer the case. Coincidence. Especially in the context that the murderer has not been caught, everyone thinks more.

  Maybe other international forces are also capable of planning shooting incidents, but it is nonsense to say that they can control the demonstrators.

  You must know the fanatical National activists are extreme patriots, and it is not easy to bribe them.

  Being able to accurately grasp the time and place to ambush, no one would believe it if they were not prepared in advance.

  Being able to receive news in advance, It is not something ordinary people can do to evacuate quickly after shooting without leaving any traces.

  No one is sure whether the international forces can do it. Anyway, the Japanese military can definitely do it. Deep in their hearts, everyone has a deep hatred for the military. The fear has been raised to more than one level.

  Emperor Meiji: "Ito-kun is right, the mastermind behind the scenes must be found out, otherwise the empire will never have peace.

  The gendarmerie immediately arrested the organizers who planned this demonstration, strictly investigated the instigators behind it, and ordered the school to strengthen control and ban these illegal organizations.

  In addition, the police deployment in the embassy area will be strengthened and any demonstrations will be prohibited from approaching the embassy area. "

  Although he didn't say it explicitly, everyone could tell from the look in Emperor Meiji's eyes that he was suspected of being affiliated with the military.

  It's impossible to explain. The Japanese military is also full of mountains, and there are a lot of messy groups. The military itself may not even be able to figure it out.

  It is completely normal for a few idiots to appear occasionally. I recall that Nicholas visited Japan and was assassinated by guards arranged by the Japanese government.

  Extremism is prevalent in the military. In fact, the top military officials are also very troubled by the problem. They have been trying to solve it, but unfortunately in the end they have achieved little success. To

  vouch for these guys is definitely a sign of being tired of life. No one knows these extremists , what weird things can be done.

  In fact, at the beginning, some people in the military proposed to send a few dead soldiers to the embassy area to commit seppuku and apologize to the international community. There were even people in the army who signed up and were ready to sacrifice their lives for the great cause of the empire. .

  Fortunately, someone from Shan County had contact with Western culture and stopped him in time. Otherwise, it would not be a sacrifice, but adding fuel to the fire.

  (End of Chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1100. Chapter 1079 Big Trouble-69 Book Bar
2020-12-08 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1079: Big Trouble:

  The fire cannot be contained in the paper, and those who should be ganged up on will always be ganged up on. The delay in seeing Russian diplomats soon aroused the suspicion of the mission.

  Even the Japanese government is thinking about "leaving Asia and joining Europe." It is self-evident how serious the idea of ​​​​worshiping foreign countries is.

  Under such a social background, if you can't bribe a few spies, you will become a great power.

  ...

  Late at night, the Shinra Embassy in Tokyo was brightly lit.

  The faces of the ministers from various countries who participated in the meeting were terrifyingly gloomy. Normal people would feel dissatisfied if they were pulled out of their sleep in the middle of the night.

  Jose, who is good at observing words and emotions, discovered this himself, but at this moment, he had no time to appease everyone's hurt hearts.

  "Everyone, we have invited you here overnight, mainly because we have just received the bad news that all 47 staff members of the Russian Embassy in Tokyo were killed."

  After hearing this appalling news, British Minister Enriquez immediately denied: "This is impossible!
  The Japanese government has assured us that the Russian diplomats were only slightly injured and no one was killed."

  Casualties among diplomats are common, but it is difficult to find the death of a country's embassy staff in the entire history of mankind. .

  Especially in recent private contacts, the Japanese government assured Enriquez that all Russian diplomats were alive and well.

  Jose shook his head: "Sir Enriquez, I couldn't believe it when I just received the news, but this is the fact, and we have to face it.

  In fact, before the Russian embassy was destroyed, he sent us a wireless telegram A telegram was sent, maybe because the thugs arrived too quickly, only half of the content was sent, you can take a look at it first."

  As he said this, he handed the telegram to Minister Enriquez in front of him.

  The telegram contained only one simple word, but in Enriquez's trembling hands, it seemed to weigh as much as a thousand pounds.

  There is no way, the content is really amazing. Enriquez didn't think Jose would lie on this issue. The content of the telegram was clearly "murder".

  An incomplete telegram alone cannot explain the problem, but combined with the Japanese government's response, it can explain the problem very well.

  Whether it is blocking the scene and prohibiting diplomats from various countries from inspecting it on site; or preventing everyone from meeting with Russian diplomats, they are all full of doubts.

  After a pause, Jose continued to add: "We have an agreement with the Russians to communicate once a week, and it has never been interrupted for forty years.

  Even if they are really stimulated as the Japanese said, they will There should be a notice, it is impossible to let it go so quietly.

  Perhaps everyone also noticed that after the Japanese government troops arrived, there were no ambulances in the accompanying vehicles.

  Could it be that the Russian diplomats were injured and were not even treated as ambulances? No, you want to go to the hospital on foot for medical treatment?

  I sent people to the Western Hospital near the embassy area to check, and there were no Russian diplomats among the patients they received.

  There are various signs that the Japanese government is lying, and the Russian embassy staff may have suffered Unexpected."

  Details determine success or failure. Although the Japanese government has tried very hard to keep it secret, by the time they received the news, the matter had already been settled.

  The military police responsible for handling the scene are not professional counterfeiters. What's more, everyone didn't know that the scene would get out of control at the beginning. They just thought it was an ordinary eviction and troublemaking mission.

  Everything else can be explained, but the biggest loophole is "hospital". The best Western hospitals in Tokyo are all opened by international capital, and most of the main doctors are foreigners.

  The Japanese government can let its own people hide it, but it cannot restrain these foreign uncles.

  No matter how secretive it is, it is impossible to seal off the hospital and prevent diplomats from various countries from entering the hospital.

  As a diplomat, you may not necessarily have strong other abilities, but you must have a good mentality. After the initial shock, everyone quickly adjusted and turned their attention to Jose and Enriquez.

  Now that things have happened, all we can do now is to respond positively. At this time, it is the hegemonic country's turn to take the lead, and it is enough for others to follow suit and build momentum.

  With the evidence before his eyes, Enriquez did not dare to continue defending the Japanese government. Even though he had been prepared for it, he never thought that the Japanese would dare to play such a big game.

  Deep down, he had already made up his mind that such an ally must be thrown away after use.

  After glancing at everyone, Enriquez said apologetically: "I'm very sorry, I received this news suddenly, and I need to take a moment.

  This problem was discovered by Mr. Jose first, and he must have a plan to deal with it."

  Enriquez had no choice but to give up the initiative. Everyone knows about the Anglo-Japanese alliance. Any decision Britain makes at this time will be criticized.

  In the past, Britain was naturally fearless. But it doesn't work anymore, Shinra is pressing behind him step by step. Any mistakes at this time will be magnified.

  Without any modesty, Jose said directly: "Let's not worry about the aftermath. The most important thing right now is to protect our own safety. After

  staying in Japan for so long, everyone must have understood how barbaric this country is. Since they can deal with If the Russian Embassy takes action, no one can guarantee that they will not take action against us.

  When you encounter a group of guys with abnormal brain circuits, no one knows what they will do next. The best way is to use force to deter them.

  I suggest that all countries form a coalition Intervention group, first gather everyone's forces in Asia, and then talk to the Japanese government about the aftermath." The

  cultural differences between the East and the West were directly defined by Jose as "abnormal brains." Everyone did not feel at all contrary to the situation, but expressed Show approval.

  Including the British Minister Enriquez also believed that there was something wrong with the Japanese's brains. However, this does not mean that he is willing to form an intervention coalition.

  If all countries were to mobilize their military forces in Asia, it would not be something that could be resolved through negotiation, and Japan might be outplayed.

  France is a lesson learned from the past, and Britain originally had high hopes for it. No one expected that a partition occupation would paralyze France.

  Japan is an important part of Britain's strategic plan. Japan's power must not be compromised before severely damaging the Russians.

  "Your Excellency Jose, you think too highly of the Japanese. If we borrow the courage of the Japanese, they would not dare to go against us.

  The Japanese are not worthy of forming an international intervention group. As long as we transfer the fleets of our two countries in the Far East, That's enough, why bother with all the trouble?
  As for the Russian embassy case, we can ask the Japanese government to give everyone a satisfactory explanation. If they refuse, it will not be too late to take extreme measures."

  It's not that Enriquez deliberately belittled the Japanese. These days Japan is really not worthy of the international coalition. There is no other reason than that I am too poor. Even if you win, you won't get enough military spending, so sending troops is a loss-making business.

  Of course, it doesn't matter whether they are worthy or not. The key to the problem is that Britain wants to preserve its strength for Japan.

  The international coalition sounds nice, but it is actually a gang of robbers. If the Allied Forces were to have trouble in Japan, the gains made since the Meiji Restoration would be wiped out.

  In contrast, if only the British and Austrian navies were mobilized, the destructive power would be much less.

  The Royal Navy did not take action, and the Shinra fleet in the Nanyang region could only fire a few cannons at the port. As long as the Japanese navy can resist leaving the port, there will be no big deal.

  However, the premise of all this is that the Japanese government is smart enough to bow its head when it should. If it really offends other countries, Britain will not be able to deal with it.

  "It would be best if the dispute could be resolved peacefully. However, we must investigate the atrocities that occurred at the Russian Embassy to the end and severely punish all those involved. It is definitely not something that can be settled by just a few scapegoats.

  The Japanese government must show enough sincerity. , to ensure that similar things will not happen again in the future."

  Jose said indifferently.

  Is this the end?

  Raise high and fall gently?
  Obviously, things can't be that simple. Jose seemed to accept the British proposal, but in fact he was making conditions.

  In short, it is necessary for the Japanese government to hemorrhage, otherwise it will not be able to appease everyone's wounded hearts.

  In the final analysis, international politics is about interests. As long as interests are in place, everything can be discussed.

  The main reason for intervening in the Russian embassy case was that the Japanese broke the rules and harmed the interests of all diplomats. Everyone must take a firm stance due to circumstances and reasons.

  If those who died were not diplomats but Russian civilians, everyone would only condemn it a few words and would not be moved at all.

  As a diplomat, Enriquez was also very annoyed by the Japanese's bad behavior.

  If it were not for strategic needs, he would never stand up and speak for the Japanese government. Now that Shinra has agreed to make concessions, he will naturally not continue to fight for the Japanese government.

  After all, there is a price to pay for doing the wrong thing. Whether it is to track down the murderer or punish the Japanese government, it is reasonable.

  If there really are no lessons at all, then there would be a problem. What's more, Japan also has a track record on this issue.

  This is not the first time that diplomats have been killed in Japan, but this time it was the most extreme.

  We are all diplomats. Whether it is for national interests or for our own personal safety, we must teach the Japanese government a deep lesson.

  After completing the tasks assigned to him at home, Enriquez once again returned to his imperialist face: "Of course, righteous people all over the world cannot tolerate the murderer going unpunished.

  The investigation of the Russian embassy case must be led by us, and the Japanese government must cooperate. That's it."

  ...

  The mission reached a consensus, and a harshly worded joint diplomatic note was issued.

  Imperial meetings, which were rare in the past, have become routine recently. Even Emperor Meiji often participates in discussions in person regardless of his status.

  Foreign Minister Kaoru Inoue, with a livid face, held up a document and said seriously: "The news about the Russian embassy case has still been leaked. The opinions of the mission have been unified. This is the joint note from various countries that has just been received.

  The mission asked us to do so within the 20th Within four hours, hand over the Russian diplomats in Tokyo; we are also required to send people to protect the scene and wait for the joint investigation team formed by the mission to take over the case.

  During this period, there is no way to destroy the scene, cover up the case, let the murderer escape, etc. The series of actions may hinder the case, and the envoys will be regarded as ordered by the empire.

  This warning is no joke. According to the news received from the British, various countries have plans to form a joint intervention team.

  If we deal with it next , cannot satisfy them. They will form a coalition force and intervene with force.

  The Shinra Navy is already on its way here, and the Royal Navy will be dispatched soon. We don’t have much time left. "

  The worst situation . Still showed up. Although everyone was mentally prepared, they still did not expect that international intervention would come so quickly.

  Especially the military representatives, all of them now look like eggplants beaten by frost, and they no longer have the passion of the past.

  We are all adults, and we should follow our hearts when we should. Hard support is based on verbal threats from various countries.

  The Shinra Navy and the Royal Navy have both been dispatched, so it is no longer a matter of rhetoric. If one operation is not good, it is really possible for the two masters to fight.

  Facing the top powers, everyone still knows the gap in strength. If nothing else, you can tell just by looking at the difference in strength between the navies.

  Whether it is the British Far East Fleet or the Shinra Nanyang Fleet, they are both capable of defeating the Japanese navy.

  In particular, Shinra's Nanyang Fleet has recently added a "super battleship" to its service. Just one ship can defeat all the battleships of the Japanese Navy.

  It's not that the enemy is too strong, it's mainly that the Japanese government is too poor. We can only watch Britain and Shinra play with their naval technological revolution, without even having the courage to mix it up.

  Not to mention replacing super battleships, the Japanese government cannot afford to replace even old battleships.

  We still use old ships bought from the British during the Japanese-Spanish War, and warships auctioned back from France after the European War.

  No matter how advanced a warship is, it will fall behind one day. There is no doubt that these warships built more than ten or twenty years ago are now on the verge of obsolescence.

  Facing a dreadnought-level super battleship, it is a story of massacre and massacre, and there is no confidence to fight against it.

  Of course, falling behind and falling behind, but it also depends on who you compare with. Facing the two big gangsters of Britain and Shinra, there is no comparison.

  But in Asia, Japan is still the number one naval power, even though there are only three or four independent countries in Asia now.

  Ito Hirobumi: "The British position is now very clear. It seems that the Russian embassy case has also touched their bottom line.

  Next, we must deal with it carefully, otherwise the current level can kill the empire.

  The Far East Empire is a lesson learned from the past. The empire does not have as strong a foundation as theirs and cannot withstand the hardships.

  How is the investigation of the murderer going? The time given by the mission is only 24 hours, and we can't stop it." It can

  be seen that at this moment, Ito Hirobumi is very tired and has obviously been worried a lot recently.

  Gentaro Kodama replied bitterly: "The military police have arrested the relevant persons involved, but the results of the trial are very unoptimistic.

  So far, more than 200 people have insisted that they planned it themselves and have nothing to do with anyone else. .

  But no one can tell clearly how it was planned. If the investigation power is handed over to the mission, something big may happen."

  Others investigating the case were afraid that they would not find the murderer. It was good to get to him, everyone rushed to stand up and admit it.

  The problem is that what he wants to find is the real culprit behind the scenes, rather than finding a few scapegoats. If just a few random people are sent out, the problem can be solved, and the Japanese government won't have to worry.

  Prime Minister Okuma Shigenobu immediately sighed: "With such citizens, why worry about the empire not being prosperous! If only..."

  Before Okuma Shigenobu finished speaking, Emperor Meiji glared at him. The meaning is very obvious, don't sigh, what is needed now is to find a way to solve the problem.

  The people have strong patriotic enthusiasm and are willing to sacrifice themselves for the country. It is naturally a good thing, but if they love it too much, it is also a trouble.

  For example, right now, I am being taken advantage of, and I still don’t know it.

  Everyone is still excited about killing the Russians, but they don't know that Japan has been brought to the edge of the cliff.

  Driven by fanatical thoughts, each one of them took the initiative to blame themselves, directly cutting off all clues.

  Now the Japanese government is conducting a self-examination, so it doesn't matter yet. Once the investigation team formed by the Ministry of Public Affairs takes over the investigation of the case, it will be completely different.

  Anyone who has admitted it will definitely be counted as one and all will be sent to the guillotine.

  It doesn't matter if you kill yourself, the key is that the mission will think that the Japanese government is trying to kill the dead, and they will continue to hold on to them.

  After calming down, Okuma Shigenobu reorganized his words and said: "Your Majesty, the most important thing now is to keep the investigation power of the case. As long as the investigation power is in our hands, the situation is under control. The active

  intervention of ministers from various countries is mainly because of the embassy case. They feel threatened and need a security guarantee.

  On this issue, we can definitely provide it. For example: increase the police presence in the embassy area and prohibit any parades from approaching Embassy Street.

  If they need anything else, they can also ask for it. As long as We can agree to anything that does not involve the core interests of the empire.

  In addition to concessions in interests and mental comfort, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will prepare a generous gift for each minister from each country and find an opportunity to send it to them.

  As long as the emotions of the ministers from each country are stabilized, Things will be easier to handle later on."

  There's nothing wrong with it. The ministers stationed abroad these days all have extremely powerful powers.

  Most international issues are handled by these ministers with full authority. Only a few people can make decisions only after reporting to the country.

  Appeasing these people is equivalent to stabilizing the governments of various countries.

  As long as the mission does not cause trouble, the Japanese government will only have to face the Russian Empire. Although there is still a huge disparity in strength between the two sides, Japan still has no worries about protecting itself.

  Ito Hirobumi shook his head: "Okuma-kun, you think of the problem too simply. European countries take diplomatic embassies very seriously, and the Russian embassy case has touched the bottom line of each country.

  This is not a problem that can be solved by buying a few ministers. Yes, the empire will suffer heavy losses this time."

  ...

  (End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1101. Chapter 1080 Mature-69 Book Bar
2020-12-10 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1080 Maturity
  After the Russian embassy case spread, European public opinion immediately exploded. This thing is much more serious than any previous teaching plan. There has been no case of "annihilation" of staff of embassies abroad in modern times.

  The sound of shouting and killing was heard all of a sudden. A series of labels such as "barbaric", "brutal" and "uncivilized" were once again slapped on the Japanese.

  It is still unknown how many people are behind this, but there are many people who want to provoke a war between Japan and Russia.

  Public support is important, but excessive support can be a bad thing. For the tsarist government, the current public support is not what they want.

  Sending troops to punish the Japanese seems easy, but if it is actually implemented, it will be completely different.

  The Siberian Railway has not yet been opened to traffic, so hastily launching a war at this time is simply seeking death.

  Unlike the original time and space, the Tsarist government has suffered from logistical losses in recent decades. No matter how stubborn a person is, he will learn lessons after suffering many losses, and the tsarist government was no exception.

  ...

  "The public outcry is so fierce, what is your response?"

  Nicholas II asked, suppressing his anger.

  After suffering such a big loss, not only could they not retaliate, but they had to suppress domestic anti-Japanese and pro-war public opinion. This simply made the world recognize the Tsar again.

  There is no way. There is really no condition to take military measures to retaliate against Japan at the moment. For the sake of the overall strategic situation, Nicholas II could only endure his anger for a while.

  Prime Minister Sergei Vitte: "Your Majesty, there are two main reasons why public opinion is so fierce now: First, the people are angry by the tragedy that happened in Tokyo and now need to vent; second, the war faction and international forces Instigation .

  To quell the people's anger is simple, as long as we use diplomatic means to get an explanation that satisfies everyone.

  Now that the international community is supporting us, the Japanese have no confidence to refuse at all. If they get such conditions It shouldn't be difficult.

  The real trouble lies in the instigation of the warring factions and international forces. The current anti-Japanese wave among the people is getting stronger and stronger.

  We can still come forward to do the work for the domestic warring factions, although it is a little troublesome. , you can still find a way to silence them.

  It is difficult to stop the instigation of international forces.

  The British tried their best to lure us to the Far East, and even lowered their status and formed an alliance with the Japanese. After preparing for so long, now the opportunity has come, they have no reason to stop.

  In addition to the British, there are also countries such as the Far Eastern Empire, Spain, and the Nordic Federation that need to be vigilant. Although their motives are different, they all hope that the empire will go to war with the Japanese. What

  we have to do now is Calm down, first use diplomatic means to deal with the Japanese government, and use the power of the international community to suppress the Japanese."

  Frankly speaking, Nicholas II was not someone who could remain calm. There is only one reason why we have been able to endure it until now: high-level government officials are anti-war.

  Even the top military officials who supported war against Japan did not want to start a war immediately. Everyone wanted to be patient for the time being, and Nicholas II, who was soft-hearted, naturally followed the good deeds.

  After pondering for a moment, Nicholas II said slowly: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs should take action. Public opinion has been created, so it cannot be wasted.

  Now is the time when European countries are most disgusted with the Japanese. Let's take the opportunity to do something The reputation of the Japanese is

  stinking. Especially in Britain, public relations must be focused on. The best is to disintegrate the Anglo-Japanese alliance, and the last is to make the London government put a taboo on it and dare not openly support the Japanese government.

  The second is the Holy Roman Empire. Whether it is Whether we use the power of the international community to put pressure on Japan or send troops to the Far East in the future, we must rely on their power."

  It can be seen that Nicholas II was very reluctant to make this decision. We must know that one of the biggest characteristics of the fighting nation is that it does not allow the government to be "weak".

  Ordinary people don't know how difficult it is to send troops to the Far East. In the eyes of ordinary people, the difficulty of attacking Japan is about the same as squeezing a bedbug to death.

  Now that we have been provoked by a bug, the government does not immediately send troops to retaliate, but instead resorts to so-called "diplomatic methods." That is simply embarrassing.

  In fact, the situation will be even more serious. Civilian military enthusiasts have even prepared combat plans for the tsarist government.

  It doesn't matter if the navy is weak. We can draw allies to form a coalition and copy the plan to deal with the Far Eastern Empire a few years ago.

  As for whether other countries are willing to follow suit and send troops, that is the job of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Failure to do so means that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is incompetent.

  Especially after the media published the news that the Shinra Nanyang Fleet and the British Far East Fleet were heading to the Sea of ​​Japan, everyone became more firm in their judgment.

  In the context of people calling for war, choosing to temporarily tolerate it was also a major blow to Nicholas II's reputation as a monarch.

  For Nicholas II himself, now he just "endures his anger for a while" and then "gets more and more angry the more he thinks about it".

  ...

  In the Vienna Palace, looking at the snowflakes flying in the sky, Franz sighed helplessly, it was another cold winter.

  Perhaps because of his age, Franz has become increasingly dissatisfied with the winter in Vienna in recent years.

  There are many cities in the Shinra that enjoy spring all year round, but unfortunately none of them are close to Vienna. Going out for the winter is a hassle.

  Frankly speaking, with the development of the Holy Roman Empire to this day, Vienna can no longer be regarded as the center of the empire.

  If one ignores proportion, simply looking at the map, Vienna can be considered a border city.

  Despite all these flaws, it still cannot change the fact that Vienna is the capital of the HRE. It is impossible to move the capital.

  In fact, after the unification of Shinra, no one mentioned the matter of moving the capital, and a big discussion even broke out.

  It's a pity that everything is afraid of comparison. Vienna has flaws, and other cities in the HRE have even greater flaws. Cities that are the best in all aspects only exist in dreams.

  After comprehensive factors such as history, politics, culture, economy, and strategy, Vienna is still the most suitable capital for the HRE.

  Since there is no better choice, Franz will naturally not mess around. In fact, even if there were better options, Franz would not move away from his hometown.

  The Habsburg dynasty has been operating here for hundreds of years and has a very deep mass base, which is unmatched by other cities.

  As for winter, let it be colder. Happiness comes from comparison. Compared with the Russian Empire and the Nordic Federation next door, every winter in Vienna is warm.

  At worst, next winter will be spent outside. Anyway, his son is already old, and as a semi-retired emperor, he has the capital to wander around.

  ...

  Frederick: "Father, the delegation from the Tsarist government has already set off from St. Petersburg. It seems that the Russians are giving up sending troops to retaliate."

  I have to admit that the furry bears these days are upright, and anyone who knows them a little bit can. Judge their decisions by their actions. There is no guarantee that you will be 100% prepared, but you can still make a close guess.

  If it were a British person, it would be completely impossible to judge. People can chat and laugh with you while sending troops to fight.

  Looking at his son with the snowflakes on his head, Franz nodded: "I'm probably waiting for the Siberian Railway to open! Without a railway, it is almost impossible to send troops to the Far East.

  But the Russians' plan this time is probably going to fail. Just because they want to wait does not mean that the Japanese are also willing to wait.

  This embassy case has pushed Japan and Russia to the edge of the cliff at the same time. The brave will win when they meet on a narrow road, and war is inevitable.

  Judging from the current situation , Japan and Russia are not ready for war, and the two countries should not be able to fight in the short term.

  Next, it depends on which of them is faster. The side that completes war preparations first will occupy a very large share in the subsequent war. Advantages."

  Frankly speaking, Franz was also very surprised by the restraint shown by the Tsarist government.

  When did Nicholas II become so calm?

  According to the past practice of the Tsarist government, if something like this happens, no matter what happens, fight first and then talk about it.

  Not only the tsarist government, but also most of the major powers would probably consider starting a war or how to fight it first when encountering this situation.

  Shinra is no exception. If the victims of the tragedy were his own diplomats, Franz would not be able to resist launching a war in revenge.

  Of course, the prerequisite is that you can win. If you really encounter an opponent you can't handle, you still have to give in when it's time to give in.

  Frederick asked in disbelief: "Is it impossible that the Japanese dare to initiate a war?
  They were originally at fault for this incident. If they initiate a war, once defeated, the Russians can naturally colonize Japan.

  There is a huge gap in strength between Japan and Russia. Even if the Japanese government gains an advantage in the short term, with the opening of the Siberian Railway and the arrival of Russian reinforcements, they will still have no choice but to defeat."

  Not only his thoughts, few people in Europe thought that Japan Have the courage to start a war.

  "Why not?"

  Franz asked.

  "Now that we have reached this point, everyone knows that the Russo-Japanese War will break out sooner or later. What else does the Japanese government have to fear? If

  they take action before the Siberian Railway is opened to traffic, they still have some hope of winning. The longer they go, the more likely they are to win. The lower.

  What’s more, there are British people cheering behind them. Doesn’t the British government prepare for so long just to consume the strength of the Russians in the Far East and reduce the military pressure on India? As long as the

  Japanese government responds quickly enough, it can completely build the Siberian Railway Before it is opened to traffic, seize the Far East first.

  Then, the British government will provide money, the Japanese government will provide personnel, and they will use time and space to slowly consume the Russians.

  Anyway, Japan has a large population and its military combat effectiveness is adequate. As long as the British The support can keep up, and it will be no problem for ten or eight years.

  Regardless of the final victory or defeat, the Russians will be severely weakened. Even the Russian-Austrian alliance will have problems because of this."

  It is not that Franz is pessimistic, it is really There have long been cracks in the Russian-Austrian alliance. Only with the efforts of the Vienna government to bridge the gap, it has persisted until now.

  What the outside world cannot see, but Franz, as a person involved, is very clear that the conflicts between Russia and Austria are rapidly accumulating.

  Not only was there a political imbalance in power between the two countries and the Tsarist government's increased sense of crisis; there were also intensified economic and trade frictions.

  As vested interests in the Russian-Austrian Alliance, the old-school aristocrats of the Russian Empire may not have much idea about making money from farming and mining; but Russia's emerging national bourgeoisie and intellectuals are very dissatisfied with the current situation.

  In the view of these "insightful people", if the current positioning of raw material production areas and commodity sales markets is not broken, sooner or later the Russian Empire will become an economic colony.

  If we want to change all this, we must first break our economic dependence on HRE. Including withdrawing from the free trade system and implementing tariff barriers.

  If possible, it would be best to wipe out the debt as well. To avoid heavy repayment burdens that would hinder the modernization of the Russian Empire.

  Although this group of people did not have a high say in the tsarist government, it was easier to do bad things than to achieve them.

  As for the consequences of doing this, Franz doesn't think that a group of middle-class idealists will be afraid, let alone a group of profit-seeking capitalists who will care.

  In fact, the situation is much worse than this. Opposition to the Russian-Austrian alliance within HRE is also growing day by day.

  The military nobles and farmers who are attached to the agricultural industry chain are also very dissatisfied with the large amount of imported Russian agricultural products.

  In the past, the Russian Empire was strong enough, and the empire also needed this ally to deal with France in the west. For the sake of the overall situation, everyone can still accept it reluctantly.

  With the end of the European War, the Holy Roman Empire soared into the sky, and the strategic demand for the Russian Empire has been infinitely reduced.

  In this context, everyone is naturally not interested in the economic policy of economically caring for the Russian Empire.

  The continuation of the Russian-Austrian alliance to the present is inseparable from the Vienna government's economic care policy.

  The annual foreign exchange earnings from grain and ore exports account for 94.6% of all foreign exchange earnings in the Russian Empire. Most of these raw materials are lost to the HRE.

  Without this income, it was only a matter of time before the tsarist government went bankrupt, leaving no room for struggle. Naturally, the alliance cannot be maintained.

  It’s not like this group of people doesn’t have a voice. If Franz hadn’t been hanging up in order to fight for world hegemony, there would have been a big commotion down there.

  According to the current situation, once Britain declines, the Russo-Austrian Alliance will almost come to an end.

  In the final analysis, it is the interests that are to blame. The existence of the Russian-Austrian alliance harmed their interests, so they naturally had to find ways to kick it out.

  Being able to endure for a few years for the benefit of the empire is already a very big picture. From now on, not even God can stop it.

  Of course, at that point, the mission of the Russian-Austrian Alliance has been completed, and it is indeed time to kick it off.

  Obviously, this is only the ideal situation. The Russians are not fools. The Tsarist government has long been aware of the danger, otherwise Nicholas II would not have wanted to get rid of his dependence on the HRE.

  Since it was destined to be abandoned in the future, the tsarist government was naturally making preparations. For example: the southward strategy and the eastward strategy are the Russians' response plans.

  To sum up, in one sentence it is: put money in your pocket.

  The Russian Empire, which has money in its pocket, is fearless. Even if it can't help Shinra, it is still appropriate to protect itself.

  The British's current plan is to increase the tsarist government's awareness of crisis and force the Russians to jump ship and join forces with them.

  This is not impossible to happen. Although Britain's market cannot be compared with the HRE, there is still hope to capture half of the Russians' share of grain and ore exports.

  By lending another sum of money to the tsarist government, it would be able to weather the short-term shock. As for the sequelae, I guess the British government won't think about it as much as the Russians.

  As if he was lost in thought, Frederick said coldly after a while: "Once the British fall, the Russians will be our biggest competitors.

  After all, the Russian-Austrian alliance has lasted for so many years. There is not enough reason for us to It is not easy to attack them.

  If the tsarist government insists on maintaining the alliance, we will not be able to suppress it even on the surface.

  For the sake of the reputation of the empire, we can only let the Russians decline early. Anyway, the next struggle for hegemony , and we don’t need them anymore.”

  “Ruthless” is not just “mature”.

  In Franz's view, Frederick's ability to make such a decision was a sign of maturity. As a king, if you are not ruthless, you will not be able to stand firm.

  The Russian-Austrian alliance has lasted for so many years. Although there are many opponents in both countries, the people-to-people friendship is really deep.

  If nothing else, there are countless marriages. In the past cultural exchanges and commercial trade, Russia and Austria had many in-laws from the upper class nobles to ordinary people.

  If it really attacks its allies for no reason, it will be difficult for the domestic people, not to mention the damage to its international reputation.

  If you can't do it yourself, you can only borrow a knife to kill someone.

  The British want to pull the Russians over, provided that the Russian Empire still has a certain strength. If the Russians are defeated, it will be useless even if they are pulled over.

  "The Siberian Railway has not yet been opened to traffic. The Russians have limited power to invest in the Far East. Even if they are defeated, the losses will be limited.

  When the railway is opened, the Russians can go all out, and the Japanese are seriously insufficient. Even if there are British Support cannot make up for the gap in strength between the two countries.

  After all, we and the Russians are still allies, and the support we should have is still indispensable. At the very least, we must issue loans, sell weapons and equipment and strategic materials."

  The prerequisite for killing someone with a borrowed knife is that the knife is enough It's sharp, and it's obvious that the Japanese's knife still lacks heat. It may be possible to severely injure the Russians, but it would be a dream to cripple the Russian Empire.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1102. Chapter 1081 Forced Pressure-69 Book Bar
2020-12-11 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1081: Forced Pressure
  Nothing in this world is perfect. Although the Japanese knife is not sharp, it still hurts when it cuts people.

  The most critical reason why the bear cannot be killed is that the territory of the Russian Empire is too vast, even larger than the original time and space.

  The most serious consequence of the Russo-Japanese War is simply to lose the Far East, and then there will be no more. It is simply impossible for the Japanese to penetrate Siberia.

  After being silent for a while, Frederick said slowly: "The Japanese family alone is not enough, but if you add other nations that want independence, it will be different.

  Finland, the Baltic Sea, Poland, Bulgaria, Afghanistan, Central Asia and other regions There is no shortage of anti-Russian forces.

  When the Russian Empire was strong, these anti-Russian forces could not become a climate, but it was different when the Mao Xiong declined.

  If the strength of these independent organizations is not enough, then the Russian Revolutionary Party will be added.

  Although the reforms of Alexander II alleviated the social contradictions in the Russian Empire to a certain extent, the core contradictions still exist.

  The Russian people can tolerate the government losing to European countries, but they absolutely cannot tolerate themselves losing to the uncivilized Japanese.

  Plus As long as we push the bourgeoisie who are dissatisfied with the distribution of power, the possibility of a revolution in Russia is very high."

  Obviously, Frederick also did his homework. The internal dangers of the Russian Empire have long been understood.

  For a giant like the Russian Empire, it is too difficult to defeat it from the outside. The only ones who can truly defeat them are themselves.

  For the Holy Roman Empire, a divided and declining Russian Empire was a good ally.

  Franz hesitated. I have to admit that Frederick's plan is indeed very feasible.

  Even if the plan fails, HRE will not suffer any loss. From the beginning to the end, the Vienna government has been a "good ally" of the Tsarist government and has nothing to do with these anti-Russian forces.

  If the plan succeeds, then the threat on Shinra land will be completely eliminated. In the future, we can go all out to lean towards the ocean and compete with Britain for hegemony.

  The only problem is that revolution is full of uncertainty. As a monarch, Franz has always stayed away from "revolution" and "national independence movements."

  That is now. If he had not even thought about it a few decades ago, Franz would have rejected it outright.

  The reason is very practical, that is, I am worried about picking up a stone and hitting myself in the foot, causing uncontrollable consequences.

  It's different now. After so many years of operation, the fundamentals of the Holy Roman Empire, which unified language and culture, have been stabilized.

  Compared with other countries in the world at the same time, the people of Shinra still have a sense of superiority. The country is strong and the people's living standards are obviously at the forefront.

  Although social conflicts have not disappeared, they are far from the point where rebellion is needed. Even though the revolutionary wave was rising, Shinra was only slightly affected.

  The problem is that the Holy Roman Empire is no longer alone. If it can support itself, it does not mean that its younger brothers can also support it.

  Armenia with strong feudal ideas, Spain with many internal conflicts, Italian states undergoing social reforms, Little Greece with active national ideas, and France in dire straits.

  These countries all have hotbeds for the breeding of revolutionary ideas. Maybe a shot is fired in the Russian Empire, and the European continent changes.

  It would be okay if revolutions broke out one by one, Franz thought he could handle them properly; but if they all came swarming, Shinra would be exhausted.

  "The plan sounds good, but the middle level must be grasped. The Russian Empire can collapse, but the tsarist government must remain.

  We can push behind the scenes, but we cannot directly intervene in the Russian civil strife. This includes secretly supporting the revolutionary party and independent organizations. We can't be seen."

  This is not because Franz is hypocritical, but because it is a political necessity. It's enough to deceive allies secretly, but if you bring it to the table, there's no point in doing it.

  ...

  Tokyo, with the arrival of the British and Austrian navies, the mission's stance towards the Japanese government became increasingly tough.

  To be precise, the Shinra family put pressure on the Japanese government, and other countries just followed suit, while the British remained silent most of the time.

  This is the inevitable result. No matter how they operate behind the scenes, Russia and Austria are still allies on the surface.

  Now that the allies' embassies abroad have been slaughtered by the Japanese, if Shinra doesn't react at all, then there will be a problem.

  Countries around the world followed suit, and that was because the Japanese broke the rules. These rules not only safeguard the interests of great powers, but also protect the interests of small countries.

  Only within the scope of the rules of the game can everyone carry out normal diplomatic activities. After all, when the great powers are powerful, basically no one dares to offend them, and even if something happens, they can come back with revenge.

  The same cannot be said for a small country. It is completely beyond its reach to things that happen thousands of miles away. No matter how much it is wronged, it can only knock out its front teeth and swallow it in the stomach.

  Now everyone is demanding severe punishment for the Japanese government, which is essentially killing a chicken to scare the monkey out of grief.

  As the saying goes, public anger is hard to offend. Britain, which prides itself on being a civilized people, will naturally not go to war with other countries for the benefit of its Japanese allies.

  Punish them severely, and Shinra has not organized a coalition to attack. The severe punishments demanded by various countries now are nothing more than to single out a few more responsible persons and disgrace the Japanese government.

  It was the Japanese who died, and it was the Japanese government that was embarrassed. In the eyes of British Minister Enriquez, this was not a big deal.

  If it were not for the Anglo-Japanese alliance, Enriquez would have put pressure on the Japanese government to hand over the power to investigate the case.

  As both diplomats, Henriquez and the mission have the same position on the issue of maintaining the safety of diplomatic personnel.

  The sound of "rumbling" sounded like thunder in the sky. Emperor Meiji, who was dining, couldn't help but throw away the tableware in his hands.

  He hurriedly ordered the maid: "Send someone quickly to see where the cannons are being fired."

  Today is different from the past. Ever since the British and Austrian navies arrived in the Sea of ​​Japan, the Japanese navy has been ordered to stay in the camp, and even warships are prohibited from going up.

  The Japanese government is so cautious because it is afraid that the middle school boys below will not be able to stand the excitement and run out to compete with the British and Austrian navies.

  If the Japanese government of the Russian Empire gambles on its national destiny and offends a big country, it will really be in trouble.

  ...

  At the Naval Command, looking at the crowd of petitioning generals, Admiral Ito Yuhiro scolded with a livid face: "A bunch of idiots don't even look at what time it is. They are going to sea for training. Do you think I'm a fool?   Do you really think

  I'm a fool?"

After fighting two battles, you think you are invincible?

  Believe it or not, if you leave the port now, within two hours, everyone will be in the sea to feed the sharks.

  ...

  After the order is passed, all officers and soldiers should return to the barracks to rest immediately. No matter what happens, No one is allowed to board the ship."

  There was no other way. Just now, the British and Austrian navies conducted a live ammunition test firing at the port.

  Because it did not aim at the buildings on the shore, the shell landed on the water not far from the port and exploded, but the Japanese naval officers and soldiers were angered.

  When anger gets the better of you, your IQ goes off the rails. As soon as they got excited, these guys came to petition to go to sea for training and expel the "enemy navy" outside.

  The people below have a brain disorder, which does not mean that Ito Yuheng also has a brain disorder. If you really go out to cause trouble, you might be taken away by others.

  Despite the Anglo-Japanese alliance, the Royal Navy would not attack the Japanese Navy under normal circumstances; there is no core conflict of interest between Japan and Shinra, and the possibility of attacking them is not high.

  However, political matters are usually issues considered by high-level officials. There are radicals in the Japanese navy, and there are also radicals in the British and Austrian navies.

  If they really meet, no one can be sure whether the two sides will actually fight. At least Ito Yuhiro didn't think that the power of the Japanese navy could make the opponent retreat in spite of difficulties.

  It is not easy for Japan to accumulate such wealth. If it really starts to work, it will be over.

  Not to mention that you have to go to the sea to feed the sharks in two hours, and you will always suffer heavy losses and severe damage to your vitality.

  The navy is not the army. Relatively speaking, the Japanese navy is quite calm. At least under Ito Yuhiro's strict order, everyone returned to the camp obediently.

  After getting rid of these troubles, Ito Yuheng immediately went straight to the Emperor's Palace. This time it was just a test shot on the water, and the damage caused was very limited. No one can guarantee that the next time it will not target the buildings on the shore.

  Ito Yuhiro has experienced firsthand how domineering the European powers are these days. He doesn't think that the fleet outside dares to take action seriously.

  ...

  Forcing himself to suppress the anger in his heart, Emperor Meiji said slowly: "The envoy has used force to exert pressure. How do you think we should deal with it now?"

  There is no doubt that the British and Austrian navies entering Tokyo Bay are facing It is a big trouble for the Japanese government.

  Not to mention that it is simply impossible to win. Even if it could win, the Japanese government would not dare to take action.

  Fortunately, it is only a matter of force pressure and not actual shelling. Otherwise, the Japanese government would really have no choice but to cry.

  Lu Xiangshan County Youpeng: "Your Majesty, please rest assured. We have confirmed that only the British and Austrian navies arrived in Tokyo Bay, and did not bring the marines. The

  envoy is just bluffing now, trying to use political blackmail to force us to make concessions, and they have not There is no ability to initiate landings.

  Countries have limited military forces in East Asia. Even if they are all transferred, the army will still be able to protect the security of Honshu Island."

  Everyone chose to ignore Yamaxian Youpeng's assurance. Only when your brain is full of water will you start a war with other countries.

  It is useful to defend Honshu Island. Japan is an island country with scarce resources. As long as the enemy blocks the country for a year and a half, Japan will be done with it.

  The military pressure exerted by the legation can be just political blackmail, or it can turn from false to real.

  If it weren't for the fact that there were British people acting as second-in-commands and holding back the envoys, the Japanese government would have given up.

  Foreign Minister Kaoru Inoue: "Actually, the conditions of the mission are not impossible to consider. The investigation rights and trial rights they requested are not deliberately aimed at the empire. The

  main thing is the Russian embassy case, which makes them feel sad that the rabbit is dead and the fox is dead, and they want to scare the monkeys and re-establish the The majesty of international rules.

  The enemy of the empire is only the Russians. We cannot mistake the envoys for our enemies. The envoys are now targeting us at the right time. They and the Russians are not the same people.

  If we cannot take advantage of the Russians , Get rid of the envoys before arriving, maybe they will really join forces, and then the empire will be in danger."

  Prime Minister Okuma Shigenobu: "No! Letting the envoys participate in the investigation and trial is already our biggest concession, and we will have the initiative in the case. You must not let it out.

  The most feared thing in diplomacy is setting a precedent. Once this example is set, in future cases involving citizens of various countries, they will jump out to fight for the right to trial..."

  Although Inoue Kaoru has been as reserved as possible, Okuma Shigenobu It's still a bit hard to accept. Compromising with the legation may seem like a solution to the problem, but sovereignty is lost.

  Whether it is "investigation power" or "trial power", they are important sovereignty of a country. Generally speaking, it is very troublesome when it comes to national sovereignty.

  In a sense, giving up the initiative is "traitoring". Perhaps everyone here can focus on the overall situation, but the Japanese people outside do not have such an overall view.

  Ito Hirobumi interrupted: "Okuma-kun, there are priorities. It is not too late to deal with future troubles in the future. The most important thing is to get through this current period.

  In the negotiations with the delegation, I can confirm that God Minister Luo is just showing off and not going all out. Including the conditions he proposed, there are no excessive demands.

  Once the Russian representatives arrive, the situation will be completely different. For the sake of the Russian-Austrian alliance, Shinra will definitely support The Russians.

  Now all the countries on the European continent are looking at the face of Vienna. The HRE supports the Russians, and most members of the envoy will support the Russians.

  By then, it will not only be an issue of investigation and trial rights. If the Tsar If the government is willing to pay the price, it is not impossible to pull up a coalition.

  The British are unreliable. Once the European countries support the Russians, we are likely to become abandoned.

  Similar cases have occurred too many times in British history. There are many. Including the once powerful French Empire, they were all sold by the British."

  It's a bit alarmist, but the truth is correct. In international politics, when you should follow your heart, you must follow your heart.

  "It's too strong and easy to break."

  For small countries, only by being able to bend and stretch can they live longer. In this age of the jungle, being tough is a recipe for death.

  ...

  With the emergence of the joint investigation team, the Japanese people directly exploded, and slogans of protest marches resounded throughout Tokyo.

  The international students who had just arrived in Japan were shocked by the scene before them when they entered Tokyo.

  A young student couldn't hold his breath and blurted out: "This is Japan, it's too chaotic, isn't it?"

  There were people demonstrating and demonstrating everywhere, and it was impossible not to think about chaos. The social order has not collapsed, which is all the result of the efforts of the Japanese police.

  The young student who came to pick them up explained: "Japan is the most orderly country. You just came at the wrong time. Tokyo was still very prosperous in the past.

  But they have encountered trouble recently. Now the Japanese people are protesting against the Western powers. Violating their national sovereignty."

  "Japan's national sovereignty has been violated" is undoubtedly a huge ideological shock to the students from the Far East who have just gone abroad.

  Thanks to the good propaganda work of the Japanese government and its record draw with Spain, Japan is already a new power in the eyes of many people in East Asia.

  Otherwise, we wouldn’t have traveled across the ocean to learn how to make a strong country. As soon as I arrived in Tokyo, I encountered this scene.

  "Brother Bo'an, isn't Japan a powerful country in the world? How could it..."

  Before the young man could finish speaking, the young student named Bo'an interrupted: "This question is a long story.

  Now on this occasion, This is not the right topic to talk about, so you should go to my residence first to avoid getting into unnecessary trouble."

  Being in a foreign country, the most feared thing is trouble. The Far East Empire is not a master who can fight against trouble. If you encounter problems, just solve them yourself. Don't expect a bunch of ignorant officials to come forward.

  With questions, everyone came to a two-story wooden building. Although the appearance is slightly old, the interior is very sophisticated, very much in line with the low-key and restrained Chinese style.

  ...

  After making a pot of tea, the young student named Bo'an slowly said: "There are two classmates from China living here, but they were invited to participate in the parade.

  Because you are coming, I They didn't join in the fun. In fact, they didn't want to participate, but they

  couldn't resist the favor. You are new here, and if you encounter this kind of thing in the future, just hide if you can. If you really can't hide, don't rush forward.

  Especially during the recent period, if it is not necessary, try not to go out, let alone participate in club activities." The

  slightly older man asked: "Bo'an, you are so cautious, what happened recently?"

  "I thought you were... You know, it seems that the news from home is still seriously lagging behind. Half a month ago, an anti-Russian demonstration broke out in Tokyo.

  I don’t know what happened midway. People participating in the demonstration rushed into the Russian Embassy in Tokyo, and all Russian diplomatic staff All were killed.

  After the Russian embassy case broke out, it triggered a strong backlash from the embassies of various countries in Tokyo, and a mission was established under the leadership of Britain and Austria. After the

  establishment of the mission, the investigation and trial powers surrounding the Russian embassy case were closely related to those of the Japanese government. A fierce conflict occurred.

  Yesterday at noon, the British and Austrian navies also bombarded Tokyo Bay. The specific situation is unknown. Anyway, the Japanese government gave in. Not

  only did it transfer the leadership of the case, but under pressure from the mission, it also Members of several societies including the Anti-Russian Revenge Society and the Iron-Blooded Revenge Society were arrested.

  After the news spread, a movement to safeguard sovereignty broke out in Tokyo today, demanding that the government release the arrested Russian embassy suspects and reject the intervention of the diplomatic mission in the embassy case.

  Regardless of the final outcome How about it, Tokyo will probably be in chaos for a while. This has nothing to do with us, so you'd better not get involved."

  Looking at the stunned expressions on everyone's face, you can tell that they have been stunned by the news.

  It's impossible to get involved. It's too late to hide from such a thing. Unless they are tired of living, normal people will not join in the fun.

  (End of chapter)

Close
神圣罗马帝国-1103.第1082章 日奸在奋斗-69书吧
2020-12-12 作者： 新海月1

  第1082章 日奸在奋斗

  真实情况，远比普通人看到的还要严重。为了确保协议顺利达成，明治政府甚至下令调离陆军。

  山县有朋的本土保卫战计划，还没有来得及开始实施，就提前一步夭折了。

  自家人知道自家事，作为日本千年来的高光时刻，明治政府可不是等闲之辈。

  国内有不稳定因素，大家都是了然于胸。俄使馆案中陆军参与的痕迹那么明显，自然不能让他们留下东京添乱了。

  借口都是现成，日俄关系破裂，边界局势紧张，需要调军队过去增援。

  大义绑架谁都会，政客们的玩法，远不是陆军激进派那帮稚嫩少年能够比的。

  “作为军人保家卫国都不去，还敢说自己是爱国者？”

  现在是明治政府，日本上下尚未发疯，陆军自然也没有昭和时代的疯狂。

  军令如山，不管民间闹得多么沸沸扬扬，陆军都只能收拾行囊、开赴前线。

  越是激进派影响力大的部队，就越早被送上船。反倒是第四师团那样的“稳健型”部队，留到了最后。

  别看后世关于第四师团的段子多，但是到了关键时刻，还是这支部队靠谱。

  西南战争时期，第四师团就凭借出色的战绩，获得了明治天皇亲自颁发的奖状，并且还是日本陆军中唯一获此殊荣的部队。

  令第四师团倍受日本政府青睐的原因，不光是他们战斗力彪悍，最重要的还是他们足够“安分”。

  或许是文化传统的关系，这支来自大阪的部队从建立开始，就有别于其他日本军队。

  日本陆军受武士道、军***主义思想非常严重，大部分指挥官都主张士兵要有敢死精神。

  典型的代表例子就是“乃木希典”，以他原时空在日俄战争中的表现，搁在其他国家，都是要上军事法庭的存在，却被奉为了“军神”。

  在这种社会大背景下，不喜欢盲目拼命，打仗的时候爱动脑子的第四师团，就显得非常另类了。

  本来另类就受歧视，如果这支另类的部队，还倍受上层青睐，那就更加不能忍了。

  多几个类似“商贩师团”、“窝囊废师团”的雅号，那也是在所难免的。

  这些都是小问题，总之第四师团被留在本土负责善后，连同海军陆战队、宪兵队、警察一起维护国内稳定，顺便监督友军登船。

  显然，这不是什么好差事。可是没有办法，这种得罪人的“苦差事”，只有军中另类的第四师团能够胜任。

  陆军中的激进主义太猖獗了，除了相对理性的第四师团外，其他部队都是一支比一支狂热。

  总不能将这个任务交给海军陆战队吧？

  真要是让海军来监督，估计陆军上下非得精神崩溃不可，侮辱人都不待这样玩儿的。

  ……

  走在大街上，斋藤大佐明显能够感受到异样的目光，那种感觉令人非常不爽，就好像他们干了十恶不赦的事情一样。

  一名青年军官上前汇报道：“大佐阁下，这是刚刚抓捕的捣乱分子。”

  扫视了一眼被抓的倒霉蛋，斋藤皱了皱眉头。没有任何例外，被抓的大部分都是学生。

  一个个都昂首挺胸、趾高气昂，好像干了一件了不起的事情，仿若刚刚大胜的斗鸡不可一视。

  不用想也知道，又是一群被忽悠傻了中二少年。

  正常人被抓到，就算是不急呼冤枉，那也是胆若寒蝉，想方设法为自己脱罪，哪有什么傲气。

  “做得不错，上村君。把他们带下去，好生看护者，剩下的事情交给政府处理吧！”

  类似的情况，最近见得实在是太多了，斋藤大佐已经丧失了和他们理论的兴致。

  没有办法，想要说服一帮没有受过社会毒打的中二少年，实在是太难了。

  某种意义上来说，民间的狂热也是日本政府自己种下的苦果。以下克上的传统，也并非是与生俱来。

  导致这一切发生的根本原因，还是西化带来的后遗症。盲目学习西方的各种制度，好的、坏的、适合的、不适合的都一股脑抄了过来。

  “脱亚入欧”可不仅仅只是一个口号，而是付诸了实际行动。日本陆军最狂热，那是他们在组建新军的时候最先效仿的是法兰西。

  不同于法国人的见多识广，没有经历过各种思想风暴洗礼的日本人，不可避免的被带偏了。

  想走捷径是人之常情，国家也是有人组成的，不可避免的也要受影响。

  在“要学就学最先进的”指导思想之下，日本陆军在巴黎接触到了能够在短期内提高军队战斗力的“军***主义思想”，而后又在普鲁士找到了现实模板。

  没得说，抄了。或许是认为单纯的“军***主义”还不够，日本陆军在现代化进程中，又加入了独具特色的武士道精神。

  第四师团受影响较小，那是因为士兵大都来自商业氛围浓厚的大阪，眼界、见识相对更广一些。

  同样的理由，对海军也适用。知道的多了，看问题的时候就不再那么片面。

  就如同这次公使团干涉事件，陆军中的激进派甚至喊出了“不惜一战”的口号；而见识更广的稳健派们，想的则是赶快了结。

  很明显斋藤大佐在思想上就相对保守，对中二少年们的做法，他给出的评价是“无知者无畏”。

  “不惜一战”说起来轻松，真要是打起来了，日本有一战之力么？

  不是斋藤妄自菲薄，实在是实力差距太大。亲身参与过菲律宾战争，见识到了法兰西雇佣兵的战斗力之后，他就深深认识到了日本陆军和世界顶尖陆军之间的差距。

  陆军比不了，海军的差距就更大了。海战西班牙可没有请雇佣兵。

  从收集到的情报来看，西班牙海军早就腐朽堕落了，战术老套、士气低迷、官兵贪生怕死……

  可就是这只看上去腐朽的不像话的西班牙海军，硬是以实际行动，让日本各界认识了什么是“百年海军”。

  没有办法，这些压箱底的东西，英国人可不会教。

  细节上的经验，只有靠时间慢慢积累。吃亏、上当的次数多了，经验教训自然也就有了。

  傍晚时分，结束了一天工作的斋藤大佐，此刻正在奋笔疾书，写一天的工作总结。

  古今中外都一样，抓了人就少不了要写报告。只有把前因后果都交代清楚了，后面接手的司法人员才好着手处理。

  “叮铃铃、叮铃铃……”

  办公桌上的电话铃声响起，斋藤大佐无奈的放下了笔，调整了几秒情绪，礼貌的的回复道：“我是斋藤纯一郎，请问你是哪位？”

  “这里是俄使馆案联合调查团，现令贵部明天上午将所有的缉押人员，全部送到东门……”

  相比斋藤大佐的礼貌，电话另一头的回复就要傲气得多了。不仅没有自我身份介绍，连客套的话都没有多说一句，完全是一副命令的口吻。

  没有办法，人在屋檐下不得不低头。这年头的欧洲人走到哪里都高人一等，加上使馆案之前被日本政府欺骗，本身就有一肚子火，现在自然还有好态度了。

  莫说是他这样的中层军官，就连日本政府高层，在调查团中都得不到应有的尊重。

  对方的语气令人不爽，斋藤大佐却不能置气，急忙解释道：“阁下，我们抓捕的只是普通聚众闹事罪犯，和俄使馆案没有任何关系……”

  不管有没有关系，那都必须要没有关系。斋藤确实对中二少年们不感冒，但是不等于他可以看着这帮“爱国者”去死。

  没有办法，一般人送了过去，调查过后还有出来的可能，中二少年那绝对是有去无回。

  无知者无畏，稍微忽悠或者是刺激一下，这些人就敢承担责任。

  不是什么事，都适合充大头。俄使馆案闹得这么大，现在是甭管牵扯到了多少人，只要你敢承认，人家就敢杀。

  别看这些中二少年现在似乎没什么用，但这些人的的确确都是日本的未来。人都是会成长的，现在中二不等于未来也中二。

  为了保住这些爱国人士，最近这段时间斋藤大佐交出的嫌疑犯，大都是地痞流氓。

  在他看来这些人，反正都是社会蛀虫，还不如废物利用，拿出去供公使团出气算了。

  没错，在很多日本人看来，公使团最近的强势逼迫，就是为了“出一口气”，顺带羞辱日本帝国。

  追查凶手？

  作为地头蛇的日本政府，自己倾尽全力都查不出来黑手是谁，就凭公使团找来的外来户就行？
  幕后挑事的找不到，那就只能抓当天游行示威活动的策划者、参与者。

  “斋藤大佐，请你认识到问题的严重性。有没有关系，是不是凶手调查团说了算，不需要你代俎越庖来判断。”

  蛮横的声音，不光浇灭了斋藤大佐的热情，也暴露了说话者的身份。

  见沟通失败，斋藤大佐冷冰冰的回复到：“冈田君，别忘了你的身份。

  替洋人办事，残害自己的同胞，终归有一天是要遭报应的。”

  这个世界从不缺乏二五仔，日本自然也不例外。政府都想着脱亚入欧，想做外国人的普通人那就更多了。

  如果只是想做外国人，那只是个人选择，自然不算什么大事，远远算不上二五仔。

  令人讨厌的原因，还是这些家伙“端起碗吃饭，放下晚就坑娘”。

  公使团要调查俄使馆案，光靠他们那点儿人明显不够，这个时候需要熟悉日本国情的日奸们上场了。

  令主子另眼相看的机会难得，这次的俄使馆案，明显就是日奸们最好的舞台。

  公使团早就将大饼画好了。只要将俄使馆案办好了，各国使馆都会从表现优异者中，招录一批熟悉日本社会环境的热心人士。

  对很多人来说，这可是一步登天的机会。不仅能够顺利拿到国籍，还获得正式外交人员编制。

  别小看这个不起眼普通工作人员身份，能够令日奸们趋之若鹜，这背后隐藏的利益可不是一般的大。

  不仅做买办中介业务方便了，更重要的是能够实现阶层跨越，一下子就可以进入日本上流社会。

  冈田就是其中的佼佼者，靠着细心善于发现挖掘的天赋，在俄使馆案调查中发挥了重要作用。

  尽管没有抓到什么大鱼，但是小鱼小虾却网了一箩筐，倍受公使团的青睐。

  人才难得，目前已经有不少国家向他伸出了橄榄枝。没有做出选择，那是冈田还在等更好的机会。

  没错，普通欧洲国家已经不能令冈田上心了，他想要的是加入不列颠或者是神罗。

  不列颠在日本占据了最大的市场份额，跟着英国人混，能够带来丰厚的经济回报。

  作为后起之秀的神罗，因为没有深耕日本市场，占据的贸易份额略小，但是未来的潜力大。

  还有一个重要原因，那就是在神罗成为“大名”（贵族）的概率更高，英国虽然也有贵族封号，但那都是虚的。

  尽管尚未没有收到两国使馆的正式邀请，但是冈田对自己很有信心。

  俄使馆案的调查才刚刚开始，他就从竞争对手中脱颖而出，受到了公使团表扬。

  自认为高人一等的冈田，被叫破了身份后，心情一下子恶劣了起来。

  “斋藤大佐，我的事情就不需要你操心了，还是先做好自己的工作吧！
  反应这么激烈，该不是俄使馆案，你也有份吧？”

  言者或许无心，听者却有意。反正斋藤大佐是被吓着了，对冈田扣帽子的能力，他算是领教了。

  到了现在这一步，无论是谁和俄使馆案扯上关系，最终都是悲剧收场。

  截止到目前为止，日本军政两界已经有多位要员，因为子女坑爹、坑爷爷，遭受了无妄之灾。

  欧洲世界虽然不流行株连九族，但是日本政府不能没有表示啊！切腹倒是不至于，提前回家养老却是必须的。

  牵连上的都要倒霉，直接参与进去，那就更不用说了。没查到就算了，一旦被查到了就等待国际法庭的裁决吧！

  “冈田君，饭可以乱吃，话可不能乱说。这样的玩笑，最好还是不要乱开。

  要不然让人误以为你办案，就是凭空捏造罪名，找人充当替罪羊顶缸，那就不好了。”

  输人不输阵，斋藤大佐也是豁出去了。反正他又没参与俄使馆案，根本就不怕查。

  作为一名日本陆军的中层军官，就算是有人想栽赃陷害，军方也不会答应。

  真要是惹出事情来，自己固然要倒霉，对方也讨不了好。公使团需要的是帮忙查案子的狗，而不是四处惹是生非的狗。

  一旦丧失了公使团的信任，不再提供庇护，冈田这种二五仔，那是分分钟沉尸东京湾的节奏。

  (本章完)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1104.Chapter 1083: Human Relations-69 Book Bar
2020-12-13 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1083: Human Relations
  Similar skirmishes are still taking place between the investigation team and various departments in Japan. But most of the time, it ends with Japanese government officials giving in.

  Including Colonel Saito is no exception. No matter how reluctant he is, he still has to be obedient in the end.

  There is no other way. In order to end the Russian embassy case as soon as possible and get rid of the plague gods in the ministerial corps, the Japanese government has no choice at all.

  ...

  "What? Decheng was arrested, didn't he tell you to stay out of trouble?"

  Li Bo'an exclaimed.

  During the day, I was spreading common sense to my friends from China and warning them not to get involved in things. At night, I received the sad news that my friend who shared the same apartment was arrested.

  Because they couldn't let go of their feelings, two people went out to participate in the parade during the day. When they returned home at night, only one person was left.

  "Boan, it's really not our fault. In today's parade, we were just pulled over to make up the number. Regardless of shouting or holding slogans, we were always mixed in the crowd.

  Under normal circumstances, the police would only arrest the planners and those in front of us. The leader of the team. Even if there is an accident, we can run away.

  It's just different today. The Japanese government dispatched the army. The scene was too chaotic. I don't know what happened specifically. Anyway, there was a fierce conflict between the parade and the army. In the end, guns were fired.

  After the situation got out of control, the Japanese military and police went crazy and grabbed people everywhere. Because Tokucheng was too close to Taro Mitsui, he was mistaken for a member of the Iron-Blooded Revenge Society..."

  The more he spoke, the louder his voice became. Small, as if he was ashamed of himself for running away during the day. But the focus of everyone's concern is obviously not here.

  It's not like we're on a battlefield. Of course the military and police would run away if they took someone. If he really stayed and shared the joys and sorrows, he would be a real fool.

  After being silent for a while, Li Bo'an said slowly: "Okay, Deran. This is not your fault. No one wants to see Decheng's accident, but it has happened. Now we should find a way to get him!"

  "Finding people" has always been a technical job. It would be even more troublesome to recruit people from the Japanese army.

  Those who can study abroad these days are either rich or noble. Not to mention ordinary civilians, even a squire's family cannot afford to support an international student.

  There is no way, even if you go to Japan, where the cost of studying abroad is the lowest, it will cost thousands of taels of silver. This money can buy hundreds of acres of fertile land in China.

  If you study in Europe, it will be even more expensive. No matter how much you save, thousands of taels of silver will still be spent. If the results are not good, sponsorship fees will be required, which will be an astronomical figure.

  This is also the main reason why international students often work part-time. The money provided by my family is not enough. If I don't work to make money, I won't be able to successfully complete my studies.

  It's a pity that everyone's personal connections are in China, but now they are far away in a foreign country, and the connections behind them cannot be used at all.

  Wang Deran nodded and said slightly hesitantly: "On the way back, a Japanese friend told me not to act rashly now. They will try to find ways to get people to stop us from acting rashly, so as not to cause trouble   and burn ourselves

  ."

Definitely a big no-no. Especially when overseas, everyone is pursuing self-cleaning.

  If it hadn't been for the arrest of our friend, I guess everyone would just feel sad and at most help a little bit where they can.

  Li Bo'an shook his head helplessly: "I'm afraid the Japanese have no hope. There have been so many people arrested and imprisoned recently, including high-ranking officials. There are

  so many people with great hands and eyes, but they have not been able to get them out. Obviously, now this is no longer the decision of the Japanese themselves.

  If I guessed correctly, the power to deal with all suspected Russian embassy cases has now fallen into the hands of the embassy.

  The Japanese now have no time to find a scapegoat, so how can they scapegoat Decheng? Get away with it!"

  It's not that Li Bo'an is pessimistic, it's because he knows too much and sees the world too thoroughly.

  Faced with pressure from the international community, the Japanese government has chosen to give in. In this context, going against the trend is a recipe for death.

  As a bystander, he was not optimistic about the demonstrations organized by Japanese classmates from the beginning. If the parade was effective, wouldn't the great powers have to go home and eat noodles?

  What's more, this time it was the Japanese government's fault. The police in the embassy district failed to play their due role in preventing the tragedy, and the Japanese government cannot absolve itself of the blame.

  If it were the Japanese government during World War II, it might have dared to confront the international community. It is a pity that this is Japan before the Russo-Japanese War. Faced with the troops of the great powers pressing down on the country, if it does not follow its heart, it will be beaten.

  Don't look at the fact that European countries "emphasis on actual interests and despise fame", and think that their face is not important. It's really not worth the effort to go on an expedition just to save face, but there's no problem with the navy doing a quick job.

  "How about we seek help from the imperial court. Mr. Liu is also a member of the ministerial corps now, so he should be able to speak."

  The speaker was a classmate studying in Japan who came after hearing the news. The circle of international students itself is not large, and everyone needs to take care of each other when they are away from home. In the past, everyone who had a good relationship with them now basically rushes over.

  "Wuhen, stop dreaming. If you expect the imperial court to come forward, it's better to hope that the Japanese army will release them. It's

  not been a day or two since we came to Japan. When did you see Mr. Liu helping us?
  Asking the imperial court for help will be in vain. In addition to wasting money, it will not achieve any effect at all, and may even affect our development after returning to China." The

  young man's words resonated with everyone. Almost all students studying in Japan have no favorable impression of the decadent imperial court in China.

  In a sense, the Far Eastern Empire's minister abroad is just a scapegoat. How do diplomats perform when there is a government that does more than does less?
  Regardless of whether it is a big or small matter, justified or not, as long as people protest, the domestic government will become soft.

  Fighting hard based on reason will not only have no effect, but will actually affect your career. As things continued like this, the ministers stationed abroad naturally became passive and sabotaged their work.

  In fact, everyone present was considered relatively stable. If it were left to the radicals, they would be clamoring for the overthrow of the imperial court at this time.

  Of course, "stable" is only temporary. With the spread of revolutionary ideas, sooner or later "rebellion" will become the mainstream idea among international students.

  "The imperial court also has its own difficulties. It is now widely rumored that international forces are involved, and the Russian embassy case is planned to provoke a war between Japan and Russia.

  Under this background, the imperial court's rash involvement is likely to arouse the suspicion of various countries. Mr. Liu It is impossible to act rashly.

  Judging from the current situation, we can only ask the Chinese Association for help. There are many people engaged in overseas trade there and have wide connections, so they should be able to speak."

  Instead of asking for help from the government, we turn to the private sector. Organizations looking for help. I have to say, this is also an irony.

  However, this is reality. Not all overseas businessmen are warm-hearted and will help with anything.

  The main thing is that international students are valuable to them, or the personal connections behind international students are valuable to them.

  Those doing trade in East Asia cannot avoid the Far Eastern Empire. Having the help of a local snake is definitely much better than not having one.

  Even if you don't need it for a short time, these favors will not be in vain. Most of the international students these days are the elite of the times.

  When you are overseas, you are inconspicuous, but once you return home, your worth will double immediately. I don’t say that every international student will be able to rise to the top, but most of them will do well.

  The Chinese society is a society of favors, and everyone is happy to sell favors if they can.

  Li Bo'an: "Brother Yaoyang's suggestion is good. It is really the best way to ask the Chinese Association for help at the moment. There

  are many compatriots there who have obtained foreign nationalities and have connections with embassies of various countries. It is better to ask them for help than to work on our own. Much more.

  It's best for us to pool together a sum of money now and send it to the Chinese Guild Hall for them to help take care of it. It would be best if we can directly fish out Decheng. Even if it doesn't work, let someone take care of it.

  " Overseas trade is not only about courage, but also about connections.

  Foreign businessmen who do not have the support of the state can thrive overseas, and naturally they will not lack personal connections.

  Relying on personal connections is a big favor, and asking people to pay for it is unjustifiable. Even if you send it over, others may not accept it, so you still have to send it.

  The people present are all elites. Although they are young, they are still very skilled in human relations, so naturally no one will refuse.

  No matter how much or how little money you have, you have to be considerate of it. If word spreads, it will be all for the sake of friends.

  With this reputation, it will be much easier to socialize in the future. After all, everyone likes friends who are loyal enough.

  There is nothing to blame, it is the nature of human nature to tend to be powerful. After receiving the news, if everyone is willing to come and help, it is all a favor.

  Seeing everyone generously donating their money, Li Bo'an smiled and said: "It's not enough to just have money. It's also troublesome for the Zhonghua Guild Hall to find people to help.

  At this point, everyone should stop hiding it. If you don't use your personal connections, Get started, I can't give away this money."

  All smart people can see that this is Li Bo'an's real purpose. Whether it is discussing countermeasures or making donations, we are paving the way for the future.

  ...

  　"The Eastern Emperor of the Warring States Period" was recommended by readers.

  　　The protagonist traveled to the middle of the Warring States Period. When he opened his eyes, he saw that Le Yi led the five-nation coalition to defeat the main force of the Qi army, and was leading the Yan army to attack Linzi, the capital of Qi.

  　　At this moment, Qi State has only a few thousand soldiers in Linzi. There are tyrants above, traitorous officials among them, and rebellious people below. The country is in chaos.

  　　With the main goal of saving the nation, he tried his best to fight against Le Yi and fight with wits and courage to prevent Qi from repeating history and falling into ruin.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1105.Chapter 1084 Chinese Guild Hall-69 Book Bar
2020-12-13 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1084: Chung Hwa Guild Hall
  For young students, asking for help is a difficult task in itself. Although before studying abroad, my family members with overseas connections all told me, but everyone still adheres to the principle of not using it if they can .

  Since ancient times, debts of gratitude have been the most difficult to repay. Especially in this era where morality has not yet been corrupted, it is even more difficult to repay the debt of gratitude.

  It's not Li Bo'an's deliberate calculation, the main reason is that there is no preliminary preparation, I'm afraid many people will shrink back.

  Most of the people present got to know each other after studying abroad. Mainly because they were living in a foreign country and needed to cuddle up for warmth. To say how deep the friendship is, that's not necessarily true.

  Except for a few who have deep friendships, most people are just ordinary friends. Everyone is happy to help out when they can, which is the icing on the cake.

  Finding help may seem simple, but it depends. At this juncture, the price to fish out the person suspected of the "Russian Embassy Case" is absolutely extraordinary.

  Efforts are directly proportional to benefits. The greater the power someone uses, the greater the favor owed. These debts of gratitude will need to be repaid in the future.

  Now that all the money has been paid, if you want to shrink back, then don't even think about being in the circle. Favor debts can be repaid slowly, but if the reputation is ruined, there will be nothing left.

  At this point, whether it is sincere or just a joke, we must continue to act.

  "It should be so. Decheng is our best friend. How can we stand by and watch when something like this happens? It's better to choose a

  different day. Why don't we go to the Chinese Guild Hall to visit early tomorrow morning and learn about this matter as soon as possible."

  Huo Yaoyang was upright. Said awe-inspiringly.

  After all, he was still too young, and his emotions were exposed when he spoke. The slight frown on his brows was enough to prove that he was unwilling deep down.

  It's just that he was the one who asked for help from the Chinese Guild Hall. He originally wanted Li Bo'an and others to help, but unfortunately someone got better and moved everyone on board.

  It's okay to be unhappy, but there's no such thing as holding a grudge. On the contrary, he admired Li Boan's character and reaction ability.

  Although he doesn't go to the extent of inserting himself into others, he is willing to plan for his friends and has outstanding personal abilities. He will definitely be the first choice for everyone to make friends with.

  You can't avoid it anyway, so you might as well take the initiative, appear more responsible, and establish prestige among international students.

  Don't think that these are useless. The Far Eastern Empire attaches great importance to international students these days. Anyone who has returned from studying abroad will not have to worry about having someone to support him.

  The international student group broke with the government only after revolutionary ideas took root in the hearts of the people. The right thing to do now is to make connections and lay the foundation for your future official career.

  Loyalty is still very popular these days, especially among young students, and "loyalty" is regarded as a good quality.

  Those who are usually more active now express their support, so naturally no one will oppose it. Even though I was reluctant in my heart, I was embarrassed to say it when I saw that other people were supporting me.

  The goal was achieved, and Li Bo'an breathed a deep sigh of relief. With the help of the network behind everyone present, the arrested Decheng finally had hope of being rescued.

  As for how to repay the debt to Decheng in the future, that is not within the scope of Li Boan's consideration. If you can save a life, it is all thanks to the blessing of your ancestors. How can you be picky and picky?

  ...It

  is said that the Chung Hwa Guild Hall originated during the Chenghua period of the Ming Dynasty, but the specific time cannot be verified. Anyway, from East Asia to Nanyang, from Nanyang to Europe and the United States, wherever the number of Chinese is large , there will be a Chinese guild hall.

  Perhaps due to the influence of Western culture, the classical Chinese architecture incorporates a bit of European style.

  A plaque with the words "All under heaven is for the commonwealth" hangs above the head, as if to tell the purpose of the ancestors in establishing this hall.

  In the context of the Far Eastern Empire's neglect of affairs, the Chinese Guild Hall was not only a platform for overseas Chinese to communicate and help each other, but also shouldered the important task of coordinating neighborhood disputes and arbitrating internal commercial disputes among the Chinese.

  Generally speaking, the president and vice-president are held by local respected Chinese leaders. In some areas, there are also director positions responsible for assisting the president in handling daily affairs.

  Originally the same was true for the Tokyo Chinese Association, but with the sound of the Sino-Japanese War of Sino-Japanese War, the situation of the Chinese in Japan took a turn for the worse, and the Chinese Association was forced to close its doors for a time.

  Forced into desperation, everyone could only find a Nanyang Chinese nobleman to act as the nominal leader.

  Gold always shines. Although there are few wars in the Nanyang region and there are few opportunities for military merit and nobility, there are still Chinese who have become the nobility of the Shinra through their own efforts.

  Titles of nobility are still very useful these days, especially for nobles from a large empire like Shinra. There is no guarantee that it will be a deterrent all over the world, but at least it is enough in Japan.

  It only opened a clubhouse to serve as a communication platform within the Chinese community, and it did not violate local laws. Naturally, the Japanese government could not continue to find trouble.

  Otherwise, it would involve diplomatic disputes with Shinra. Unreasonably disturbing the three points is aimed at weak countries. The Japanese have always been very reasonable when facing strong countries.

  Since it makes sense, then things will be easier to handle. With the support of Japanese Chinese, the Chinese Association in Tokyo quickly established a foothold in the local area.

  In order to avoid trouble, the guild hall is located near Embassy Street. As long as the movement here is slightly louder, it will disturb the embassy area.

  Obviously, such a geomantic treasure is not accessible to ordinary people. For this location selection, the Chung Hwa Guild Hall also spent a lot of money.

  Not only is buying land expensive, but more importantly, managing relationships is expensive. The embassies of various countries in the embassy district were all like one family, and they all presented a generous gift.

  Important Western-style festivals, and a gift is indispensable. It’s not surprising that there are many people giving gifts. Over time, personal connections will be established.

  Not all of them are friends, but at least there is a familiar face among them. A big favor can't help, but a small favor is still no problem.

  Of course, the core reason for being able to make these connections is that the president of the China Guild Hall is a Shinra noble.

  They are equal in terms of status and are qualified to play with everyone. Otherwise, others may not accept the gifts given to them.

  Once a network of relationships is established, things will be easier to handle. As long as the "money" is in place again, for many problems that the guild hall cannot solve or is inconvenient to deal with, you can ask "friends" in the embassy area for help.

  In this regard, Chinese businessmen are still very talented. Especially those engaged in overseas trade, as long as they are on a large scale, there are not many backers behind them?

  Regardless of whether it is giving away shares or doing business as a partnership, a group of "big people" are bound by interests.

  In essence, the Chung Hwa Association is a large network of relationships. It not only connects overseas Chinese, but also includes bureaucrats and nobles from some European countries in the Far East...

  This network of relationships is the reason why everyone is willing to find the China Association to solve their problems. Anyway, the backstage here is strong enough. Even if it doesn't work out, you don't have to worry about getting involved.

  ...

  After everyone explained their purpose, the old man who received them shook his head: "This matter is not easy to handle!" "

  To tell you the truth, not one or two Chinese have been mistakenly arrested in recent times. You are not the first wave of people to come to our door for help.

  The Russian embassy case is too big, and the Japanese government now has too much to take care of. In order to give an explanation to the embassy, ​​the police, military police, and the army are all frantically arresting suspects.

  These are just the surface. According to news

  on Rumors.

  It is said that before the Russian embassy case broke out, someone deliberately provoked a conflict. The Japanese government wanted to use the instigator as an excuse to find a third-country black hand.

  Because there was too little evidence and it was just one-sided words from the Japanese, the embassy had no idea. I don’t believe it.

  But we still can’t take this lightly. Now we must keep a low profile to avoid getting into trouble. Not only do we get ourselves involved, but we also implicate the country. I originally wanted to send someone to

  remind you, but I didn’t expect that some of the international students were also arrested. . It seems that the situation is not good!"

  "It's difficult to handle." It doesn't mean that it can't be handled. The art of speaking among Chinese people has always been full of mysteries.

  Unfortunately, before everyone could breathe a sigh of relief, the old man's next words hit everyone's hearts to hell again.

  "The mastermind behind the scenes in a third country", you will know how scary it is when you hear it. The people present were all passionate young people, and no one wanted to take the blame for the country because of their own reasons.

  Compared with rescuing Decheng who was arrested and imprisoned, the latter is obviously more important. Once this blame is taken, it will be a Japanese-Russian mixed doubles match.

  Li Bo'an, who was the first to react, immediately cooperated and said: "President Liu, such a big matter is really embarrassing for this junior and others.

  At this critical moment, you still have to make the decision, and we will all obey your orders."

  When the sky falls, the taller ones bear it first. It's simply not their group of international students' turn to worry about.

  Shifting the blame is not an easy task. Not only does the Japanese government have the final say, but the diplomatic corps and the Russians also agree.

  It’s not that everyone is belittling themselves, but it’s really too embarrassing for them to plan the Russian embassy case because of the corruption of the domestic court.

  If it is so powerful, why bother only planning the Russian embassy case? If there is another Shinra or Britain, the Japanese government will take good care of it.

  (End of chapter)

Close
神圣罗马帝国-1106.第1085章 南洋大学-69书吧
2020-12-14 作者： 新海月1

  第1085章 南洋大学
  似乎很满意众人的表现，身着华服的老者微微一笑，慢条斯理的说道：“人是在游行中被抓的，想要直接捞出来是不可能的。

  做错事是要付出代价的。不管是什么原因，参与了游行示威活动，就是在和公使团作对，惩罚肯定是要有的。

  不过也不是所有人都需要掉脑袋。除了游行的组织策划者和涉案人员跑不掉外，其他参与者都是从犯——罪不至死。

  这次牵扯的人非常多，国际社会都在密切关注，公使团会组建国际法庭审判。

  在审判结束前，我们只能打点一下，让他们在里面的日子好过一些。能够操作的是审判过后的服刑地点。

  使馆案的受害者是俄国人，服刑地点很有可能在远东或者是西伯利亚。都是冰天雪地的鬼地方，基本上可以算是有去无回。

  我们能够做的，就是替他们选一个好地方。等风头过去了，再想办法把人捞出来。”

  听到这个答案，众人皆是一脸错愕。要知道审判前捞人和审判后捞人是两个截然不同的概念。

  前者可以当作什么都没有发生，出来后低调一阵子，事情就算揭过去了；后者那就是永恒的政治污点。

  在远东帝国这种畏洋如虎的国度，政府可不敢任用一个跟着日本人混，又和列强对着干的愣头青。甭管个人能力有多强，政治前途都是一片昏暗。

  一名蓝衣青年，声音颤抖的说道：“刘会长，你看还能不能再想想办法？一旦接受了国际法庭审判，德成的未来就全毁了！”

  没有办法，作为同族兄弟，两人又是一起去参与游行的。现在自己没事，堂弟却进去了，王德然根本就没办法回家交代。

  搞不好还会被人怀疑是别有用心，故意坑害堂弟，以谋夺家族政治资源。

  说话间，王德然已经跪了下来。从小到大，他都没有这么低头求过人，但是现在没有办法。

  这一跪，既是为堂弟的政治前途求人，也是为自己的政治前途求人。

  男儿膝下有黄金，却挡不住书生意气。见王德然跪下了，几个平常交好的朋友，也跟着跪了下去。

  剩下的人一看没办法，只能把心一横，强忍着不情愿跟上。

  这次轮到老者坐不住了。虽然在国内长者接收晚辈的跪拜，只是传统礼仪并不算什么，但这里是日本。

  受欧洲思想影响，新一代的年轻人，对跪拜礼仪可是万分抵触。

  刘会长接待众人是提前进行政治投资、交朋友，可不是来结仇的。

  一边用双手拖起最近的一人，一边故作惶恐的说道：“诸位，快快请起！”

  见众人不起身，刘会长瞬间变脸：“你们这是折煞老夫啊！”

  话毕，竟然也做出要回拜的架势。众人瞬间惊醒，连忙起身上前扶助。

  儒家的礼仪规矩早已深入人心，大家可没有忘记自己是以什么身份过来的。

  晚辈向长辈下拜，那是应有之义；要是让长辈向晚辈下拜，大家就别想在回去混了。

  一阵商业互吹之后，众人回到了自己的座位上。话题再次回到了中心点——捞人。

  刘会长无奈的说道：“诸位，不是老夫不肯帮忙，实在是心有余而力不足。

  俄使馆案牵扯太大，谁参与进去都出不来。

  你们可能不知道，包括日本政府警务大臣、东京警察局长、使馆区安全负责人在内的多名高官，都已经在家中切腹自尽了。

  为了减轻自己的责任，日本政府都快要疯了。这个时候，无论是谁凑上去都讨不了好。

  想要捞人，除非是公使团出面。我们和各国使馆虽然有几分交情，但是也没有到能够请动各国公使的地步。”

  不是请不动，主要还是不值得下血本。如果这些人背后的力量更强大一些，或者是背后的家族愿意下血本，也不是不能商量。

  请公使团出马，又不是要所有的公使一起出面，只需要其中的一位或者是两位开口，就足够了。

  要做到这一点，说难也难，说简单也简单。最直接有效的方法就是砸钱，公使团中的十几名公使，总会有贪财的。

  对这些人的属性、喜好，中华会馆早就摸得明明白白，送礼渠道都是现成的。

  没有使用砸钱大法，最关键的还是被殃及池鱼的，不只有一个王德成。

  最近一段时间，刘会长已经先后遇到了十几起。很多人都是延续了无妄之灾，相比之下王德成还算是活该的。

  日本人抗议公使团侵犯主权，你一无关人士跑去凑什么热闹？既然敢去参加游行，就要做好承担后果的准备。

  自己做死的都能够捞出来，那么其他被冤枉的，自然不能丢在里面不管啊！

  作为一个民间组织，中华会馆能够在日本立足，靠得就是众多华人的支持，倚仗的就是处事公正，关键时刻能够帮大家解决麻烦。

  捞一个人出来，和捞一群人出来的难度，那是完全不一样的。

  真要是那么干了，估计中华会馆这些年积攒下来的人脉，非得一次性耗尽不可。

  何况，这还只是一个开始。伴随着俄使馆的调查延续，未来还不知道有多少同胞会被殃及池鱼。

  现在就把人脉资源用光了，未来可就没得玩了。纯粹靠往里面砸钱，中华会馆可那么富裕。

  能够成为中华会馆的副会长，负责日常工作，并且获得华人群体的广泛认可，刘会长自然不是等闲之辈。

  帮忙可以，但绝对要量力而行。权贵需要照顾，普通人也不能忽视。前者能够带来利益，后者能够带来名声。

  正是把握好了其中的度，出身并不显赫，身家也不是最高的刘会长，才能够成为日本华人世界的领袖。

  至于会长，人家一直都在南洋地区混，连日本都很少来，根本就不管事。

  最大的贡献就是让会馆和各国使馆建立了联系，扛住了来自日本政府的压力。

  沉默了半晌功夫后，李伯安开口说道：“刘会长，可否替我们引荐何塞公使。”

  显然，他已经看出了刘会长的用意。国人的传统就是如此，说话只说三分。剩下的七分懂的人自然会懂，不懂的人也不需要懂。

  相比之下，刘会长已经非常够意思了。怕大家年轻听不懂，近乎明了的给出了建议“找公使团成员”。

  尽管中华会馆扮演着八面玲珑的角色，但是真正的后台还是只有一个。

  现在想要捞人也一样，看似各国公使都能够说上话，但真正有份量的也就那么几家。

  想要托关系送礼，那也必须要找到正主。普通的小国公使，就算是肯帮忙，也未必能够起到作用。

  和聪明人说话就是简单，一点即透。在内心深处，刘会长已经给众人进行了打分。

  政治投资也是需要有选择性的，不是所有人都值得提前投入。大部分人建立点头之交，混几分人情就够了。

  真正需要用心结交的，永远都是有真材实料的主。只有这些聪明人，才能够在官场上爬得更高、走得更远。

  “引荐倒是问题不大，不过你们先做好准备。或许你们也听说过，神圣罗马帝国在吏治上管理的非常严格。

  直接送钱，不仅起不到作用，反而有可能得罪人。

  对你们来说，这也是一个机会。如果能够借机同神罗建立关系，对你们未来的仕途也很有帮助。”

  绝对是真心话，如果不是李伯安反应足够快，让刘会长看到了潜力，他是绝对不会提点这么多的。

  20世纪初的东亚，仍然是列强驰骋的疆场。即便是封闭的远东帝国，也没有能够抵御住时代的洪流。

  时至今日，想要在官场上混得好，同列强打好关系就是一门必修课。

  同为列强也不一样，相对而言同日俄这些侵略性国家交好更容易挨骂，反倒是同不在东亚扩张的神罗结交更加安全。

  国人也不是傻子，哪些是侵略者哪些不是，大家还是一目了然的。

  神罗为什么不东扩，外界的解释也是众说纷纭。有人猜测是顾忌兰芳自治省民众的感情，毕竟这里是纳税大户。

  每年上交的赋税，占据了奥属南洋全部财政收入的百分之四十，最关键的是这属于纯利，不需要支付行政开销。

  其他地区看似收入更高一些，但是在扣除行政经费之后，就已经所剩无几，部分岛屿还要倒贴。

  每年稳步增长的收入，那就是稳稳的幸福，远比直接暴力掠夺要强。

  双方也是各取所需，最近几十年来，兰芳自治省一直都非常稳定，就算是有问题那也是内部解决。

  除非是外交上的问题，需要中央政府出面解决，其他的方面从来不给中央政府添麻烦。

  神罗正处于巅峰时期，又不是王朝末年，中央政府自然不会搞什么幺蛾子，折腾自家的钱袋子。

  另一种说法是：神罗皇帝痴迷东方文化，产生了特殊的感情，不让下面的人东扩。

  这一点，到过维也纳宫的都知道。充满东方文化气息的建筑物、收藏，确实多了些。

  至于能不能影响君主的决策，这就没人知道了。不过在君主制国家，君主个人的喜好确实能够影响国家政策。

  搞不清具体真相，但是人家不来侵略自己，那肯定是一件好事。

  对比一帮时刻想要入侵自己国家的主，一个从来不入侵自己的列强，明显看起来要亲切一些。

  在这种背景下，不仅外交层面关系更好，民间同样也受到了影响。虽然不是所有人都有好感，但至少没有仇恨。

  ……

  俄使馆案还在继续发酵中，身处南洋总督府的威廉皇子，却陷入了无尽的麻烦中。

  如果将南洋地区视为殖民地，依附神罗而生存，那么这些问题都不是问题。

  可惜现在局势已然发生了变化，要成为一个独立邦国，那么很多问题就必须要解决了。

  某种意义上来说，这也是老子在分家产。长子继承家业，拿到了最大的一份，作为次子同样拿到了一份丰厚的产业，只不过还需要深入经营。

  经营产业离不开人才，而殖民地最缺的恰恰就是人才。

  除了会打仗的军事人才外，包括医疗、教育、工业在内的所有行业人才，奥属南洋都缺。

  尽管在来的时候，威廉皇子已经从国内招募了一大帮的追随者，但是对诺大的南洋地区来说，还是杯水车薪。

  高科技产业神马的自然是不用想了。光搞好基础产业，完善基本配套设施，都足够威廉奋斗终生了。

  南洋地区的基础太过薄弱，没有走捷径的可能性。发展最好的兰芳地区，偏偏又是自治省。

  “自治”的问题，在神罗可是重中之重。国内还有一大帮子自治市、邦国，碰了就是严肃的政治问题。

  哪怕威廉是皇子，碰触到了这一敏感问题，那也只能乖乖回家当蛀米虫，其他的啥也不用想了。

  当然，威廉本身也没有打过兰芳自治省的主义。没别的原因，奥属南洋地区太大了，国内不可能同意全部交给自己统治。

  包括现在总督府直接管辖的区域，未来都可能被再次拆分。中央政府只保留几个大城市据点，剩下的都会建立自治邦国。

  对此，威廉倒也没有感到不满。就算是真进行了拆分，那也没有关系。

  反正最后都是肥水不流外人田，不是便宜自己的儿子，就是便宜自己的侄子。

  现在没有拆分管理，那是哈布斯堡王朝的第三代年龄太小，还撑不住场子。

  揉了揉额头，威廉总督吩咐道：“发电询问一下，国内的人才招募，进行到了哪一步。”

  现在威廉是真的理解，贵族领主们为什么从国内疯狂拉人了。不是大家钱多得没有地方花，实在是没人啥也干不了。

  以教育为例，神罗确实普及了全民义务教育，但这个“全民”仅限于全体公民。

  本土被“全民”覆盖完了，殖民地却不行。莫说是所有人都进行义务教育，就连白人族群都没有实现。

  在殖民地能够享受义务教育的，都是本土移民，外来移民先得做出一定贡献后，才有资格享受这些福利待遇。

  土著就更不用说了，没有被消灭掉，那都是遇到的领主有良心了。

  这也是神罗特色，所有的殖民地下面，都有一帮中小领主，辅助殖民政府管理地方。

  理论上来说，如果威廉不愿意管事的话，他完全可以无为而治。没有了总督府，下面的人基层政府同样会自行运转。

  当然，种族冲突在南洋地区其实并不严重。时至今日，当地人口最多已经变成了混血儿。

  真正做到了“你中有我，我中有你”。再谈种族，就是耍流氓。完善的社会秩序，加上血脉上的相连，民族概念已经相对淡化。

  当然，这也是奥属南洋地区本来人口就不多，殖民开始的时候，当地也就那么三四百万人。

  要是在人口数量众多的菲律宾、爪哇岛，想要这么玩儿就不行了。

  原时空西班牙人努力了上百年，都没有真正消化掉菲律宾，最大的原因就是当地人太多，自身移民太少。

  奥属南洋总督府直辖地区人口增长不快，但是隔壁的兰芳就是人口爆棚了。从最初的四五十万，膨胀到了现在的近千万，四十年内翻了20倍。

  事实上，这还是远东帝国担心兰芳做大后，会对大陆产生想法，有意限制的结果，要不然当地人口还不知道膨胀到了什么地步。

  亲身领略到了南洋地区的富庶之后，已经坚定了威廉开发当地的决心。

  兰芳就是现成的例子，最初的婆罗洲（加里曼丹岛），自然条件并不算好，在南洋地区根本就排不上号。

  热带雨林气候，因为临近赤道气候炎热、潮湿，除少数地区土地肥沃外，大部分地区土地都较为贫瘠，矿产资源也很一般。

  差不多和烂地划等号的地区，结果反倒是成为了南洋最富庶的地区，经济上还超过了土地最肥沃的爪哇岛。

  原因自然是因为人了，土地贫瘠也是相对而言的。对比远东帝国西北部地区的大部分土地，婆罗洲仍然是沃土。

  地力不足肥料来凑。恰好神罗又占据的几个鸟粪岛，为婆罗洲的农业发展奠定了基础。

  季节性降雨差异大，旱季缺水，可以修水库来弥补。只要有恒心，纵使没有机械，人工同样挖得出来。

  靠着埋头苦干，婆罗洲被开发了出来。有了成功的案例在，对开发其他地区，威廉自然有信心了。

  在农业领域，神罗可是这年头的王者。不光农业技术世界第一，农业基础设施建设也是世界第一。

  如果把神罗各种水利工程、基础设施加起来，无论是规模、还是数量，都比全世界其他国家加起来都多。

  事实上，南洋地区的农业并不需要操心。粮食够吃就行了，出口根本就指望不上。

  远东地区也就日本一个买家，并且还是一个穷鬼，指望农业根本就发不了家。

  真正想要发家致富，还是要靠工业，尤其是见效快的轻工业，这些都离不开人才。

  坦率的说，威廉对从国内招募人才，也没有抱有太大的信心。没有办法，抢人的太多了。

  奥属南洋的人才缺口，又不是千儿八百，靠招募根本就解决不了问题。

  想要真正解决问题，最好的办法还是自己培养。中小学好办，想想办法总能够建立起来，难的是大学。

  真正的专家教授，可不缺工作。在本土就能够过得很好，人家凭什么来殖民地吃苦？
  (本章完)

Close
神圣罗马帝国-1107.第1086章 交易-69书吧
2020-12-15 作者： 新海月1

  第1086章 交易
  有困难找老子，在古今中外都是通用的，皇子也不例外。

  可惜威廉现在正处于考察期，一封求援电报确实能够解决大部分问题，但这也意味着他的考核失败。

  想要成为一名合格的君主，首先就要具备应对困难的能力，求援显然不能证明自己的能力。

  南洋地区的发展虽然重要，但是在弗朗茨眼中，显然比不上培养一名有担当的儿子。

  殖民地嘛，经济发展慢那就慢好了，反而是是经济突飞猛进，那才需要担心尾大不掉。

  毕竟，神罗模式下的殖民体系最大的特点，就是特别能打。要是再有了钱和工业体系，很难保证不生出野心来。

  为了避免这种情况发生，从一开始神罗旗下殖民地的发展方向，都被维也纳政府给规划好了。

  首选是发展经济型农业、采矿业，为国内提供工业原材料；其次才是发展轻工业。

  至于重工业、新兴科技产业，那完全是一片空白。缺什么从国内采购就是了，完全没有必要重复发展浪费资源。

  其实也不需要专门限制，没有国内的支持，以殖民地的人才储备，根本就玩儿不转科技产业。

  伴随着海外邦国战略的制定，维也纳政府对殖民地的限制也减少了很多，尤其是皇子继任总督之后，差不多就完全放了手。

  可惜时代已经不一样了，第二次工业革命都到了尾声，工业化的门槛已经上去了。

  每次想到这里，威廉就羡慕前往奥属中美洲的兄长。虽然同样缺少人才，但是举起锄头总能够挖到。

  凭借皇子的身份，加上神罗的赫赫威名，对美洲各国的人才还是非常有吸引力的。

  很多时候，连实际代价都不用付，直接靠空头支票，都能够忽悠大一帮子人过来效力。

  尽管这些人的能力参差不齐，在专业素养上远远比不上神罗本土，但是在殖民地还是“顶尖人才”。

  靠着挖墙脚，在短短几年时间内，奥属于中美洲地区已然打下了工业化的基础。

  相比之下，奥属南洋就苦逼的多了。威廉倒是想挖墙脚，可实在是没地方下锄头啊！

  纵观整个亚洲，都找不到一个工业化国家，包括日本和远东帝国，都刚刚迈出工业化的脚步，人才缺的非常厉害。

  本来威廉对兰芳自治省寄予厚望的，以为这边经济不错，应该有不错的人才储备。

  事实上，也是如此。凭借皇子的身份，威廉抵达兰芳后立即受到了热捧。

  毕竟，神罗没有夺嫡之争，皇室内部纷争也非常小，作为皇子要么是一方诸侯，要么回国担任要职。

  甭管那一种情况，前途都是一片光明。投奔过去，那是一点儿风险都没有。

  虽然过了几十年安稳日子，但是南洋华人的危机意识并没有消失。送上门的大腿，自然要往上靠了。

  当地的大家族有一个算一个，都派出嫡系子弟到威廉麾下效力，大大充实了班底。

  确实都是人才，可惜全部都跑偏了。要是找经济人才、官僚，那是一抓一大把，从基层到高层都能够找到合适的人。

  想要玩儿工业化，那就不用指望了。在这个重文轻理工的世界，兰芳的资本家都要从神罗重金聘请技术人员。

  当然，也不是完全没有技术人才，至少基础产业工人还是有的。

  道路、水利等基建项目，以当地的人才储备，还是能够进行的。

  所以在继任南洋总督以来，威廉启动的项目基本上都是围绕着道路、水利等基础设施展开的。

  都不需要亲自去张罗，要启动一个项目，只要任命几名大家族的子弟负责，马上就会有工匠送上门来。

  和弗朗茨学的，对工匠是怎么来的，威廉从来不关心，只看结果就是了。

  要建设大学就不行了，除非是他想建立一所文科类院校，或者是军事院校，要不然教师肯定凑不齐。

  ……

  犹豫了片刻功夫后，罗德瑞格小心翼翼的回答道：“殿下，除了德雷克教授接受你的邀请外，其他人都选择了拒绝，不过他们推荐了自己的学生。”

  事实再一次证明，理想这玩意儿属于少数人。作为皇子威廉都亲自写信邀请，结果还是只请动了一名教授。

  推荐自己的学生，某种意义上来说，就是单纯在给威廉这位皇子的面子。

  要知道，威廉的邀请信也不是滥发的。哪些功成名就的存在，他都没有去自讨没趣，邀请的都是专业领域需要机会的新人。

  很遗憾，真正把人生奉献给教育和科研事业的只是少数，大部分都是普通人。

  能够成为教授的，年纪都不小了。拖家带口的，想要他们离开本土的舒适区，前往海外殖民地打拼，实在是太为难人了。

  当然，这些都不算最重要的，关键是愿意离开欧洲大陆的精英，早就被前面的贵族挖跑了。

  看看非洲大陆就知道，同样是一穷二白的开局，当地已经拥有了十几所专业大学，并且教育质量还不低。

  表面上来看，这些大学都是维也纳政府建立的，实际上更多的还是当地贵族赞助。

  不光是赞助经费，更重要的是赞助人。除了从欧洲挖的教师外，还有一部分老师直接就是当地贵族子弟。

  这也是神罗的国情，德意志地区有重视教育的传统，拥有足够资源的贵二代们，学历普遍都较高。

  相比之下，南洋地区就不具备了。并非当地贵族废材，主要是开辟奥属南洋太过顺利，分封的贵族领主偏少。

  基数小了，出现理工科人才的概率就更小了。就算是偶尔出现，那也是宝贝疙瘩，早就安排地妥妥的。

  “唉！”

  叹了口气后，威廉无奈的说道：“看来挖人，只能等经济危机了！”

  受弗朗茨的影响，几个儿子都没有无端迁怒人习惯。抢人大战，每天都在神罗上演，除了一个皇子的身份外，威廉没有任何优势。

  在这个问题上，甭指望贵族会给他面子。莫说是皇子了，就算是皇帝出面都要各凭手段。

  “殿下，其实现在建立大学也不是不行。虽然我们理工科的教师数量不足，但是其他领域还是不缺人的，派去国内学习半年就可以上任。

  以奥属南洋地区的特殊情况，我们根本就不需要按照国内的标准建立大学，直接降格按技术院校就行了。

  有德雷克教授在，加上其他人推荐的学生，我们完全可以将理工科的架子搭起来，培养基础理工人才还是没有问题的。

  反正这里又没有竞争，就算是教学质量差一点儿，也不愁没有生源。

  如果想要增加国际影响力的话，我们还可以开设军事基础教学，以帝国军队的威名，不愁没有国际学子报名。”

  罗德瑞格提议道。

  甭管教学质量怎么样，建立南洋地区第一所大学本身就是一大政绩。对正处于考核状态的威廉来说，这份政绩绝对是一大加分项。

  既然是加分项，自然是声势越大越好了。虽然神罗不提倡教育国际化，但是一所大学在国际上拥有影响力，那也是锦上添花。

  恰好，南洋大学就赶上了好时候。因为地理位置的缘故，先天就占据了优势，更何况还有神罗的加成，对东亚学子拥有莫大的影响力。

  如果脸皮厚一点儿，完全可以宣称是亚洲第一大学。至于更早建立的东京大学，忽略掉就行了。

  反正现在东亚正处于“外来的和尚好念经”阶段，东京大学远没有后世那么牛逼，在国际上的地位还不一定有某些技术院校高。

  对筹建中的“南洋大学”，只要把知名度打了出去，就算是完成了一半。至于教育质量的问题，完全可以后面慢慢弥补。

  说白了，上大学都要花好几年时间。完全可以一边开课，一边补充师资力量。

  只要最终的毕业生，质量是合格的，谁敢说南洋大学就不行了？

  威廉不确定的问：“你的意思是教学质量不够，就用生源质量来弥补。问题是这能行么？”

  尽管罗德瑞格没有直说，但是两度提出了“不缺生源”，明显就是最好的暗示。

  “殿下，好学校一样能够培养出坏学生，烂学校同样也有好学生。

  在教学资源一样的背景下，出现这样的分化，明显就是学生自身的问题。

  我们用的教材、管理模式，都可以完全照搬国内的高校。

  只要我们招收的学生质量足够好，愿意深入钻研，就算是师资力量有所欠缺，也无伤大雅。”

  坑人，或许存在吧！毕竟教学质量差，确实影响到了学生的学习。

  但是在这年头，能有一个高等教育的机会，都非常的不容易。多一所大学出来，就意味着增加了几百、上千个机会。

  大浪淘沙，这么多学子中，总能够淘出金子来。不求出现天纵之才，只要有部分人能够达到国内的平均水平，或者是稍微略差都算成功。

  沉思了一会儿功夫后，威廉点了点：“那就先把架子搭起来，我会和教育部沟通为学校选址，教师招聘和后续宣传工作就交给你了。

  如果教育部不能派有份量的人过来担任校长，我就亲自上。为了确保第一次招生能够顺利完成，声势必须要造起来。”

  节操神马的，在政治面前从来都不值得一提。为了政绩威廉也是拼了，甚至做好了自担任校长的准备。

  ……

  东京，伴随着沙皇政府代表的抵达，俄使馆案再次进入到了新的阶段。

  在日本政府的强力镇压之下，东京终于恢复了正常。在组织者们纷纷锒铛入狱的大背景下，东京民众抗议游行示威的活动也终止了。

  ……

  神圣罗马帝国驻东京使馆中，何塞公使放下了手中的咖啡，慎重的问道：“刘，你确定放了几名学生，就能够帮助帝国扩大在远东地区的贸易份额？”

  伴随着时间的推移，被殃及池鱼的华人留学生也越来越多。最早的倒霉蛋王德成，终于不再孤单。

  牵连到的人越多，背后活动的力量就越大。原本只准备牵桥搭线的刘会长，最终还是被说动了，做了这个说客。

  凭借对神圣罗马帝国的了解，刘会长清楚谈被捕学生是否冤枉，没有任何意义。

  想要请人帮忙，最好的办法还是利益。直接送礼太落伍了，以神罗官僚的节操，对陌生人送来的礼物，从来都是吃抹干净不办事。

  暗地里进行操作，又需要大量的时间，并且还要承担暴露的风险。

  不管是中华会馆，还是刘会长本人，都无法承担这样的风险，即便是背后的人情很香。

  送礼不行，那就送政绩。这玩意儿，所有官僚无论大小都喜欢。

  反正这些东西，有留学生背后的家族出力，他只需要做个顺水人情就行了。

  事实也是如此，听到能够扩大贸易份额，何塞公使立即就上心了。

  无非是释放几名倒霉蛋，根本就不算事儿。莫说不是凶手，就算是真的凶手，只要利益足够大，同样有商量的余地。

  “公使阁下，这些留学生的父辈，都是远东帝国政府的官员，身后的家族在远东帝国非常有影响力。

  你现在能把他们弄出来，就是他们的救命恩人。我们华人讲究知恩图报，你能够同时收获他们连同背后家族的友谊。

  要扩大贵国在远东地区的市场份额有些困难，但是扩大阁下指定的几家洋行在远东地区的市场份额，那是一点儿问题都没有。

  据说受日俄关系紧张影响，远东帝国近期又有一笔百万军购大单，目前尚未确定买家，你看……”

  不待刘会长把话说完，何塞公使严肃的脸，就笑开了花：“如果这笔订单，能够落入帝国手中，我想这不是问题。”

  没有办法，同为公使也有三六九等之分。作为驻日公使，何塞显然没有办法和驻英、驻俄公使相提并论。

  如果只是这也就罢了，偏偏日本国又太穷，想要捞取政绩都没机会。

  要不是俄使馆案爆发，他还是那个没有存在感的神罗公使，根本就没有表演的机会。

  何塞万万没有想到，自己也有被眷顾的一天。先是俄使馆案爆发，自己获得了捞取政绩的机会，现在又有一笔军购大单送上门来。

  别看百万两白银的数额并不大，但架不住军火贸易暴利了。这一单至少有数十万两白银的利润，如果算上后续弹药采购，这个利润甚至会超过现在的采购合同。

  如果拿下这笔订单，回头甩给军方，不仅能够收获一笔政绩，还能够获得军方的好感。

  对有志于仕途的何塞公使来说，这里面的意义非同一般。连带着看这位不速之客的刘会长，都顺眼了很多。

  得到了确切的答案，刘会长也松了一口气。当即保证道：“公使阁下，请放心。我们会尽力促成这笔交易，但运作需要一定时间。你看能不能先把人给弄出来？”

  不着急不行，国际法庭主持的审判会议已经开始，要是再不捞人，就要在法庭上见了。

  只见何塞公使微微一笑：“不用担心，我在国际法庭上还是能够说上话的。

  作为一群少不知事的学生，参与游行完全是受人胁迫，本身和俄使馆案并无关系。

  现在提前放出来，反而容易引起外界的猜疑。不如再等等，由国际法庭证明他们的清白。”

  真不是吹牛，作为神罗公使，何塞确实有影响国际法庭判决结果的能力。

  看看国际法庭的成员组成就知道了，大部分都是来自欧洲大陆。或许让他们违背原则进行审判，可能还有人会拒绝。但是放过几个连小鱼都算不上的虾米，那就不是问题了。

  见眼前这位不见兔子不撒鹰，刘会长欲言又止。

  (本章完)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1108. Chapter 1087 Fair Judgment-69 Book Bar
2020-12-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1087: Fair Judgment
  The wheels of history roll forward and are not changed by personal will. The man behind the scenes never showed up, and the Japanese government had no choice but to swallow the bitter fruit.

  In a sense, whether there is a mastermind behind it or not, the end result is the same. In short, the escalation of conflicts between Japan and Russia is inevitable.

  If war did not break out, it was because neither Japan nor Russia was ready for war. Now the two governments are stalling for time in a tacit understanding. Whoever completes war preparations first will take action first.

  Perhaps to relieve the pressure on the Japanese government, or perhaps it was a simple coincidence, after Christmas 1903, the London government issued an announcement announcing its withdrawal from the free trade system.

  There is no surprise that the secret negotiations between Shinra and Britain ended in failure last week.

  Even Franz's proposal for the two countries to reunite and jointly assume world hegemony was rejected by the British.

  It's right to think about it. If we continue to maintain the free trade system and jointly control the world hegemony with Shinra, it is estimated that Britain will go home to collect clothes in less than ten years.

  As vested interests, the British will not be willing to give up unless they give it a try, not to mention they still have the Royal Navy.

  Although the Royal Navy's advantages are no longer obvious, they are always advantages.

  With the collapse of the free trade system, the struggle for hegemony between HRE and Britain has no possibility of easing.

  While paying close attention to the situation in the Far East, Franz also began to prepare for the next battle for hegemony.

  Frankly speaking, Franz did not want to seize hegemony through war. Unfortunately, the reality was cruel. From the moment the British refused to compromise, the chariot of the Holy Roman Empire was launched.

  As the driver of this chariot, Franz could apply the brakes, but there was nothing he could do to stop the chariot from moving forward.

  "Frederick gave a note to all countries to convene a World Free Trade Economic Summit in Vienna next month, encouraging all countries to jointly sanction the British.

  If necessary, he can drive up the export prices of monopolistic export products to the UK, causing the British market to be out of stock in the short term. , detonating the economic crisis in advance.

  Notify relevant companies in advance so that they can prepare to reduce production and reduce our losses as much as possible. For companies that have suffered heavy losses, the government will provide corresponding subsidies as appropriate."

  Monopolistic products are self-evident, besides food, they are petrochemicals product. As for mechanical equipment, although the performance of the products produced by the British is not very good, they can still be made after all.

  Even in food and petrochemical products, HRE's monopoly is not complete. The British can still find substitutes as long as they have time.

  Unfortunately, what the British are short of is time. Before Congress passes it, even if the British government wants to reserve relevant supplies in advance, it does not have the power.

  The government did not reserve in advance, and private companies were equally unprepared. According to British practice, a policy may take decades, and no one could have imagined that the results would come out so quickly.

  Unlike Shinra's economic system where the government can intervene in the market at any time, the London government has no right to dictate to domestic companies, let alone order them to reserve raw materials in advance.

  Once the price of raw materials in the international market rises, related companies will inevitably be affected, and downstream consumption will also be greatly affected.

  Implementing trade barriers was not what Franz wanted. This is a lose-lose strategy. Although the British are not happy with the Shinra, they will also suffer heavy losses.

  Whether it is killing one thousand enemies and losing eight hundred to oneself, or killing eight hundred enemies and losing one thousand to oneself, no one can give the answer before it happens.

  The only thing that is certain is that a new round of economic crisis will erupt with the collapse of the free trade system, and all export-oriented companies will be hit hard.

  In a sense, the outbreak of the economic crisis is a countdown to war. With the two world wars of the original time and space as a template, Franz could see further than the average person.

  It is not impossible to delay the outbreak of war, but Franz cannot wait any longer.

  Now that I am about to reach the age of 74, my physical and mental qualities have been greatly reduced. If I don't start a war, I guess I will not be able to lead the war.

  After dealing with the British, there is still a lot of things that need to be done in the country. A large part of these matters can only be handled by Franz himself.

  In order to bring his imperial career to a successful conclusion, Franz must set aside enough time to complete all this before his energy can still support it.

  Detonating an economic crisis is the beginning of a war, but it is the economy, not the military, that engages in the conflict first.

  Frederick persuaded: "Father, is it too fast? The country is not ready yet. If the economic crisis is triggered now, we will also suffer heavy losses."

  As the regent and crown prince, the economic situation in the Shinra country, Frederick It has long been understood.

  Since the news of Britain's withdrawal from the free trade system, far-sighted domestic companies have been preparing to store grain for the winter.

  It’s not that everyone’s ideological consciousness is high, it’s mainly that state-owned enterprises and the royal consortium have made a good start, and many other capitalists are passively following suit.

  Specifically, in 1903, major domestic enterprises in the Shinra all unanimously suspended production capacity expansion, reduced inventory of goods, and increased cash flow reserves.

  But these are still not enough. In just one year, even if everyone is prepared, there is still no guarantee that they can survive the next cold winter.

  Britain is not the only country that has suffered from the free trade system for a long time. With the British taking the lead, there are definitely not a few followers.

  It is far easier to destroy than to build. The reality is very obvious. Before Britain is defeated, there is no attempt to re-establish a free trade system.

  This market winter will last at least a few years, and may even last for more than ten years.

  Franz shook his head: "We can't wait any longer. If we don't lose both sides with the British, how can the Russians dare to fight the Japanese to the death?

  The Siberian Railway has not yet been opened to traffic, and Russia's military power in the Far East is no match for the Japanese.

  Even though the tsarist government launched the eastward strategy, the interests in the Far East were still dispensable to the Russian Empire.

  Once the front line suffers a defeat, who can guarantee that the Russians will not cut their losses and directly abandon the Far East?
  If the tsarist government continues to advance southward after abandoning the Far East, it is afraid that the Russians will shrink back and watch our game with the British.

  If you don't pull out this nail in advance, can you safely fight the British? "

  Trust" is a flaw. Even though the Russian-Austrian alliance lasted for decades, Franz still couldn't believe the Russians.

  There was no betrayal, it was just that the chips for betrayal were not enough. For his own safety, let the furry bear go first The sick are better.

  ...

  Politics has always been influenced by the whole body. With the collapse of the free trade system, Britain and HRE officially entered into opposition.

  Affected by this, the mission investigating the Russian embassy case also split , making the situation in the Far East even more complicated and confusing.

  However, this is what big people need to consider, and it is still far from the lives of ordinary people. It is the people of Tokyo who really feel it "personally", and the situation is becoming more and more tense.

  Not to mention it is Parades on the streets, and even gatherings of relatives and friends will attract the patronage of the military and police, making everyone cautious when chatting. There is

  no way, the trial of the International Court of Justice has begun, and the Japanese government really does not want to cause trouble.

  Regardless of the private sector , No matter how much it is praised, in the eyes of the Japanese government, those who stormed the Russian Embassy are thugs.

  No ruler likes people who do not follow the rules. Even if the starting point is good, the result is tragic!

  If you don't kill to scare others, who will Do you know if similar scenes will continue to happen in the future?
  If the radicals follow the temperament of the radicals, they can destroy the Russian embassy today, the Shinra embassy tomorrow, and the British embassy the day after tomorrow... It’s a

  desperate struggle all the way. If it goes on, Japan's foundation will be ruined at some point.

  ...

  Since the split of the diplomatic corps, the pressure on Lorelei, the presiding judge from Switzerland, has suddenly increased.

  On the one hand, he must maintain the sanctity of justice. On the other hand, he had to be criticized from within the mission, which made him miserable.

  The biggest problem with this international trial is that there are no unified sentencing standards, and there is no international precedent to follow.

  Russia and Austria demanded stricter treatment. Britain and Japan hope to open up the net. Of course, this dispute is limited to ordinary people involved, and important criminals still have to click.

  "Tanaka Kazuo, the founder and president of the Iron-Blooded Revenge Society, has planned anti-Russian demonstrations and assassinations many times, the Russian Embassy One of the main planners of the case..."

  Before the investigation team representative's complaint was completed, Tanaka Kazuo roared: "Objection, I obviously planned the Russian embassy case alone, how could I be one of the planners?

  What do you want to do, are you trying to implicate the nine clans? Where is the justice of the world, where is the law..."

  The scene in front of them directly dumbfounded many people, especially Tanaka Kazuo's defense lawyer, who was in a state of confusion.

  This was completely different from what was communicated in advance. The parties involved All the charges were placed on himself, so where did that put him as a defense lawyer?

  As the presiding judge, Lorelai was also dumbfounded. In the past twenty years of trial life, he had never seen such a criminal.

  Fortunately , The bailiff in charge of custody reacted and stopped Kazuo Tanaka in time, ending the farce.

  Just after this incident, the subsequent trial became a piece of cake. Although Lorelei wanted to go through the judicial process, it was a pity that Several other judges did not buy it.

  "International Court" does not necessarily mean that it is professional. Except for Lorelei, the presiding judge, who is a judicial professional, most of the others are temporarily appointed by the ministers of various countries. In

  this year's unified There is no international law, let alone unified judicial procedures. The absence of rules and regulations means that they are highly maneuverable.

  In the eyes of most people, as long as the facts of the crime are determined, then sentence them as soon as possible. There are many others behind What are you waiting for?
  Without any surprise, Tanaka Kazuo, who took the initiative to admit the facts of the crime, was directly sentenced to death.

  Perhaps the efforts of the Japanese government played a role, or perhaps because of Tanaka Kazuo's voluntary confession, the International Court of Justice finally decided to be satisfied. Kazuo Tanaka's request for "harassment".

  Once the farce begins, it will not end so quickly. Kazuo Tanaka is just the beginning. Those who are doomed to die with conclusive evidence take the initiative to take responsibility. The only request is to commit seppuku.

  The Japanese present are even more enthusiastic Enraged, after each felon requested hara-kiri, bursts of applause would erupt, as if to welcome a hero, making Lorelei directly doubt life.

  Not only was he doubting life, the ministers from various countries who were watching the trial were also attracted by the scene before them. , which shocked our outlook on life.

  We still have to struggle for a while. Each and every one of them acted heroically and sacrificed their lives, making the envoys look like villains.

  Well, the envoys these days are indeed not very good. Most of the time, they play the villain.

  But this time is an obvious exception. In addition to dealing with the real culprit, the envoy did not take advantage of the situation.

  It's not that they didn't want to, it was mainly because they were destroyed by the troublemakers. Britain and Austria Towards confrontation, the embassy was divided in advance, and the robbery could not continue.

  Fortunately, there were only a few people who were not afraid of death. With the end of the trial of serious criminals, the people behind gradually became normal, and the defense lawyers were finally no longer spectators.

  The previous wave of warriors were actually forced out. As the main person responsible for the Russian embassy case, no matter how hard you defend yourself, you can't escape disaster, so you might as well be brave.

  The following accomplices were different. Most of them just participated in the parade that day, and some were completely harmed.

  Since we were not the organizers and did not attack the Russian Embassy, ​​we naturally do not need to be responsible for the death of the Russian Embassy staff.

  Although the International Court of Justice is infringing on Japan's sovereignty, the most basic fairness must still be maintained. Naturally, it is impossible to block everyone.

  Although the Russian representatives very much wanted to do this, unfortunately the tsarist government did not have enough influence in the corps to make everyone drop their morals.

  Because there were so many people involved in the case, more than 5,000 people were tried. Except for the serious criminals who were tried one by one at the beginning, they were simply tried in groups in the later stage.

  …

  “Thirty-three people including Yamagata Jiro, Tanabe Ichijo, Wang Decheng, Li Yixiang, Watanabe... organized and participated in the parade on November 27, 1903, causing traffic congestion, seriously endangering social order, and leading to... "

  Unconsciously, the style of painting has changed. The original complaint against the Russian Embassy turned into a crime against social order.

  If it weren't for the diplomatic corps behind the International Court of Justice, I guess the Japanese government would have scolded them and punished them if they harmed social order. Isn't this a job grab?

  Of course, this is impossible. Anyone with a little bit of political common sense knows that the crime of endangering social order can be serious or small. The investigation team prosecuted them with the crime, obviously preparing to let these people go.

  Guanxi households exist everywhere. International students can think of ways to do this. As Japanese students who are local leaders, they will naturally not lack connections.

  Of course, it is impossible to fish out repeat offenders with solid evidence, but if there is no person directly involved in the case, as long as the connections behind the crime are smoothed out, the person can still be fished out.

  Of course, acquittal is impossible, and the investigation team also wants to save face. Even if someone is accused of something trivial, a symbolic punishment is still necessary.

  "Judges and juries, my clients were just participating in an ordinary parade, and no one wanted to see an accident happen midway.

  We have reached a compensation agreement with the victim, and both the victim and the Tokyo government have agreed not to file a lawsuit... "

  Telling lies with your eyes open is also a skill. As a defense lawyer, I naturally have no shortage of abilities in this area.

  As a judge, Lorelei hates guanxi households the most, which means that judicial fairness is challenged.

  For example, now, they did not affect the verdict, but directly changed the charges for prosecution.

  In the case involving the Russian Embassy, ​​the sentence can be casually sentenced to three to five years, or to ten or eight years, but it is just for disturbing social order. Both the victim and the Tokyo government gave up the prosecution. He, the presiding judge, is also very helpless!

  After discussing with the other judges, everyone unanimously decided to deal with it, and a symbolic punishment was enough.

  After all, hello to you, hello to me, hello to everyone, that’s what’s really good.

  In a daze, thirty-three people, including Wang Decheng, were released from prison under the punishment of two years of voluntary labor in the community.

  As for how to implement it and where to implement it, no one will delve into these small issues.

  Wang Decheng, who had escaped, was in a bad mood after learning the cause and effect from his cousin.

  He participated in a demonstration and not only spent two months in jail, but also caused his family to owe a lot of favors.

  Wang Decheng still knows how much he weighs to be able to stand out from many Wang children and study abroad.

  With my own face, at most I can make a few close friends run for my life, but this is not enough to make me escape unscathed.

  Although he was not the only one who was affected by Chi Yu, his family must have played a big role in promoting the arms deal with Shinra.

  These all require the exchange of political resources. As for when to repay the debt, it depends on when people need it.

  Seemingly sensing his cousin's troubles, Wang Deran comforted him: "You don't have to worry too much. The elders in the family know much better than us. Although the family

  owes a lot of favors this time, it is a blessing in disguise. Don't worry. Forgot, through this opportunity, we also expanded a lot of connections."

  There's nothing wrong with that, that's how connections are built. Today you help me, tomorrow I will help you. After helping each other a few times, we will become lifelong friends.

  Wang Decheng just nodded reluctantly to his cousin's comfort. Although the personal connections were established in this way, as the person involved, he was definitely not a hero.

  That's it in Japan. Once I return to my country, it's time to settle the accounts with him.

  Based on his understanding of his strict father, even if he would not be beaten to death, beating him half to death was still very possible.

  Large feudal families were very strict in educating their children. Being dragged by Japanese friends to participate in the parade and causing such a big mess was a taboo in itself. If we don't punish them severely, how can we warn future generations.

  Not only will he be unlucky, but his cousin will also be punished. It's just that my cousin is lucky and didn't go to jail. He can still find a way to cover up.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1109. Chapter 1088 Enrollment-69 Book Bar
2020-12-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1088 Enrollment
  The first major event in the Far East in 1904 was not the Tokyo Trial, but the establishment of Nanyang University, which would have a profound impact on future generations.

  Even though this university has just had a name, and the school’s location, teachers, and rules and regulations have not yet been determined, this still does not change the fact that Nanyang University has caused a sensation in Asia.

  In this era of the most chaotic thinking, the worship of foreign countries has also been pushed to its peak. In the eyes of many people, the moon in Europe is extraordinarily round.

  Especially after William personally endorsed it as the prince, the impact was even greater. Enrollment has not officially started yet, but there is already an endless stream of people inquiring about registration, which once even affected the normal operations of several Shinra embassies in the Far East.

  There is no other reason, just because William accidentally revealed at a cocktail party: Nanyang University will open enrollment in Asia and will not restrict countries and ethnic groups.

  There is nothing we can do about this. Although the Austrian Nanyang region has a large population, all the high-quality students have gone to China.

  As a colony of the Holy Roman Empire, there are still many benefits. For example, you can enjoy certain care in higher education.

  According to the ratio of the number of citizens to the population, major universities in the country give the minimum number of admissions to the Austrian Nanyang region every year.

  The education model also replicates the local system. Except for local geographical changes, the textbooks are uniformly compiled by the Ministry of Education.

  From primary school to university, entrance exams are all based on the proportional admission system. Theoretically, all HRE citizens have equal rights to education.

  Of course, this is limited to free education provided by the government. If you are studying at your own expense, you naturally do not need to be subject to admission restrictions.

  Educational resources are very precious these days. It is okay to study in primary and secondary schools at your own expense. Once you reach the university level, the tuition fee is in the tens of thousands.

  Not to mention ordinary people, even the petty nobility and petty bourgeoisie cannot afford such expenses.

  According to statistics from the Vienna government, more than 98% of the students admitted to Shinra Regular University every year pass the entrance examination, and less than 2% actually spend money to go to school.

  No matter how William yells, it still cannot change the fact that Nanyang University is a pheasant university. The others who were deceived could not deceive the nobles, capitalists, and middle class within Shinra.

  Although the colonial government would allocate resources to Nanyang University, the problem of insufficient teaching staff could not be solved overnight.

  Everyone is realistic, especially when it comes to children's education, and the German nation likes to be more realistic. The quality of education is not good, even if the prince takes action, it will not work.

  Of course, William was not prepared to retain these students who returned to their hometown to study. After all, it is really hateful to mislead others.

  The family business is in Austrian Nanyang. Even if they return to their hometown to study, a large number of people will return to Nanyang in the future. These are high-quality talents.

  The purpose of establishing a university is to cultivate talents. As long as it can provide talents for the Nanyang region, it does not matter where they are trained.

  To retain local students, we can wait until Nanyang University’s teaching staff increases. The most important thing at this stage is to lay a solid foundation.

  The quality of its own education is not good. If the students are not good enough, it will really become a pheasant university. In this context, recruiting teachers from all over Asia is inevitable.

  If it weren't for the fact that it wasn't influential enough and not attractive to European and American students, William would have been prepared to recruit students from all over the world.

  Of course, the main reason why Nanyang University is so attractive in Asia is because of its military major.

  Unlike other professional parallel imports, the military professional teaching staff is still sufficient. Whether they are retired fief nobles or high-level officers in the active army, William has attracted them to take temporary posts.

  Combined, the three armies of the sea, land and air force have a total of seventeen generals, who are definitely the most impressive in Asia.

  Although these people cannot come to class every day, the teachers in the school are all graduates from domestic military academies and have been on the battlefield.

  Maybe there is a lack of experience, but after getting used to it, he is still qualified compared to ordinary domestic military academies.

  This is enough. The purpose of establishing the military major is to create a scene and attract Asian students.

  After staying in Nanyang for so long, William has a very good understanding of the situation in Asia.

  For international students from Asian countries, the first choice major is military, followed by economics and literature majors, and relatively few study medicine, science and engineering.

  In a sense, this is also a good thing for the fledgling Nanyang University. Compared with the rigor of medicine, science and engineering, subjects such as literature and economic theory are obviously much easier to fool.

  ...

  Director of Education Sanchez: "Your Highness, this is the site selection and planning map of Nanyang University. Please take a look."

  Without any exception, the final site of Nanyang University is Sulawesi Island, less than 30 kilometers away from the Government House. Outer suburbs.

  The plan also copied the structure of the University of Vienna, except that many buildings were reduced, so it was quite satisfactory.

  After flipping through it, no major problems were found. William directly signed the document with his pen and said slowly: "Let's organize the construction as soon as possible and strive to complete the main project construction by the end of the year, in time for next year's freshman enrollment."

  It can be seen that After coming out, William was satisfied with the Education Department’s plan. Being law-abiding means "stable", and William, who is over forty, has long passed the age of being pushy.

  What's more, no matter how shocking the design of Nanyang University is, what's the use? He himself is the boss in the Nanyang region, and no one is watching at all!
  You can't be new and different, just to send a few pictures back to your country to show off, right?

  Of course, if you want to return to China early to become a rice borer, this is indeed a good way.

  Director of Education Sanchez immediately assured: "Your Highness, please rest assured that we have hired the best construction team and will be able to complete the main project before the end of the year."

  After a pause of more than ten seconds, Sanchez added: "Your Highness, this time we It recruits students from all over Asia. Students come from all over the world, and many of them have to travel for several months.

  In order to ensure that new students can enroll smoothly next year, do you think the enrollment process can be started in advance?
  After all, there are many students who are interested in signing up. It has brought a lot of trouble to our screening work. If we start it earlier, we can have more preparation time."

  The actual situation will only be more serious. Recruiting more than 1,000 people from all over Asia will not mean picking one out of ten thousand, but one out of a hundred will definitely happen.

  Although the Education Department has rich experience in recruiting students, this is the first time it has recruited students across countries and regions.

  William nodded: "Let your Education Department handle the enrollment work! I only have one request: recruit as many talents as possible, but not anti-Austrian elements."

  Political correctness always comes first, everywhere. No exceptions can be made. The Holy Roman Empire was relatively tolerant of new ideas.

  Of course, the main reason is that the country is strong and has enough confidence in itself to withstand the impact of new ideas.

  ...

  Tokyo, with the end of the international trial, this emerging international metropolis is once again exuding vitality.

  The Japanese people have not been knocked down by a trial. The biggest consequence of the international trial is that anti-Russian sentiment among Japanese people has further increased.

  In order to reduce its own pressure, the Japanese government also established a "National Humiliation Day", which is said to commemorate the "heroes" who died in the Russian Embassy case.

  Not only the Russians couldn't stand it, but even the diplomatic corps was furious. The "hero" sentenced to death by the International Court of Justice is clearly a slap in everyone's face.

  It's just that the embassy has been split, and the two leaders, Britain and Shinra, have already taken over, and there is no time to worry about this small problem.

  The two gangsters not only failed to stop it, but instead fanned the flames and contributed to provoking a war between Japan and Russia.

  The reason why "conspiracy" is scary is that even if it is discovered, things will still happen.

  This is the current conflict between Japan and Russia. Knowing that Vienna and London have bad intentions, the Japanese and Russian governments can only bite the bullet.

  Especially for the Japanese government, it is pushed to the wall. Any concession now would be tantamount to slow suicide.

  With the current relationship between Japan and Russia, once the Siberian Railway is opened to traffic, it will be the end of the Japanese Empire.

  In a sense, the pressure the Japanese government faces now is greater than it was in the original time and space.

  An additional war in the Philippines has made the Tokyo government's pockets even poorer, and its overall national strength is one or two points weaker than at the same time in history.

  In contrast, the Russian Empire was different. Although the overall national strength has not increased much, it is obviously bigger!
  The Baltic Sea front line occupied Prussian Poland; the central line occupied Constantinople, and the Black Sea directly became the inland sea of ​​the Russian Empire, and its tentacles once penetrated into the Mediterranean; the southern line occupied most of Afghanistan, and the border line almost overturned India.

  The entire Russian Empire has become fatter than before. If not for the strong rise of Shinra, the entire European world would probably tremble under the gears of the steamroller.

  Facing such an opponent, it is impossible for the Japanese government to remain calm. Had it not been for the Russian embassy case, the Japanese government would not have been determined to fight the Russians.

  It's a pity that reality has no if. With this fuse and the past conflicts between Japan and Russia, this war has become inevitable.

  Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge knows that the smell of gunpowder in Tokyo is too strong, which is clearly a precursor to the outbreak of war.

  Although they did not protest in front of the Russian Embassy again, the anti-Russian movement was in full swing, and even international students were not able to escape.

  "learn from mistakes".

  After experiencing the previous lessons, the Far Eastern Empire's students in Japan also knew how powerful it was, and were no longer enthusiastic about participating in anti-Russian activities.

  But no matter how much he refuses, he can't resist the persistent efforts of Japanese "friends" to win him over. This makes many people who are accustomed to the sophistication of the world very uncomfortable.

  The strength of the Russians is well known to everyone. Except for the Japanese themselves, almost no one thinks highly of them.

  Even if the Japanese government packages itself as the light and hope of Asia, it cannot change the inherent impression in everyone's mind.

  The consequences of standing with losers are very serious. Even if you are involved in it, you are afraid that your family will also be compensated.

  Everyone has seen how strong the vengeance of Mao Xiong is.

  Needless to say, the felons who were sentenced to death must have seen God. What shocked everyone the most was the thousands of people who were sentenced to exile in Siberia. Now their families have received bad news one after another.

  If you don't want to participate, you really can't resist the favor. If you want to survive in a foreign country, you cannot do without the help of friends.

  Many people have received help from Japanese classmates during their study abroad career. Although it is just a small favor, the favor is still owed.

  For young students, loyalty is greater than heaven. Often, after being encouraged by others, my IQ drops.

  If the previous incident had not stimulated everyone, it would probably have been the same as in the original time and space, with a group of foreign students being deceived into being cannon fodder.

  Now they are sober, but after rejecting the offer, everyone suddenly found themselves in an embarrassing situation.

  Because of his outstanding performance in the last incident, Li Boan unknowingly became the backbone of the international students, and everyone liked to come over to discuss things when they encountered them.

  "Brother Bo'an, the situation is not good! Since we refused to participate in the anti-Russian movement, we have been isolated in school, and our Japanese friends have left us one by one.

  Even our residence is often harassed by gangsters , the police in Tokyo don't care at all.

  If this continues, we may have to end our studies early and return to China..."

  Li Bo'an has heard similar complaints more than once. Including himself, he was also ostracized in school. It's just that he has a good mentality and can withstand these pressures.

  "Brother Liu, the purpose of the Japanese is very obvious. It is simply that the Russo-Japanese War is imminent and they need allies to share the pressure. It

  is a lie to win over us. The real purpose is to use us to drag the imperial court into the water and participate in the war with Russia.

  It's just that. The Japanese don't know what the situation is in the imperial court. How can we still be unclear?

  If they really participate regardless of life and death, once the Japanese are defeated, those of us who support them, will Russia liquidate them afterwards?
  Once the Russians threaten force, with Do you think the court's style can bear the pressure?

  I'm afraid that not only will we be unlucky, but the family behind us may also be implicated. Compared with this, the slight grievances we are suffering now are nothing

  . If you can't pass, the worst possible outcome is to leave Japan. Anyway, Nanyang University is about to enroll students, and even if we don't get in, we can choose to pay our own way." There is

  no doubt that these things are not what international students think of themselves. We have not experienced enough social beatings, and our associations are not so rich.

  For these ideas to be widely circulated among international students, there are obviously people who are adding fuel to the fire.

  The purpose is of course self-evident. Nanyang University is about to start school and needs more high-quality students, so it is natural to compete with peers.

  Anyway, there are no real universities in Japan these days, including the University of Tokyo, which is only a little inferior to Pheasant University in the world, and its teaching staff is very average.

  These days, most high-tech technologies are monopolized by Europe. Important scientific research projects and technological innovations are completely blank across Asia.

  Although the Japanese are trying hard, they are just trying hard. Talents and infrastructure are not all in place. To catch up with the world's advanced level, naturally, it will not happen overnight.

  This is one of the reasons why Nanyang University is able to attract countless people to sign up as soon as it recruits students. Although it is also a pheasant university, people don’t know it!
  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1109. Chapter 1088 Enrollment-69 Book Bar
2020-12-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1088 Enrollment
  The first major event in the Far East in 1904 was not the Tokyo Trial, but the establishment of Nanyang University, which would have a profound impact on future generations.

  Even though this university has just had a name, and the school's location, teachers, and rules and regulations have not yet been determined, this still does not change the fact that Nanyang University has caused a sensation in Asia.

  In this era of the most chaotic thinking, the worship of foreign countries has also been pushed to its peak. In the eyes of many people, the moon in Europe is extraordinarily round.

  Especially after William personally endorsed it as the prince, the impact was even greater. Enrollment has not officially started yet, but there is already an endless stream of people inquiring about registration, which once even affected the normal operations of several Shinra embassies in the Far East.

  There is no other reason, just because William accidentally revealed at a cocktail party: Nanyang University will open enrollment in Asia and will not restrict countries and ethnic groups.

  There is nothing we can do about this. Although the Austrian Nanyang region has a large population, all the high-quality students have gone to China.

  As a colony of the Holy Roman Empire, there are still many benefits. For example, you can enjoy certain care in higher education.

  According to the ratio of the number of citizens to the population, major universities in the country give the minimum number of admissions to the Austrian Nanyang region every year.

  The education model also replicates the local system. Except for local geographical changes, the textbooks are uniformly compiled by the Ministry of Education.

  From primary school to university, entrance exams are all based on the proportional admission system. Theoretically, all HRE citizens have equal rights to education.

  Of course, this is limited to free education provided by the government. If you are studying at your own expense, you naturally do not need to be subject to admission restrictions.

  Educational resources are very precious these days. It is okay to study in primary and secondary schools at your own expense. Once you reach the university level, the tuition fee is in the tens of thousands.

  Not to mention ordinary people, even the petty nobility and petty bourgeoisie cannot afford such expenses.

  According to statistics from the Vienna government, more than 98% of the students admitted to Shinra Regular University every year pass the entrance examination, and less than 2% actually spend money to go to school.

  No matter how William yells, it still cannot change the fact that Nanyang University is a pheasant university. The others who were deceived could not deceive the nobles, capitalists, and middle class within Shinra.

  Although the colonial government would allocate resources to Nanyang University, the problem of insufficient teaching staff could not be solved overnight.

  Everyone is realistic, especially when it comes to children's education, and the German nation likes to be more realistic. The quality of education is not good, even if the prince takes action, it will not work.

  Of course, William was not prepared to retain these students who returned to their hometown to study. After all, it is really hateful to mislead others.

  The family business is in Austrian Nanyang. Even if they return to their hometown to study, a large number of people will return to Nanyang in the future. These are high-quality talents.

  The purpose of establishing a university is to cultivate talents. As long as it can provide talents for the Nanyang region, it does not matter where they are trained.

  To retain local students, we can wait until Nanyang University's teaching staff increases. The most important thing at this stage is to lay a solid foundation.

  The quality of its own education is not good. If the students are not good enough, it will really become a pheasant university. In this context, recruiting teachers from all over Asia is inevitable.

  If it weren't for the fact that it wasn't influential enough and not attractive to European and American students, William would have been prepared to recruit students from all over the world.

  Of course, the main reason why Nanyang University is so attractive in Asia is because of its military major.

  Unlike other professional parallel imports, the military professional teaching staff is still sufficient. Whether they are retired fief nobles or high-level officers in the active army, William has attracted them to take temporary posts.

  Combined, the three armies of the sea, land and air force have a total of seventeen generals, who are definitely the most impressive in Asia.

  Although these people cannot come to class every day, the teachers in the school are all graduates from domestic military academies and have been on the battlefield.

  Maybe there is a lack of experience, but after getting used to it, he is still qualified compared to ordinary domestic military academies.

  This is enough. The purpose of establishing the military major is to create a scene and attract Asian students.

  After staying in Nanyang for so long, William has a very good understanding of the situation in Asia.

  For international students from Asian countries, the first choice major is military, followed by economics and literature majors, and relatively few study medicine, science and engineering.

  In a sense, this is also a good thing for the fledgling Nanyang University. Compared with the rigor of medicine, science and engineering, subjects such as literature and economic theory are obviously much easier to fool.

  ...

  Director of Education Sanchez: "Your Highness, this is the site selection and planning map of Nanyang University. Please take a look."

  Without any exception, the final site of Nanyang University is Sulawesi Island, less than 30 kilometers away from the Government House. Outer suburbs.

  The plan also copied the structure of the University of Vienna, except that many buildings were reduced, so it was quite satisfactory.

  After flipping through it, no major problems were found. William directly signed the document with his pen and said slowly: "Let's organize the construction as soon as possible and strive to complete the main project construction by the end of the year, in time for next year's freshman enrollment."

  It can be seen that After coming out, William was satisfied with the Education Department's plan. Being law-abiding means "stable", and William, who is over forty, has long passed the age of being pushy.

  What's more, no matter how shocking the design of Nanyang University is, what's the use? He himself is the boss in the Nanyang region, and no one is watching at all!
  You can't be new and different, just to send a few pictures back to your country to show off, right?

  Of course, if you want to return to China early to become a rice borer, this is indeed a good way.

  Director of Education Sanchez immediately assured: "Your Highness, please rest assured that we have hired the best construction team and will be able to complete the main project before the end of the year."

  After a pause of more than ten seconds, Sanchez added: "Your Highness, this time we recruits students from all over Asia. Students come from all over the world, and many of them have to travel for several months.

  In order to ensure that new students can enroll smoothly next year, do you think the enrollment process can be started in advance?
  After all, there are many students who are interested in signing up. It has brought a lot of trouble to our screening work. If we start it earlier, we can have more preparation time."

  The actual situation will only be more serious. Recruiting more than 1,000 people from all over Asia will not mean picking one out of ten thousand, but one out of a hundred will definitely happen.

  Although the Education Department has rich experience in recruiting students, this is the first time it has recruited students across countries and regions.

  William nodded: "Let your Education Department handle the enrollment work! I only have one request: recruit as many talents as possible, but not anti-Austrian elements."

  Political correctness always comes first, everywhere. No exceptions can be made. The Holy Roman Empire was relatively tolerant of new ideas.

  Of course, the main reason is that the country is strong and has enough confidence in itself to withstand the impact of new ideas.

  ...

  Tokyo, with the end of the international trial, this emerging international metropolis is once again exuding vitality.

  The Japanese people have not been knocked down by a trial. The biggest consequence of the international trial is that anti-Russian sentiment among Japanese people has further increased.

  In order to reduce its own pressure, the Japanese government also established a "National Humiliation Day", which is said to commemorate the "heroes" who died in the Russian Embassy case.

  Not only the Russians couldn't stand it, but even the diplomatic corps was furious. The "hero" sentenced to death by the International Court of Justice is clearly a slap in everyone's face.

  It's just that the embassy has been split, and the two leaders, Britain and Shinra, have already taken over, and there is no time to worry about this small problem.

  The two gangsters not only failed to stop it, but instead fanned the flames and contributed to provoking a war between Japan and Russia.

  The reason why "conspiracy" is scary is that even if it is discovered, things will still happen.

  This is the current conflict between Japan and Russia. Knowing that Vienna and London have bad intentions, the Japanese and Russian governments can only bite the bullet.

  Especially for the Japanese government, it is pushed to the wall. Any concession now would be tantamount to slow suicide.

  With the current relationship between Japan and Russia, once the Siberian Railway is opened to traffic, it will be the end of the Japanese Empire.

  In a sense, the pressure the Japanese government faces now is greater than it was in the original time and space.

  An additional war in the Philippines has made the Tokyo government's pockets even poorer, and its overall national strength is one or two points weaker than at the same time in history.

  In contrast, the Russian Empire was different. Although the overall national strength has not increased much, it is obviously bigger!
  The Baltic Sea front line occupied Prussian Poland; the central line occupied Constantinople, and the Black Sea directly became the inland sea of ​​the Russian Empire, and its tentacles once penetrated into the Mediterranean; the southern line occupied most of Afghanistan, and the border line almost overturned India.

  The entire Russian Empire has become fatter than before. If not for the strong rise of Shinra, the entire European world would probably tremble under the gears of the steamroller.

  Facing such an opponent, it is impossible for the Japanese government to remain calm. Had it not been for the Russian embassy case, the Japanese government would not have been determined to fight the Russians.

  It's a pity that reality has no if. With this fuse and the past conflicts between Japan and Russia, this war has become inevitable.

  Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge knows that the smell of gunpowder in Tokyo is too strong, which is clearly a precursor to the outbreak of war.

  Although they did not protest in front of the Russian Embassy again, the anti-Russian movement was in full swing, and even international students were not able to escape.

  "learn from mistakes".

  After experiencing the previous lessons, the Far Eastern Empire's students in Japan also knew how powerful it was, and were no longer enthusiastic about participating in anti-Russian activities.

  But no matter how much he refuses, he can't resist the persistent efforts of Japanese "friends" to win him over. This makes many people who are accustomed to the sophistication of the world very uncomfortable.

  The strength of the Russians is well known to everyone. Except for the Japanese themselves, almost no one thinks highly of them.

  Even if the Japanese government packages itself as the light and hope of Asia, it cannot change the inherent impression in everyone's mind.

  The consequences of standing with losers are very serious. Even if you are involved in it, you are afraid that your family will also be compensated.

  Everyone has seen how strong the vengeance of Mao Xiong is.

  Needless to say, the felons who were sentenced to death must have seen God. What shocked everyone the most was the thousands of people who were sentenced to exile in Siberia. Now their families have received bad news one after another.

  If you don't want to participate, you really can't resist the favor. If you want to survive in a foreign country, you cannot do without the help of friends.

  Many people have received help from Japanese classmates during their study abroad career. Although it is just a small favor, the favor is still owed.

  For young students, loyalty is greater than heaven. Often, after being encouraged by others, my IQ drops.

  If the previous incident had not stimulated everyone, it would probably have been the same as in the original time and space, with a group of foreign students being deceived into being cannon fodder.

  Now they are sober, but after rejecting the offer, everyone suddenly found themselves in an embarrassing situation.

  Because of his outstanding performance in the last incident, Li Boan unknowingly became the backbone of the international students, and everyone liked to come over to discuss things when they encountered them.

  "Brother Bo'an, the situation is not good! Since we refused to participate in the anti-Russian movement, we have been isolated in school, and our Japanese friends have left us one by one.

  Even our residence is often harassed by gangsters , the police in Tokyo don't care at all.

  If this continues, we may have to end our studies early and return to China..."

  Li Bo'an has heard similar complaints more than once. Including himself, he was also ostracized in school. It's just that he has a good mentality and can withstand these pressures.

  "Brother Liu, the purpose of the Japanese is very obvious. It is simply that the Russo-Japanese War is imminent and they need allies to share the pressure. It

  is a lie to win over us. The real purpose is to use us to drag the imperial court into the water and participate in the war with Russia.

  It's just that. The Japanese don't know what the situation is in the imperial court. How can we still be unclear?

  If they really participate regardless of life and death, once the Japanese are defeated, those of us who support them, will Russia liquidate them afterwards?
  Once the Russians threaten force, with Do you think the court's style can bear the pressure?

  I'm afraid that not only will we be unlucky, but the family behind us may also be implicated. Compared with this, the slight grievances we are suffering now are nothing

  . If you can't pass, the worst possible outcome is to leave Japan. Anyway, Nanyang University is about to enroll students, and even if we don't get in, we can choose to pay our own way." There is

  no doubt that these things are not what international students think of themselves. We have not experienced enough social beatings, and our associations are not so rich.

  For these ideas to be widely circulated among international students, there are obviously people who are adding fuel to the fire.

  The purpose is of course self-evident. Nanyang University is about to start school and needs more high-quality students, so it is natural to compete with peers.

  Anyway, there are no real universities in Japan these days, including the University of Tokyo, which is only a little inferior to Pheasant University in the world, and its teaching staff is very average.

  These days, most high-tech technologies are monopolized by Europe. Important scientific research projects and technological innovations are completely blank across Asia.

  Although the Japanese are trying hard, they are just trying hard. Talents and infrastructure are not all in place. To catch up with the world's advanced level, naturally, it will not happen overnight.

  This is one of the reasons why Nanyang University is able to attract countless people to sign up as soon as it recruits students. Although it is also a pheasant university, people don’t know it!
  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1109. Chapter 1088 Enrollment-69 Book Bar
2020-12-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1088 Enrollment
  The first major event in the Far East in 1904 was not the Tokyo Trial, but the establishment of Nanyang University, which would have a profound impact on future generations.

  Even though this university has just had a name, and the school's location, teachers, and rules and regulations have not yet been determined, this still does not change the fact that Nanyang University has caused a sensation in Asia.

  In this era of the most chaotic thinking, the worship of foreign countries has also been pushed to its peak. In the eyes of many people, the moon in Europe is extraordinarily round.

  Especially after William personally endorsed it as the prince, the impact was even greater. Enrollment has not officially started yet, but there is already an endless stream of people inquiring about registration, which once even affected the normal operations of several Shinra embassies in the Far East.

  There is no other reason, just because William accidentally revealed at a cocktail party: Nanyang University will open enrollment in Asia and will not restrict countries and ethnic groups.

  There is nothing we can do about this. Although the Austrian Nanyang region has a large population, all the high-quality students have gone to China.

  As a colony of the Holy Roman Empire, there are still many benefits. For example, you can enjoy certain care in higher education.

  According to the ratio of the number of citizens to the population, major universities in the country give the minimum number of admissions to the Austrian Nanyang region every year.

  The education model also replicates the local system. Except for local geographical changes, the textbooks are uniformly compiled by the Ministry of Education.

  From primary school to university, entrance exams are all based on the proportional admission system. Theoretically, all HRE citizens have equal rights to education.

  Of course, this is limited to free education provided by the government. If you are studying at your own expense, you naturally do not need to be subject to admission restrictions.

  Educational resources are very precious these days. It is okay to study in primary and secondary schools at your own expense. Once you reach the university level, the tuition fee is in the tens of thousands.

  Not to mention ordinary people, even the petty nobility and petty bourgeoisie cannot afford such expenses.

  According to statistics from the Vienna government, more than 98% of the students admitted to Shinra Regular University every year pass the entrance examination, and less than 2% actually spend money to go to school.

  No matter how William yells, it still cannot change the fact that Nanyang University is a pheasant university. The others who were deceived could not deceive the nobles, capitalists, and middle class within Shinra.

  Although the colonial government would allocate resources to Nanyang University, the problem of insufficient teaching staff could not be solved overnight.

  Everyone is realistic, especially when it comes to children's education, and the German nation likes to be more realistic. The quality of education is not good, even if the prince takes action, it will not work.

  Of course, William was not prepared to retain these students who returned to their hometown to study. After all, it is really hateful to mislead others.

  The family business is in Austrian Nanyang. Even if they return to their hometown to study, a large number of people will return to Nanyang in the future. These are high-quality talents.

  The purpose of establishing a university is to cultivate talents. As long as it can provide talents for the Nanyang region, it does not matter where they are trained.

  To retain local students, we can wait until Nanyang University's teaching staff increases. The most important thing at this stage is to lay a solid foundation.

  The quality of its own education is not good. If the students are not good enough, it will really become a pheasant university. In this context, recruiting teachers from all over Asia is inevitable.

  If it weren't for the fact that it wasn't influential enough and not attractive to European and American students, William would have been prepared to recruit students from all over the world.

  Of course, the main reason why Nanyang University is so attractive in Asia is because of its military major.

  Unlike other professional parallel imports, the military professional teaching staff is still sufficient. Whether they are retired fief nobles or high-level officers in the active army, William has attracted them to take temporary posts.

  Combined, the three armies of the sea, land and air force have a total of seventeen generals, who are definitely the most impressive in Asia.

  Although these people cannot come to class every day, the teachers in the school are all graduates from domestic military academies and have been on the battlefield.

  Maybe there is a lack of experience, but after getting used to it, he is still qualified compared to ordinary domestic military academies.

  This is enough. The purpose of establishing the military major is to create a scene and attract Asian students.

  After staying in Nanyang for so long, William has a very good understanding of the situation in Asia.

  For international students from Asian countries, the first choice major is military, followed by economics and literature majors, and relatively few study medicine, science and engineering.

  In a sense, this is also a good thing for the fledgling Nanyang University. Compared with the rigor of medicine, science and engineering, subjects such as literature and economic theory are obviously much easier to fool.

  ...

  Director of Education Sanchez: "Your Highness, this is the site selection and planning map of Nanyang University. Please take a look."

  Without any exception, the final site of Nanyang University is Sulawesi Island, less than 30 kilometers away from the Government House. Outer suburbs.

  The plan also copied the structure of the University of Vienna, except that many buildings were reduced, so it was quite satisfactory.

  After flipping through it, no major problems were found. William directly signed the document with his pen and said slowly: "Let's organize the construction as soon as possible and strive to complete the main project construction by the end of the year, in time for next year's freshman enrollment."

  It can be seen that After coming out, William was satisfied with the Education Department's plan. Being law-abiding means "stable", and William, who is over forty, has long passed the age of being pushy.

  What's more, no matter how shocking the design of Nanyang University is, what's the use? He himself is the boss in the Nanyang region, and no one is watching at all!
  You can't be new and different, just to send a few pictures back to your country to show off, right?

  Of course, if you want to return to China early to become a rice borer, this is indeed a good way.

  Director of Education Sanchez immediately assured: "Your Highness, please rest assured that we have hired the best construction team and will be able to complete the main project before the end of the year."

  After a pause of more than ten seconds, Sanchez added: "Your Highness, this time we recruits students from all over Asia. Students come from all over the world, and many of them have to travel for several months.

  In order to ensure that new students can enroll smoothly next year, do you think the enrollment process can be started in advance?
  After all, there are many students who are interested in signing up. It has brought a lot of trouble to our screening work . If we start it earlier, we can have more preparation time."

  The actual situation will only be more serious. Recruiting more than 1,000 people from all over Asia will not mean picking one out of ten thousand, but one out of a hundred will definitely happen.

  Although the Education Department has rich experience in recruiting students, this is the first time it has recruited students across countries and regions.

  William nodded: "Let your Education Department handle the enrollment work! I only have one request: recruit as many talents as possible, but not anti-Austrian elements."

  Political correctness always comes first, everywhere. No exceptions can be made. The Holy Roman Empire was relatively tolerant of new ideas.

  Of course, the main reason is that the country is strong and has enough confidence in itself to withstand the impact of new ideas.

  ...

  Tokyo, with the end of the international trial, this emerging international metropolis is once again exuding vitality.

  The Japanese people have not been knocked down by a trial. The biggest consequence of the international trial is that anti-Russian sentiment among Japanese people has further increased.

  In order to reduce its own pressure, the Japanese government also established a "National Humiliation Day", which is said to commemorate the "heroes" who died in the Russian Embassy case.

  Not only the Russians couldn't stand it, but even the diplomatic corps was furious. The "hero" sentenced to death by the International Court of Justice is clearly a slap in everyone's face.

  It's just that the embassy has been split, and the two leaders, Britain and Shinra, have already taken over, and there is no time to worry about this small problem.

  The two gangsters not only failed to stop it, but instead fanned the flames and contributed to provoking a war between Japan and Russia.

  The reason why "conspiracy" is scary is that even if it is discovered, things will still happen.

  This is the current conflict between Japan and Russia. Knowing that Vienna and London have bad intentions, the Japanese and Russian governments can only bite the bullet.

  Especially for the Japanese government, it is pushed to the wall. Any concession now would be tantamount to slow suicide.

  With the current relationship between Japan and Russia, once the Siberian Railway is opened to traffic, it will be the end of the Japanese Empire.

  In a sense, the pressure the Japanese government faces now is greater than it was in the original time and space.

  An additional war in the Philippines has made the Tokyo government's pockets even poorer, and its overall national strength is one or two points weaker than at the same time in history.

  In contrast, the Russian Empire was different. Although the overall national strength has not increased much, it is obviously bigger!
  The Baltic Sea front line occupied Prussian Poland; the central line occupied Constantinople, and the Black Sea directly became the inland sea of ​​the Russian Empire, and its tentacles once penetrated into the Mediterranean; the southern line occupied most of Afghanistan, and the border line almost overturned India.

  The entire Russian Empire has become fatter than before. If not for the strong rise of Shinra, the entire European world would probably tremble under the gears of the steamroller.

  Facing such an opponent, it is impossible for the Japanese government to remain calm. Had it not been for the Russian embassy case, the Japanese government would not have been determined to fight the Russians.

  It's a pity that reality has no if. With this fuse and the past conflicts between Japan and Russia, this war has become inevitable.

  Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge knows that the smell of gunpowder in Tokyo is too strong, which is clearly a precursor to the outbreak of war.

  Although they did not protest in front of the Russian Embassy again, the anti-Russian movement was in full swing, and even international students were not able to escape.

  "learn from mistakes".

  After experiencing the previous lessons, the Far Eastern Empire's students in Japan also knew how powerful it was, and were no longer enthusiastic about participating in anti-Russian activities.

  But no matter how much he refuses, he can't resist the persistent efforts of Japanese "friends" to win him over. This makes many people who are accustomed to the sophistication of the world very uncomfortable.

  The strength of the Russians is well known to everyone. Except for the Japanese themselves, almost no one thinks highly of them.

  Even if the Japanese government packages itself as the light and hope of Asia, it cannot change the inherent impression in everyone's mind.

  The consequences of standing with losers are very serious. Even if you are involved in it, you are afraid that your family will also be compensated.

  Everyone has seen how strong the vengeance of Mao Xiong is.

  Needless to say, the felons who were sentenced to death must have seen God. What shocked everyone the most was the thousands of people who were sentenced to exile in Siberia. Now their families have received bad news one after another.

  If you don't want to participate, you really can't resist the favor. If you want to survive in a foreign country, you cannot do without the help of friends.

  Many people have received help from Japanese classmates during their study abroad career. Although it is just a small favor, the favor is still owed.

  For young students, loyalty is greater than heaven. Often, after being encouraged by others, my IQ drops.

  If the previous incident had not stimulated everyone, it would probably have been the same as in the original time and space, with a group of foreign students being deceived into being cannon fodder.

  Now they are sober, but after rejecting the offer, everyone suddenly found themselves in an embarrassing situation.

  Because of his outstanding performance in the last incident, Li Boan unknowingly became the backbone of the international students, and everyone liked to come over to discuss things when they encountered them.

  "Brother Bo'an, the situation is not good! Since we refused to participate in the anti-Russian movement, we have been isolated in school, and our Japanese friends have left us one by one.

  Even our residence is often harassed by gangsters , the police in Tokyo don't care at all.

  If this continues, we may have to end our studies early and return to China..."

  Li Bo'an has heard similar complaints more than once. Including himself, he was also ostracized in school. It's just that he has a good mentality and can withstand these pressures.

  "Brother Liu, the purpose of the Japanese is very obvious. It is simply that the Russo-Japanese War is imminent and they need allies to share the pressure. It

  is a lie to win over us. The real purpose is to use us to drag the imperial court into the water and participate in the war with Russia.

  It's just that. The Japanese don't know what the situation is in the imperial court. How can we still be unclear?

  If they really participate regardless of life and death, once the Japanese are defeated, those of us who support them, will Russia liquidate them afterwards?
  Once the Russians threaten force, with Do you think the court's style can bear the pressure?

  I'm afraid that not only will we be unlucky, but the family behind us may also be implicated. Compared with this, the slight grievances we are suffering now are nothing

  . If you can't pass, the worst possible outcome is to leave Japan. Anyway, Nanyang University is about to enroll students, and even if we don't get in, we can choose to pay our own way." There is

  no doubt that these things are not what international students think of themselves. We have not experienced enough social beatings, and our associations are not so rich.

  For these ideas to be widely circulated among international students, there are obviously people who are adding fuel to the fire.

  The purpose is of course self-evident. Nanyang University is about to start school and needs more high-quality students, so it is natural to compete with peers.

  Anyway, there are no real universities in Japan these days, including the University of Tokyo, which is only a little inferior to Pheasant University in the world, and its teaching staff is very average.

  These days, most high-tech technologies are monopolized by Europe. Important scientific research projects and technological innovations are completely blank across Asia.

  Although the Japanese are trying hard, they are just trying hard. Talents and infrastructure are not all in place. To catch up with the world's advanced level, naturally, it will not happen overnight.

  This is one of the reasons why Nanyang University is able to attract countless people to sign up as soon as it recruits students. Although it is also a pheasant university, people don’t know it!
  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1109. Chapter 1088 Enrollment-69 Book Bar
2020-12-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1088 Enrollment
  The first major event in the Far East in 1904 was not the Tokyo Trial, but the establishment of Nanyang University, which would have a profound impact on future generations.

  Even though this university has just had a name, and the school’s location, teachers, and rules and regulations have not yet been determined, this still does not change the fact that Nanyang University has caused a sensation in Asia.

  In this era of the most chaotic thinking, the worship of foreign countries has also been pushed to its peak. In the eyes of many people, the moon in Europe is extraordinarily round.

  Especially after William personally endorsed it as the prince, the impact was even greater. Enrollment has not officially started yet, but there is already an endless stream of people inquiring about registration, which once even affected the normal operations of several Shinra embassies in the Far East.

  There is no other reason, just because William accidentally revealed at a cocktail party: Nanyang University will open enrollment in Asia and will not restrict countries and ethnic groups.

  There is nothing we can do about this. Although the Austrian Nanyang region has a large population, all the high-quality students have gone to China.

  As a colony of the Holy Roman Empire, there are still many benefits. For example, you can enjoy certain care in higher education.

  According to the ratio of the number of citizens to the population, major universities in the country give the minimum number of admissions to the Austrian Nanyang region every year.

  The education model also replicates the local system. Except for local geographical changes, the textbooks are uniformly compiled by the Ministry of Education.

  From primary school to university, entrance exams are all based on the proportional admission system. Theoretically, all HRE citizens have equal rights to education.

  Of course, this is limited to free education provided by the government. If you are studying at your own expense, you naturally do not need to be subject to admission restrictions.

  Educational resources are very precious these days. It is okay to study in primary and secondary schools at your own expense. Once you reach the university level, the tuition fee is in the tens of thousands.

  Not to mention ordinary people, even the petty nobility and petty bourgeoisie cannot afford such expenses.

  According to statistics from the Vienna government, more than 98% of the students admitted to Shinra Regular University every year pass the entrance examination, and less than 2% actually spend money to go to school.

  No matter how William yells, it still cannot change the fact that Nanyang University is a pheasant university. The others who were deceived could not deceive the nobles, capitalists, and middle class within Shinra.

  Although the colonial government would allocate resources to Nanyang University, the problem of insufficient teaching staff could not be solved overnight.

  Everyone is realistic, especially when it comes to children's education, and the German nation likes to be more realistic. The quality of education is not good, even if the prince takes action, it will not work.

  Of course, William was not prepared to retain these students who returned to their hometown to study. After all, it is really hateful to mislead others.

  The family business is in Austrian Nanyang. Even if they return to their hometown to study, a large number of people will return to Nanyang in the future. These are high-quality talents.

  The purpose of establishing a university is to cultivate talents. As long as it can provide talents for the Nanyang region, it does not matter where they are trained.

  To retain local students, we can wait until Nanyang University’s teaching staff increases. The most important thing at this stage is to lay a solid foundation.

  The quality of its own education is not good. If the students are not good enough, it will really become a pheasant university. In this context, recruiting teachers from all over Asia is inevitable.

  If it weren't for the fact that it wasn't influential enough and not attractive to European and American students, William would have been prepared to recruit students from all over the world.

  Of course, the main reason why Nanyang University is so attractive in Asia is because of its military major.

  Unlike other professional parallel imports, the military professional teaching staff is still sufficient. Whether they are retired fief nobles or high-level officers in the active army, William has attracted them to take temporary posts.

  Combined, the three armies of the sea, land and air force have a total of seventeen generals, who are definitely the most impressive in Asia.

  Although these people cannot come to class every day, the teachers in the school are all graduates from domestic military academies and have been on the battlefield.

  Maybe there is a lack of experience, but after getting used to it, he is still qualified compared to ordinary domestic military academies.

  This is enough. The purpose of establishing the military major is to create a scene and attract Asian students.

  After staying in Nanyang for so long, William has a very good understanding of the situation in Asia.

  For international students from Asian countries, the first choice major is military, followed by economics and literature majors, and relatively few study medicine, science and engineering.

  In a sense, this is also a good thing for the fledgling Nanyang University. Compared with the rigor of medicine, science and engineering, subjects such as literature and economic theory are obviously much easier to fool.

  ...

  Director of Education Sanchez: "Your Highness, this is the site selection and planning map of Nanyang University. Please take a look."

  Without any exception, the final site of Nanyang University is Sulawesi Island, less than 30 kilometers away from the Government House. Outer suburbs.

  The plan also copied the structure of the University of Vienna, except that many buildings were reduced, so it was quite satisfactory.

  After flipping through it, no major problems were found. William directly signed the document with his pen and said slowly: "Let's organize the construction as soon as possible and strive to complete the main project construction by the end of the year, in time for next year's freshman enrollment."

  It can be seen that After coming out, William was satisfied with the Education Department’s plan. Being law-abiding means "stable", and William, who is over forty, has long passed the age of being pushy.

  What's more, no matter how shocking the design of Nanyang University is, what's the use? He himself is the boss in the Nanyang region, and no one is watching at all!
  You can't be new and different, just to send a few pictures back to your country to show off, right?

  Of course, if you want to return to China early to become a rice borer, this is indeed a good way.

  Director of Education Sanchez immediately assured: "Your Highness, please rest assured that we have hired the best construction team and will be able to complete the main project before the end of the year."

  After a pause of more than ten seconds, Sanchez added: "Your Highness, this time we It recruits students from all over Asia. Students come from all over the world, and many of them have to travel for several months.

  In order to ensure that new students can enroll smoothly next year, do you think the enrollment process can be started in advance?
  After all, there are many students who are interested in signing up. It has brought a lot of trouble to our screening work. If we start it earlier, we can have more preparation time."

  The actual situation will only be more serious. Recruiting more than 1,000 people from all over Asia will not mean picking one out of ten thousand, but one out of a hundred will definitely happen.

  Although the Education Department has rich experience in recruiting students, this is the first time it has recruited students across countries and regions.

  William nodded: "Let your Education Department handle the enrollment work! I only have one request: recruit as many talents as possible, but not anti-Austrian elements."

  Political correctness always comes first, everywhere. No exceptions can be made. The Holy Roman Empire was relatively tolerant of new ideas.

  Of course, the main reason is that the country is strong and has enough confidence in itself to withstand the impact of new ideas.

  ...

  Tokyo, with the end of the international trial, this emerging international metropolis is once again exuding vitality.

  The Japanese people have not been knocked down by a trial. The biggest consequence of the international trial is that anti-Russian sentiment among Japanese people has further increased.

  In order to reduce its own pressure, the Japanese government also established a "National Humiliation Day", which is said to commemorate the "heroes" who died in the Russian Embassy case.

  Not only the Russians couldn't stand it, but even the diplomatic corps was furious. The "hero" sentenced to death by the International Court of Justice is clearly a slap in everyone's face.

  It's just that the embassy has been split, and the two leaders, Britain and Shinra, have already taken over, and there is no time to worry about this small problem.

  The two gangsters not only failed to stop it, but instead fanned the flames and contributed to provoking a war between Japan and Russia.

  The reason why "conspiracy" is scary is that even if it is discovered, things will still happen.

  This is the current conflict between Japan and Russia. Knowing that Vienna and London have bad intentions, the Japanese and Russian governments can only bite the bullet.

  Especially for the Japanese government, it is pushed to the wall. Any concession now would be tantamount to slow suicide.

  With the current relationship between Japan and Russia, once the Siberian Railway is opened to traffic, it will be the end of the Japanese Empire.

  In a sense, the pressure the Japanese government faces now is greater than it was in the original time and space.

  An additional war in the Philippines has made the Tokyo government's pockets even poorer, and its overall national strength is one or two points weaker than at the same time in history.

  In contrast, the Russian Empire was different. Although the overall national strength has not increased much, it is obviously bigger!
  The Baltic Sea front line occupied Prussian Poland; the central line occupied Constantinople, and the Black Sea directly became the inland sea of ​​the Russian Empire, and its tentacles once penetrated into the Mediterranean; the southern line occupied most of Afghanistan, and the border line almost overturned India.

  The entire Russian Empire has become fatter than before. If not for the strong rise of Shinra, the entire European world would probably tremble under the gears of the steamroller.

  Facing such an opponent, it is impossible for the Japanese government to remain calm. Had it not been for the Russian embassy case, the Japanese government would not have been determined to fight the Russians.

  It's a pity that reality has no if. With this fuse and the past conflicts between Japan and Russia, this war has become inevitable.

  Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge knows that the smell of gunpowder in Tokyo is too strong, which is clearly a precursor to the outbreak of war.

  Although they did not protest in front of the Russian Embassy again, the anti-Russian movement was in full swing, and even international students were not able to escape.

  "learn from mistakes".

  After experiencing the previous lessons, the Far Eastern Empire's students in Japan also knew how powerful it was, and were no longer enthusiastic about participating in anti-Russian activities.

  But no matter how much he refuses, he can't resist the persistent efforts of Japanese "friends" to win him over. This makes many people who are accustomed to the sophistication of the world very uncomfortable.

  The strength of the Russians is well known to everyone. Except for the Japanese themselves, almost no one thinks highly of them.

  Even if the Japanese government packages itself as the light and hope of Asia, it cannot change the inherent impression in everyone's mind.

  The consequences of standing with losers are very serious. Even if you are involved in it, you are afraid that your family will also be compensated.

  Everyone has seen how strong the vengeance of Mao Xiong is.

  Needless to say, the felons who were sentenced to death must have seen God. What shocked everyone the most was the thousands of people who were sentenced to exile in Siberia. Now their families have received bad news one after another.

  If you don't want to participate, you really can't resist the favor. If you want to survive in a foreign country, you cannot do without the help of friends.

  Many people have received help from Japanese classmates during their study abroad career. Although it is just a small favor, the favor is still owed.

  For young students, loyalty is greater than heaven. Often, after being encouraged by others, my IQ drops.

  If the previous incident had not stimulated everyone, it would probably have been the same as in the original time and space, with a group of foreign students being deceived into being cannon fodder.

  Now they are sober, but after rejecting the offer, everyone suddenly found themselves in an embarrassing situation.

  Because of his outstanding performance in the last incident, Li Boan unknowingly became the backbone of the international students, and everyone liked to come over to discuss things when they encountered them.

  "Brother Bo'an, the situation is not good! Since we refused to participate in the anti-Russian movement, we have been isolated in school, and our Japanese friends have left us one by one.

  Even our residence is often harassed by gangsters , the police in Tokyo don't care at all.

  If this continues, we may have to end our studies early and return to China..."

  Li Bo'an has heard similar complaints more than once. Including himself, he was also ostracized in school. It's just that he has a good mentality and can withstand these pressures.

  "Brother Liu, the purpose of the Japanese is very obvious. It is simply that the Russo-Japanese War is imminent and they need allies to share the pressure. It

  is a lie to win over us. The real purpose is to use us to drag the imperial court into the water and participate in the war with Russia.

  It's just that. The Japanese don't know what the situation is in the imperial court. How can we still be unclear?

  If they really participate regardless of life and death, once the Japanese are defeated, those of us who support them, will Russia liquidate them afterwards?
  Once the Russians threaten force, with Do you think the court's style can bear the pressure?

  I'm afraid that not only will we be unlucky, but the family behind us may also be implicated. Compared with this, the slight grievances we are suffering now are nothing

  . If you can't pass, the worst possible outcome is to leave Japan. Anyway, Nanyang University is about to enroll students, and even if we don't get in, we can choose to pay our own way." There is

  no doubt that these things are not what international students think of themselves. We have not experienced enough social beatings, and our associations are not so rich.

  For these ideas to be widely circulated among international students, there are obviously people who are adding fuel to the fire.

  The purpose is of course self-evident. Nanyang University is about to start school and needs more high-quality students, so it is natural to compete with peers.

  Anyway, there are no real universities in Japan these days, including the University of Tokyo, which is only a little inferior to Pheasant University in the world, and its teaching staff is very average.

  These days, most high-tech technologies are monopolized by Europe. Important scientific research projects and technological innovations are completely blank across Asia.

  Although the Japanese are trying hard, they are just trying hard. Talents and infrastructure are not all in place. To catch up with the world's advanced level, naturally, it will not happen overnight.

  This is one of the reasons why Nanyang University is able to attract countless people to sign up as soon as it recruits students. Although it is also a pheasant university, people don’t know it!
  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1109. Chapter 1088 Enrollment-69 Book Bar
2020-12-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1088 Enrollment
  The first major event in the Far East in 1904 was not the Tokyo Trial, but the establishment of Nanyang University, which would have a profound impact on future generations.

  Even though this university has just had a name, and the school’s location, teachers, and rules and regulations have not yet been determined, this still does not change the fact that Nanyang University has caused a sensation in Asia.

  In this era of the most chaotic thinking, the worship of foreign countries has also been pushed to its peak. In the eyes of many people, the moon in Europe is extraordinarily round.

  Especially after William personally endorsed it as the prince, the impact was even greater. Enrollment has not officially started yet, but there is already an endless stream of people inquiring about registration, which once even affected the normal operations of several Shinra embassies in the Far East.

  There is no other reason, just because William accidentally revealed at a cocktail party: Nanyang University will open enrollment in Asia and will not restrict countries and ethnic groups.

  There is nothing we can do about this. Although the Austrian Nanyang region has a large population, all the high-quality students have gone to China.

  As a colony of the Holy Roman Empire, there are still many benefits. For example, you can enjoy certain care in higher education.

  According to the ratio of the number of citizens to the population, major universities in the country give the minimum number of admissions to the Austrian Nanyang region every year.

  The education model also replicates the local system. Except for local geographical changes, the textbooks are uniformly compiled by the Ministry of Education.

  From primary school to university, entrance exams are all based on the proportional admission system. Theoretically, all HRE citizens have equal rights to education.

  Of course, this is limited to free education provided by the government. If you are studying at your own expense, you naturally do not need to be subject to admission restrictions.

  Educational resources are very precious these days. It is okay to study in primary and secondary schools at your own expense. Once you reach the university level, the tuition fee is in the tens of thousands.

  Not to mention ordinary people, even the petty nobility and petty bourgeoisie cannot afford such expenses.

  According to statistics from the Vienna government, more than 98% of the students admitted to Shinra Regular University every year pass the entrance examination, and less than 2% actually spend money to go to school.

  No matter how William yells, it still cannot change the fact that Nanyang University is a pheasant university. The others who were deceived could not deceive the nobles, capitalists, and middle class within Shinra.

  Although the colonial government would allocate resources to Nanyang University, the problem of insufficient teaching staff could not be solved overnight.

  Everyone is realistic, especially when it comes to children's education, and the German nation likes to be more realistic. The quality of education is not good, even if the prince takes action, it will not work.

  Of course, William was not prepared to retain these students who returned to their hometown to study. After all, it is really hateful to mislead others.

  The family business is in Austrian Nanyang. Even if they return to their hometown to study, a large number of people will return to Nanyang in the future. These are high-quality talents.

  The purpose of establishing a university is to cultivate talents. As long as it can provide talents for the Nanyang region, it does not matter where they are trained.

  To retain local students, we can wait until Nanyang University’s teaching staff increases. The most important thing at this stage is to lay a solid foundation.

  The quality of its own education is not good. If the students are not good enough, it will really become a pheasant university. In this context, recruiting teachers from all over Asia is inevitable.

  If it weren't for the fact that it wasn't influential enough and not attractive to European and American students, William would have been prepared to recruit students from all over the world.

  Of course, the main reason why Nanyang University is so attractive in Asia is because of its military major.

  Unlike other professional parallel imports, the military professional teaching staff is still sufficient. Whether they are retired fief nobles or high-level officers in the active army, William has attracted them to take temporary posts.

  Combined, the three armies of the sea, land and air force have a total of seventeen generals, who are definitely the most impressive in Asia.

  Although these people cannot come to class every day, the teachers in the school are all graduates from domestic military academies and have been on the battlefield.

  Maybe there is a lack of experience, but after getting used to it, he is still qualified compared to ordinary domestic military academies.

  This is enough. The purpose of establishing the military major is to create a scene and attract Asian students.

  After staying in Nanyang for so long, William has a very good understanding of the situation in Asia.

  For international students from Asian countries, the first choice major is military, followed by economics and literature majors, and relatively few study medicine, science and engineering.

  In a sense, this is also a good thing for the fledgling Nanyang University. Compared with the rigor of medicine, science and engineering, subjects such as literature and economic theory are obviously much easier to fool.

  ...

  Director of Education Sanchez: "Your Highness, this is the site selection and planning map of Nanyang University. Please take a look."

  Without any exception, the final site of Nanyang University is Sulawesi Island, less than 30 kilometers away from the Government House. Outer suburbs.

  The plan also copied the structure of the University of Vienna, except that many buildings were reduced, so it was quite satisfactory.

  After flipping through it, no major problems were found. William directly signed the document with his pen and said slowly: "Let's organize the construction as soon as possible and strive to complete the main project construction by the end of the year, in time for next year's freshman enrollment."

  It can be seen that After coming out, William was satisfied with the Education Department’s plan. Being law-abiding means "stable", and William, who is over forty, has long passed the age of being pushy.

  What's more, no matter how shocking the design of Nanyang University is, what's the use? He himself is the boss in the Nanyang region, and no one is watching at all!
  You can't be new and different, just to send a few pictures back to your country to show off, right?

  Of course, if you want to return to China early to become a rice borer, this is indeed a good way.

  Director of Education Sanchez immediately assured: "Your Highness, please rest assured that we have hired the best construction team and will be able to complete the main project before the end of the year."

  After a pause of more than ten seconds, Sanchez added: "Your Highness, this time we It recruits students from all over Asia. Students come from all over the world, and many of them have to travel for several months.

  In order to ensure that new students can enroll smoothly next year, do you think the enrollment process can be started in advance?
  After all, there are many students who are interested in signing up. It has brought a lot of trouble to our screening work. If we start it earlier, we can have more preparation time."

  The actual situation will only be more serious. Recruiting more than 1,000 people from all over Asia will not mean picking one out of ten thousand, but one out of a hundred will definitely happen.

  Although the Education Department has rich experience in recruiting students, this is the first time it has recruited students across countries and regions.

  William nodded: "Let your Education Department handle the enrollment work! I only have one request: recruit as many talents as possible, but not anti-Austrian elements."

  Political correctness always comes first, everywhere. No exceptions can be made. The Holy Roman Empire was relatively tolerant of new ideas.

  Of course, the main reason is that the country is strong and has enough confidence in itself to withstand the impact of new ideas.

  ...

  Tokyo, with the end of the international trial, this emerging international metropolis is once again exuding vitality.

  The Japanese people have not been knocked down by a trial. The biggest consequence of the international trial is that anti-Russian sentiment among Japanese people has further increased.

  In order to reduce its own pressure, the Japanese government also established a "National Humiliation Day", which is said to commemorate the "heroes" who died in the Russian Embassy case.

  Not only the Russians couldn't stand it, but even the diplomatic corps was furious. The "hero" sentenced to death by the International Court of Justice is clearly a slap in everyone's face.

  It's just that the embassy has been split, and the two leaders, Britain and Shinra, have already taken over, and there is no time to worry about this small problem.

  The two gangsters not only failed to stop it, but instead fanned the flames and contributed to provoking a war between Japan and Russia.

  The reason why "conspiracy" is scary is that even if it is discovered, things will still happen.

  This is the current conflict between Japan and Russia. Knowing that Vienna and London have bad intentions, the Japanese and Russian governments can only bite the bullet.

  Especially for the Japanese government, it is pushed to the wall. Any concession now would be tantamount to slow suicide.

  With the current relationship between Japan and Russia, once the Siberian Railway is opened to traffic, it will be the end of the Japanese Empire.

  In a sense, the pressure the Japanese government faces now is greater than it was in the original time and space.

  An additional war in the Philippines has made the Tokyo government's pockets even poorer, and its overall national strength is one or two points weaker than at the same time in history.

  In contrast, the Russian Empire was different. Although the overall national strength has not increased much, it is obviously bigger!
  The Baltic Sea front line occupied Prussian Poland; the central line occupied Constantinople, and the Black Sea directly became the inland sea of ​​the Russian Empire, and its tentacles once penetrated into the Mediterranean; the southern line occupied most of Afghanistan, and the border line almost overturned India.

  The entire Russian Empire has become fatter than before. If not for the strong rise of Shinra, the entire European world would probably tremble under the gears of the steamroller.

  Facing such an opponent, it is impossible for the Japanese government to remain calm. Had it not been for the Russian embassy case, the Japanese government would not have been determined to fight the Russians.

  It's a pity that reality has no if. With this fuse and the past conflicts between Japan and Russia, this war has become inevitable.

  Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge knows that the smell of gunpowder in Tokyo is too strong, which is clearly a precursor to the outbreak of war.

  Although they did not protest in front of the Russian Embassy again, the anti-Russian movement was in full swing, and even international students were not able to escape.

  "learn from mistakes".

  After experiencing the previous lessons, the Far Eastern Empire's students in Japan also knew how powerful it was, and were no longer enthusiastic about participating in anti-Russian activities.

  But no matter how much he refuses, he can't resist the persistent efforts of Japanese "friends" to win him over. This makes many people who are accustomed to the sophistication of the world very uncomfortable.

  The strength of the Russians is well known to everyone. Except for the Japanese themselves, almost no one thinks highly of them.

  Even if the Japanese government packages itself as the light and hope of Asia, it cannot change the inherent impression in everyone's mind.

  The consequences of standing with losers are very serious. Even if you are involved in it, you are afraid that your family will also be compensated.

  Everyone has seen how strong the vengeance of Mao Xiong is.

  Needless to say, the felons who were sentenced to death must have seen God. What shocked everyone the most was the thousands of people who were sentenced to exile in Siberia. Now their families have received bad news one after another.

  If you don't want to participate, you really can't resist the favor. If you want to survive in a foreign country, you cannot do without the help of friends.

  Many people have received help from Japanese classmates during their study abroad career. Although it is just a small favor, the favor is still owed.

  For young students, loyalty is greater than heaven. Often, after being encouraged by others, my IQ drops.

  If the previous incident had not stimulated everyone, it would probably have been the same as in the original time and space, with a group of foreign students being deceived into being cannon fodder.

  Now they are sober, but after rejecting the offer, everyone suddenly found themselves in an embarrassing situation.

  Because of his outstanding performance in the last incident, Li Boan unknowingly became the backbone of the international students, and everyone liked to come over to discuss things when they encountered them.

  "Brother Bo'an, the situation is not good! Since we refused to participate in the anti-Russian movement, we have been isolated in school, and our Japanese friends have left us one by one.

  Even our residence is often harassed by gangsters , the police in Tokyo don't care at all.

  If this continues, we may have to end our studies early and return to China..."

  Li Bo'an has heard similar complaints more than once. Including himself, he was also ostracized in school. It's just that he has a good mentality and can withstand these pressures.

  "Brother Liu, the purpose of the Japanese is very obvious. It is simply that the Russo-Japanese War is imminent and they need allies to share the pressure. It

  is a lie to win over us. The real purpose is to use us to drag the imperial court into the water and participate in the war with Russia.

  It's just that. The Japanese don't know what the situation is in the imperial court. How can we still be unclear?

  If they really participate regardless of life and death, once the Japanese are defeated, those of us who support them, will Russia liquidate them afterwards?
  Once the Russians threaten force, with Do you think the court's style can bear the pressure?

  I'm afraid that not only will we be unlucky, but the family behind us may also be implicated. Compared with this, the slight grievances we are suffering now are nothing

  . If you can't pass, the worst possible outcome is to leave Japan. Anyway, Nanyang University is about to enroll students, and even if we don't get in, we can choose to pay our own way." There is

  no doubt that these things are not what international students think of themselves. We have not experienced enough social beatings, and our associations are not so rich.

  For these ideas to be widely circulated among international students, there are obviously people who are adding fuel to the fire.

  The purpose is of course self-evident. Nanyang University is about to start school and needs more high-quality students, so it is natural to compete with peers.

  Anyway, there are no real universities in Japan these days, including the University of Tokyo, which is only a little inferior to Pheasant University in the world, and its teaching staff is very average.

  These days, most high-tech technologies are monopolized by Europe. Important scientific research projects and technological innovations are completely blank across Asia.

  Although the Japanese are trying hard, they are just trying hard. Talents and infrastructure are not all in place. To catch up with the world's advanced level, naturally, it will not happen overnight.

  This is one of the reasons why Nanyang University is able to attract countless people to sign up as soon as it recruits students. Although it is also a pheasant university, people don’t know it!
  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1109. Chapter 1088 Enrollment-69 Book Bar
2020-12-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1088 Enrollment
  The first major event in the Far East in 1904 was not the Tokyo Trial, but the establishment of Nanyang University, which would have a profound impact on future generations.

  Even though this university has just had a name, and the school’s location, teachers, and rules and regulations have not yet been determined, this still does not change the fact that Nanyang University has caused a sensation in Asia.

  In this era of the most chaotic thinking, the worship of foreign countries has also been pushed to its peak. In the eyes of many people, the moon in Europe is extraordinarily round.

  Especially after William personally endorsed it as the prince, the impact was even greater. Enrollment has not officially started yet, but there is already an endless stream of people inquiring about registration, which once even affected the normal operations of several Shinra embassies in the Far East.

  There is no other reason, just because William accidentally revealed at a cocktail party: Nanyang University will open enrollment in Asia and will not restrict countries and ethnic groups.

  There is nothing we can do about this. Although the Austrian Nanyang region has a large population, all the high-quality students have gone to China.

  As a colony of the Holy Roman Empire, there are still many benefits. For example, you can enjoy certain care in higher education.

  According to the ratio of the number of citizens to the population, major universities in the country give the minimum number of admissions to the Austrian Nanyang region every year.

  The education model also replicates the local system. Except for local geographical changes, the textbooks are uniformly compiled by the Ministry of Education.

  From primary school to university, entrance exams are all based on the proportional admission system. Theoretically, all HRE citizens have equal rights to education.

  Of course, this is limited to free education provided by the government. If you are studying at your own expense, you naturally do not need to be subject to admission restrictions.

  Educational resources are very precious these days. It is okay to study in primary and secondary schools at your own expense. Once you reach the university level, the tuition fee is in the tens of thousands.

  Not to mention ordinary people, even the petty nobility and petty bourgeoisie cannot afford such expenses.

  According to statistics from the Vienna government, more than 98% of the students admitted to Shinra Regular University every year pass the entrance examination, and less than 2% actually spend money to go to school.

  No matter how William yells, it still cannot change the fact that Nanyang University is a pheasant university. The others who were deceived could not deceive the nobles, capitalists, and middle class within Shinra.

  Although the colonial government would allocate resources to Nanyang University, the problem of insufficient teaching staff could not be solved overnight.

  Everyone is realistic, especially when it comes to children's education, and the German nation likes to be more realistic. The quality of education is not good, even if the prince takes action, it will not work.

  Of course, William was not prepared to retain these students who returned to their hometown to study. After all, it is really hateful to mislead others.

  The family business is in Austrian Nanyang. Even if they return to their hometown to study, a large number of people will return to Nanyang in the future. These are high-quality talents.

  The purpose of establishing a university is to cultivate talents. As long as it can provide talents for the Nanyang region, it does not matter where they are trained.

  To retain local students, we can wait until Nanyang University’s teaching staff increases. The most important thing at this stage is to lay a solid foundation.

  The quality of its own education is not good. If the students are not good enough, it will really become a pheasant university. In this context, recruiting teachers from all over Asia is inevitable.

  If it weren't for the fact that it wasn't influential enough and not attractive to European and American students, William would have been prepared to recruit students from all over the world.

  Of course, the main reason why Nanyang University is so attractive in Asia is because of its military major.

  Unlike other professional parallel imports, the military professional teaching staff is still sufficient. Whether they are retired fief nobles or high-level officers in the active army, William has attracted them to take temporary posts.

  Combined, the three armies of the sea, land and air force have a total of seventeen generals, who are definitely the most impressive in Asia.

  Although these people cannot come to class every day, the teachers in the school are all graduates from domestic military academies and have been on the battlefield.

  Maybe there is a lack of experience, but after getting used to it, he is still qualified compared to ordinary domestic military academies.

  This is enough. The purpose of establishing the military major is to create a scene and attract Asian students.

  After staying in Nanyang for so long, William has a very good understanding of the situation in Asia.

  For international students from Asian countries, the first choice major is military, followed by economics and literature majors, and relatively few study medicine, science and engineering.

  In a sense, this is also a good thing for the fledgling Nanyang University. Compared with the rigor of medicine, science and engineering, subjects such as literature and economic theory are obviously much easier to fool.

  ...

  Director of Education Sanchez: "Your Highness, this is the site selection and planning map of Nanyang University. Please take a look."

  Without any exception, the final site of Nanyang University is Sulawesi Island, less than 30 kilometers away from the Government House. Outer suburbs.

  The plan also copied the structure of the University of Vienna, except that many buildings were reduced, so it was quite satisfactory.

  After flipping through it, no major problems were found. William directly signed the document with his pen and said slowly: "Let's organize the construction as soon as possible and strive to complete the main project construction by the end of the year, in time for next year's freshman enrollment."

  It can be seen that After coming out, William was satisfied with the Education Department’s plan. Being law-abiding means "stable", and William, who is over forty, has long passed the age of being pushy.

  What's more, no matter how shocking the design of Nanyang University is, what's the use? He himself is the boss in the Nanyang region, and no one is watching at all!
  You can't be new and different, just to send a few pictures back to your country to show off, right?

  Of course, if you want to return to China early to become a rice borer, this is indeed a good way.

  Director of Education Sanchez immediately assured: "Your Highness, please rest assured that we have hired the best construction team and will be able to complete the main project before the end of the year."

  After a pause of more than ten seconds, Sanchez added: "Your Highness, this time we It recruits students from all over Asia. Students come from all over the world, and many of them have to travel for several months.

  In order to ensure that new students can enroll smoothly next year, do you think the enrollment process can be started in advance?
  After all, there are many students who are interested in signing up. It has brought a lot of trouble to our screening work. If we start it earlier, we can have more preparation time."

  The actual situation will only be more serious. Recruiting more than 1,000 people from all over Asia will not mean picking one out of ten thousand, but one out of a hundred will definitely happen.

  Although the Education Department has rich experience in recruiting students, this is the first time it has recruited students across countries and regions.

  William nodded: "Let your Education Department handle the enrollment work! I only have one request: recruit as many talents as possible, but not anti-Austrian elements."

  Political correctness always comes first, everywhere. No exceptions can be made. The Holy Roman Empire was relatively tolerant of new ideas.

  Of course, the main reason is that the country is strong and has enough confidence in itself to withstand the impact of new ideas.

  ...

  Tokyo, with the end of the international trial, this emerging international metropolis is once again exuding vitality.

  The Japanese people have not been knocked down by a trial. The biggest consequence of the international trial is that anti-Russian sentiment among Japanese people has further increased.

  In order to reduce its own pressure, the Japanese government also established a "National Humiliation Day", which is said to commemorate the "heroes" who died in the Russian Embassy case.

  Not only the Russians couldn't stand it, but even the diplomatic corps was furious. The "hero" sentenced to death by the International Court of Justice is clearly a slap in everyone's face.

  It's just that the embassy has been split, and the two leaders, Britain and Shinra, have already taken over, and there is no time to worry about this small problem.

  The two gangsters not only failed to stop it, but instead fanned the flames and contributed to provoking a war between Japan and Russia.

  The reason why "conspiracy" is scary is that even if it is discovered, things will still happen.

  This is the current conflict between Japan and Russia. Knowing that Vienna and London have bad intentions, the Japanese and Russian governments can only bite the bullet.

  Especially for the Japanese government, it is pushed to the wall. Any concession now would be tantamount to slow suicide.

  With the current relationship between Japan and Russia, once the Siberian Railway is opened to traffic, it will be the end of the Japanese Empire.

  In a sense, the pressure the Japanese government faces now is greater than it was in the original time and space.

  An additional war in the Philippines has made the Tokyo government's pockets even poorer, and its overall national strength is one or two points weaker than at the same time in history.

  In contrast, the Russian Empire was different. Although the overall national strength has not increased much, it is obviously bigger!
  The Baltic Sea front line occupied Prussian Poland; the central line occupied Constantinople, and the Black Sea directly became the inland sea of ​​the Russian Empire, and its tentacles once penetrated into the Mediterranean; the southern line occupied most of Afghanistan, and the border line almost overturned India.

  The entire Russian Empire has become fatter than before. If not for the strong rise of Shinra, the entire European world would probably tremble under the gears of the steamroller.

  Facing such an opponent, it is impossible for the Japanese government to remain calm. Had it not been for the Russian embassy case, the Japanese government would not have been determined to fight the Russians.

  It's a pity that reality has no if. With this fuse and the past conflicts between Japan and Russia, this war has become inevitable.

  Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge knows that the smell of gunpowder in Tokyo is too strong, which is clearly a precursor to the outbreak of war.

  Although they did not protest in front of the Russian Embassy again, the anti-Russian movement was in full swing, and even international students were not able to escape.

  "learn from mistakes".

  After experiencing the previous lessons, the Far Eastern Empire's students in Japan also knew how powerful it was, and were no longer enthusiastic about participating in anti-Russian activities.

  But no matter how much he refuses, he can't resist the persistent efforts of Japanese "friends" to win him over. This makes many people who are accustomed to the sophistication of the world very uncomfortable.

  The strength of the Russians is well known to everyone. Except for the Japanese themselves, almost no one thinks highly of them.

  Even if the Japanese government packages itself as the light and hope of Asia, it cannot change the inherent impression in everyone's mind.

  The consequences of standing with losers are very serious. Even if you are involved in it, you are afraid that your family will also be compensated.

  Everyone has seen how strong the vengeance of Mao Xiong is.

  Needless to say, the felons who were sentenced to death must have seen God. What shocked everyone the most was the thousands of people who were sentenced to exile in Siberia. Now their families have received bad news one after another.

  If you don't want to participate, you really can't resist the favor. If you want to survive in a foreign country, you cannot do without the help of friends.

  Many people have received help from Japanese classmates during their study abroad career. Although it is just a small favor, the favor is still owed.

  For young students, loyalty is greater than heaven. Often, after being encouraged by others, my IQ drops.

  If the previous incident had not stimulated everyone, it would probably have been the same as in the original time and space, with a group of foreign students being deceived into being cannon fodder.

  Now they are sober, but after rejecting the offer, everyone suddenly found themselves in an embarrassing situation.

  Because of his outstanding performance in the last incident, Li Boan unknowingly became the backbone of the international students, and everyone liked to come over to discuss things when they encountered them.

  "Brother Bo'an, the situation is not good! Since we refused to participate in the anti-Russian movement, we have been isolated in school, and our Japanese friends have left us one by one.

  Even our residence is often harassed by gangsters , the police in Tokyo don't care at all.

  If this continues, we may have to end our studies early and return to China..."

  Li Bo'an has heard similar complaints more than once. Including himself, he was also ostracized in school. It's just that he has a good mentality and can withstand these pressures.

  "Brother Liu, the purpose of the Japanese is very obvious. It is simply that the Russo-Japanese War is imminent and they need allies to share the pressure. It

  is a lie to win over us. The real purpose is to use us to drag the imperial court into the water and participate in the war with Russia.

  It's just that. The Japanese don't know what the situation is in the imperial court. How can we still be unclear?

  If they really participate regardless of life and death, once the Japanese are defeated, those of us who support them, will Russia liquidate them afterwards?
  Once the Russians threaten force, with Do you think the court's style can bear the pressure?

  I'm afraid that not only will we be unlucky, but the family behind us may also be implicated. Compared with this, the slight grievances we are suffering now are nothing

  . If you can't pass, the worst possible outcome is to leave Japan. Anyway, Nanyang University is about to enroll students, and even if we don't get in, we can choose to pay our own way." There is

  no doubt that these things are not what international students think of themselves. We have not experienced enough social beatings, and our associations are not so rich.

  For these ideas to be widely circulated among international students, there are obviously people who are adding fuel to the fire.

  The purpose is of course self-evident. Nanyang University is about to start school and needs more high-quality students, so it is natural to compete with peers.

  Anyway, there are no real universities in Japan these days, including the University of Tokyo, which is only a little inferior to Pheasant University in the world, and its teaching staff is very average.

  These days, most high-tech technologies are monopolized by Europe. Important scientific research projects and technological innovations are completely blank across Asia.

  Although the Japanese are trying hard, they are just trying hard. Talents and infrastructure are not all in place. To catch up with the world's advanced level, naturally, it will not happen overnight.

  This is one of the reasons why Nanyang University is able to attract countless people to sign up as soon as it recruits students. Although it is also a pheasant university, people don’t know it!
  (End of chapter)

