Close
Holy Roman Empire-1147. Chapter 1125 Battle of Malacca-69 Book Bar
2021-01-19Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1125: Battle of Malacca

  The situation on the battlefield was bad, and the situation at home was even worse. Opposition parties, parliamentarians, experts and scholars... there is no one who does not criticize the government now.

  If it were in peacetime, I guess the protest marchers would have flocked to the government to ask for an explanation by now.

  There is no need to worry tonight, because everyone is busy moving and can't think about seeking their bad luck for the time being.

  There will probably be no trouble tomorrow. Based on the current situation, it is speculated that as long as there is no violent storm tomorrow, the enemy's fighter planes will visit again.

  No matter how resentful everyone is towards the government, they will not go out to protest with bombs on their heads.

  If it really makes any noise, it's a living target. There is no saying these days that civilians cannot be harmed. What everyone likes most now is to throw bombs into crowded places.

  Of course, the London bombing was an exception. Limited by natural conditions, the Shinra Air Force was forced to launch indiscriminate attacks.

  Although they had escaped disaster for the time being, everyone was not happy at all. Because the longer you hold it in, the more violent it will be when it explodes in the future.

  After a while, Finance Minister Asquith broke the silence: "The people are looking at the government. The enemy has dropped the bomb above our heads. If we don't take practical actions to fight back, I'm afraid we won't be able to explain this time." Yes."

  Feeling the expectant gazes of everyone, Attilio became more and more embarrassed. He also thought about "revenge", but the problem was that his strength did not allow it!
  Seeing that he couldn't escape, Attilio said helplessly: "Don't look at me. The air force can't bomb Vienna. It can't even drop a bomb. The

  enemy's air force takes off from the coastal airports in Europe. London is very close, but Vienna is far in the interior of Europe, thousands of miles away from Britain.

  This distance has long exceeded the coverage of our air force. If we really want to retaliate, we can send symbolic fighter planes to sneak attack on the enemy. coastal cities.

  It is really not possible, bombing cities such as Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, etc. is barely possible."

  This is a sad topic. It doesn't matter if you can't touch the enemy's capital. Even if you want to sneak attack on the enemy's coastal cities, you must be cautious and don't dare to send out the main force.

  After all, the enemy on the opposite side is the world's largest air force. Britain does not have a complete air defense early warning system, which does not mean that the enemy does not have one either.

  If the enemy discovers it in advance, another wave of heads will be sent to them. It can only be said that the battle during the day scared Attilio, the Air Force Minister, out of his heart, and his cautious mentality once again took over .

  Even if you want to retaliate, you have to choose an area where the enemy's troops are weak. There is no doubt that a day trip to the airspace of France, Belgium and the Netherlands is far safer than wandering around the HRE.

  Foreign Minister Adam: "No, although the three countries of France, Belgium and the Netherlands are our enemies now, they were all forced to join the Continental Alliance and were not of the same mind as the Vienna government. Although the

  three countries are currently participating in the war, in fact they are just HRE The Air Force has provided the airport and some strategic supplies, but has not yet sent troops in any real sense.

  Now bombing their capitals will certainly put pressure on the Vienna government, but it will also completely force the three countries to oppose us.

  If it is just these three countries, the key is It would also trigger a chain reaction and arouse the hostility of other member states of the Continental League.

  With the consistent style of the Vienna government, they would definitely not give up such an opportunity. If they were allowed to take the opportunity to integrate the European countries, then this war would not have to be fought. "

  It seems that two major camps are competing for hegemony, but in fact only Britain and HRE are actually taking action. The remaining alliance countries are either waiting and watching, or waiting for opportunities.

  If these countries are really stimulated and forced to take full action, the situation in Britain will be even worse. Not to mention anything else, India's defense war started first.

  No, the defense war in India has already started, but the battlefield is still a little far away from India and there is no threat for the time being.

  Army Secretary Marcus: "Adam is right, the current situation is very unfavorable to us, and it is really not suitable to provoke other countries.

  This war is not limited to Europe, Africa and Asia are the main battlefields. Also today, the enemy is also We launched a full-scale attack on Persia and Indochina, and it was clearly aimed at India.

  Now the front lines are asking for reinforcements everywhere. Even if we expand the army to one million and the colonial troops to three million, it is still not enough. Judging

  from the current situation, if we want to defend our overseas colonies, we need at least two million regular troops and five million colonial troops."

  After hearing this appalling number, everyone felt dizzy, as if they had been touched by the soul. Impact.

  Two million regular troops + five million colonial troops, this is completely refreshing the upper limit of military strength in human history.

  Even during the Continental War, no one family raised an army of seven million. This was clearly challenging everyone's three views.

  "Don't look at me like that. This number is the final result determined by the Ministry of War after careful study and analysis of data collected. I can give you a calculation: an

  optimistic calculation, to maintain the security and stability of the mainland, especially Ireland. The stability of the region requires at least 500,000 regular troops; the

  Cape of Good Hope, a key military strategic location, the Ministry of War plans to arrange for 100,000 regular troops and 200,000 colonial troops to be stationed in batches according to actual needs;

  East Africa has a slightly lower strategic position. But the area is vast. The Ministry of War plans to arrange for 200,000 regular troops and 600,000 colonial troops to be stationed. If necessary, it can consider abandoning it;

  Indochina..."

  It's not that I don't know, but I was shocked by the calculation. Even though there are seven million troops, that many troops are really needed on the battlefield. If you want to counterattack, even this number is far from enough.

  There is no way, the combat effectiveness cannot keep up, the only way is to use the number of people to make up. If you include reserves, supplementary corps, etc., I am afraid that the number of British armed forces will directly exceed 10 million.

  Maintaining such a huge armed force makes people feel numb just thinking about it. Although the British family has a great cause, everyone also feels that it is difficult.

  After a moment of silence, Interior Minister Azevedo took the lead and said: "This war belongs to the entire Ocean Alliance, and we cannot be the only one to contribute. I propose to mobilize the power of allies and let everyone share the pressure."

  Mobilize the power of allies . , the British government has already done this. After all, everyone is the master of not letting go of the hawk before seeing the rabbit, so just shouting a few times is fine, but if you want everyone to work hard without enough benefits, there is no chance.

  There is no way. In the past few hundred years, the British government has written too many bad checks that have not been cashed. Now everyone is on guard.

  Without implementing concrete interests in advance, countries will simply not be fooled. The most important thing is that Britain is not strong enough now to give everyone enough confidence.

  Especially after today's air raid. For a boss who can't even guarantee the safety of his own homeland, it's even harder for everyone to follow him and work hard.

  Even though he knew that there was no way out now that he was standing in line, selfishness still couldn't be eliminated.

  ...

  Singapore, at almost the same time as the news of the declaration of war came, the Shinra Navy came over and were greeted by the defenders who were waiting for them.

  As an important place guarding the Strait of Malacca, the British have been operating in Singapore for decades and naturally cannot give up easily.

  Rows of super-large-caliber shore artillery are the defenders’ greatest confidence. As soon as the Shinra Navy emerged from the horizon, they encountered an overwhelming barrage of artillery shells.

  The startled Admiral Forrest hurriedly ordered: "Order the fleet to stop advancing, and the bombing brigade will take off immediately to target the enemy's shore artillery."

  It is definitely a loss-making business to bombard warships and shore artillery. If it was before, then it goes without saying that in order to achieve strategic goals, no matter how big the loss is, it can only affect the scalp.

  Things are different now. The emergence of aircraft carriers has changed the pattern of naval warfare. There is a mobile bombing fortress, so there is no need to continue to fight head-on.

  When shore artillery encounters bombers, the result is self-evident. Bombs falling from the sky instantly broke the situation on the island.

  The once impregnable defense line was now like a piece of paper, easily broken by the enemy's bombing.

  Colonel Burks, who was stationed in Singapore Harbor, was no longer as elegant as before. He roared almost like a roar: "Immediately organize air defense, and activate the anti-aircraft artillery and machine guns. The

  shore artillery that has not been locked by the enemy should be concealed immediately. , be faster...

  Signal Corps, Signal Corps, where did you die?"

  I saw a young man running over immediately. Before he got close, Colonel Burks scolded: "What are you running around about? Don't hurry up and send power to the Far East Fleet.

  Tell Admiral Michel that we are under siege by the enemy. The situation is very critical and we need reinforcements and reinforcements!"

  Don't panic. Singapore Port has been peaceful for decades, and the island is mostly populated by immigrants. On weekdays, Not even indigenous conflicts are encountered here.

  It can be said that there has been no war since the garrison was established. It was precisely because Singapore Harbor was safe enough and relatively wealthy that Colonel Burkes was brought over by his family to be gilded.

  Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly. The Port of Singapore, which had been peaceful for decades, ushered in a war immediately after Birx took office.

  Originally, Colonel Burks had a chance to leave, but he thought he was familiar with military science and insisted on staying to guard Singapore for the Queen.

  To this end, a "perfect" defense plan was also formulated. The rows of shore guns were completed under the leadership of Colonel Burks.

  Unfortunately, he considered the threat from the sea but ignored the threat from the sky. After witnessing a huge cannon being disabled by enemy bombing, Colonel Burks panicked.

  After all, he graduated from a military academy and has some military background. He just hesitated for a moment and reacted immediately.

  In the distance, Admiral Forrest was looking with a telescope, his eyes were showing admiration at this moment, and from time to time he was saying something in a voice that only he could hear.

  As time went by, the enemy's shore artillery gradually became mute. Either it was damaged by bombing, or it was to hide its location. In short, now only the sea is calm.

  The adjutant on the side reminded: "Your Excellency, Commander, the enemy's firepower has been suppressed, and we can launch a landing operation."

  The conditions for the landing operation were met, and Admiral Forrest waved his hand: "No hurry, we There is plenty of time.

  The enemy's telegram for help has just been sent out. The Far East Fleet has probably not set off yet. We have captured Singapore so quickly. What if they don't come?"

  The tactics of ancient and modern times, both at home and abroad, are actually similar. Holy Rome Although the empire does not have the allusion of "encircling a point and calling for reinforcements", the tactic of "encircling a point and calling for reinforcements" still exists.

  The reason for rushing to attack Singapore Harbor was to attract the Far East Fleet to come for a decisive battle. Just look at the map and you will know that starting a war in the Strait of Malacca is very beneficial to the HRE Navy.

  Next door is our own colony. The Air Force has already coordinated with them. An Air Force Division has completed its assembly, and now they are waiting for the Far East Fleet to come over and be beaten.

  Against this background, the Port of Singapore cannot be captured at once. If the British were not given hope, the Far East Fleet would not come over for a decisive battle!

  Admiral Forrest had already planned to kill the British Far East Fleet before heading towards the Indian Ocean to poke the British in the eye.

  Regardless of whether the final plan was successful, as long as the British Far East Fleet was eliminated and the war was carried to the Indian Ocean, it would be a strategic success.

  ...

  Those who count others will always count them.

  The Shinra Navy is planning the Far East Fleet, and the British are also not idle. At this moment, the Far East Fleet is no longer in Cam Ranh Bay, and is even less than 200 nautical miles away from Malacca.

  After receiving the telegram from the defenders asking for help, General Michel did not panic at all, but showed a sarcastic smile.

  Then he asked the officer approaching: "How far away is the Japanese navy from us, and how long will it take to join us?" The

  Shinra Navy wanted to lure the Far East Fleet to a decisive battle in the Strait of Malacca by besieging Singapore. This was a conspiracy in itself. Of course, I can't hide it from General Michel.

  As long as Britain wanted to keep the Malacca route, this battle was inevitable. Even before the war broke out, both sides had anticipated it.

  In Michelle's view, as long as one's own strength is strong enough, even if the battlefield choice is somewhat unfavorable, the strength can still be used to make up for it.

  In order to ensure the safety of the Malacca Strait, Michel decided to resort to tricks when he was unable to lure out the main force of the HRE Navy.

  In order to ensure victory in the war, Michel did not hesitate to ask for huge profits from the Japanese, and prepared to gather the power of the two navies to seize control of the sea in the Nanyang region in one fell swoop.

  "There is still a distance of about 50 nautical miles. According to the current speed of both sides, they will be able to catch up with us at noon tomorrow."

  After glancing at the telegram in his hand, Admiral Michel said slowly: "The pressure on the defenders is very high. Big, we can't waste too much time on the road.

  The decisive battle time may be advanced. Let's urge the Japanese to speed up and try to join us as soon as possible."

  ...

  (End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1148. Chapter 1126 Strategic Priority-69 Book Bar
2021-01-20Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1126 Strategic Priority In the
  vast blue ocean, waves kept coming, hitting the warship, making a roar of earth-shattering, and spraying waves several meters high.

  Under the impact of the waves, the warship began to shake, and the people on the plywood could no longer stand firmly. If we weren't all experienced, we might have already gone to the sea to feed the fish by now.

  In the command room, General Ito Yuhiro was drinking coffee calmly, as if the storm in the outside world did not exist.

  For those who have been at sea all year round, wind and waves have become a part of everyone's life. As long as they do not threaten the safety of the fleet, it is not a big deal and worth making a fuss about.

  Staff officer Akiyama Shinyuki: "Your Excellency, Commander, there is an urgent telegram from the British. Please read it."

  As he spoke, he handed over the document respectfully, showing perfect etiquette.

  Putting down the coffee in his hand, he casually took the document, and after briefly scanning it, General Ito Yuhiro closed his eyes and muttered to himself: What is supposed to come will come.

  Then he asked: "Where are we now?"

  In sea navigation, determining the position is also a science. In this era without GPS positioning, we rely entirely on traditional tools to guide the direction, which is impossible without rich navigation experience.

  Especially since they were still sneaking quietly this time, they had to avoid the enemy's eyes and ears. Traditional routes could not be taken at all, which made it even more difficult.

  Akiyama Shinyuki replied: "We are almost near the Anambas Islands. We are not far from the meeting point with the British." After thinking for a while

  , General Ito Yuhiro ordered: "The enemy is attacking Singapore. It's time for the decisive battle. It's time to go ahead. Pass the order and order the fleet to speed up."

  His hands are short to take people, but his mouth is soft to eat people. After working behind the British boss's back for so many years, now it's time to work hard.

  Of course, the most important thing is to be forced into helplessness. Russia and Austria are traditional allies, which means that Japan, which is at war with the Russian Empire, cannot get close to it.

  In a sense, Japan's fate has long been bound to the British. Although it is not possible to achieve both prosperity and prosperity, there is still a possibility of both losses and losses.

  In the unfortunate event that the British were defeated, Japan, even if the Vienna government did not liquidate the war and did not have the support of the great powers, could not defeat the Russians.

  This time going south, the Japanese navy is not only fighting for the British, but also fighting for the Japanese Empire, so now it is impossible not to work hard.

  I have to admit that the Japanese are indeed talented in sneak attacks. The fleet has entered the Southeast Asia and has not been discovered by the Continental Alliance.

  In comparison, the British are much worse in this regard. Not long after the Far East Fleet set off, news leaked out, otherwise the Battle of Singapore would not have broken out so coincidentally.

  Of course, not being taken seriously is also an important factor. After all, the British Far East Fleet is always being watched, but the Japanese Navy is not taken seriously at all.

  Luck will always run out. After all, the Nanyang region is the sphere of influence of the Continental Alliance. If you can escape the first day of the lunar month, you can't escape the fifteenth day.

  Just as the Japanese navy accelerated, Hans, who was driving the reconnaissance plane, swore: "God, look what we found?" The

  exaggerated expression scared Leo in the co-pilot seat to break out in a cold sweat: "Calm down. Man, don't forget you are flying a plane!"

  Looking at his nervous companions, Hans reacted and said calmly: "Don't worry, I know what's going on. We are flying over the sea and not in a mountainous area. It doesn't matter if you get distracted occasionally.

  The only people to blame are the Japanese below. If they hadn't come here, would I be so surprised?"

  Leo completely lost his temper towards his arrogant companion. Now he finally understood why Hans, who was so skilled in driving, was kicked out of the main force.

  What a pilot needs is composure, and the nervous Hans is obviously not suitable for this profession. If he hadn't caught up with this war and his driving skills were really good, he would have been sent home by now.

  Regardless of continuing the theory, Leo had already started tapping on the telegraph machine. The fact that the Japanese navy entered Nanyang was such a big thing that it must be reported immediately.

  As for how to deal with it later, that is a question that the big shots should think about, and they don't need to worry about it.

  ...

  The invention of radio is definitely the greatest revolution in the history of military information.

  The news that the reconnaissance plane had discovered traces of the Japanese navy reached Admiral Forrest outside Singapore Harbor in less than half an hour, explaining what efficiency was with practical actions.

  Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge can see that the Japanese Navy secretly went south this time, obviously for the Shinra Navy.

  Whether or not to continue with the original plan is a tangled question. According to the original plan, only the Far East Fleet needs to be dealt with, and the chance of winning is as high as 99%.

  Now that there is an additional Japanese navy, the situation is completely different. How powerful an aircraft carrier formation can be is still an unsolved mystery.

  Air Force reinforcements are also not unlimited. After all, this is Nanyang and not the mainland. It is not easy to mobilize an air force division to participate in the war.

  Theoretically, a fully-equipped air force division has 288 fighters, which is already a lot.

  The problem is that the air force division is not only bombers, but also fighter jets, reconnaissance aircraft, early warning aircraft, transport aircraft...

  Of course, it is not that these aircraft cannot be used as bombers, but the results will be very touching.

  Forrest has reason to believe that victory will belong to him. But this battle is not only to defeat the enemy, but more importantly, to severely damage or even annihilate the enemy's main fleet.

  The enemy is not a fool. If he finds that there is an enemy above his head and is unable to deal with it, he will definitely choose to run away.

  After all, tactics with poor concepts can only be used once. If you can't severely damage the enemy this time, it will be impossible to play like this next time.

  After much hesitation, Forrest decided to take the gamble. It's not easy to lure the enemy to your doorstep. If you miss this opportunity, you don't know when the next time will be.

  Even if the enemy cannot be left behind, as long as a few enemy battleships are killed, or the two British dreadnoughts are eliminated, the goal is considered accomplished.

  As long as the enemy's vitality is hurt and the Spanish and Dutch fleets are gathered behind them, even without the help of the air force, they will not be at a disadvantage against the Anglo-Japanese alliance.

  As long as this step is achieved, the Continental Alliance can not only cut off the Malacca route, but also send a fleet to the Indian Ocean from time to time.

  The subsequent battle can be left to the army. As long as the navy can ensure the supply of logistics supplies, it will be enough to fight all the way from the Malay Peninsula.

  Although as a result, his own glory is reduced; but as a senior general, he must consider issues strategically.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Everyone flies when disaster strikes-69 Book Bar
2021-01-21Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1127: Fly separately when disaster strikes.

  A few silk-like white clouds are suspended in the blue sky, and the waves are rolling on the endless sea. In the distance, the sky and the sea have completely merged into one.

  Through a high-power telescope, you can vaguely see a few small spots appearing on the sea and sky, rising and falling along the sea wolf waves, as if they may disappear with the waves at any time.

  The reconnaissance plane had already sent back intelligence, and Forrest was not surprised at all by the enemy's appearance. The fleet's combat formation was set up, waiting for the enemy to come over.

  "Order the fleet to prepare for battle and notify the Air Force that they can take off!"

  ...

  Closer, closer, the sound of artillery fire boomed, and the fighter planes on the rear aircraft carrier also took off one after another, forming a personal queue and flying towards the British and Japanese coalition forces. Above the head, a unique welcome ceremony begins .

  The explosive stuffed dumplings falling from the sky directly hit the British and Japanese combined fleet. General Michel reacted and hurriedly ordered: "Air defense, organize air defense quickly!"

  Unfortunately, all this was in vain. The Royal Navy has experienced various naval battles, but it has never experienced what it feels like to be bombed by aircraft.

  The so-called anti-aircraft firepower is actually mostly aimed at airships. Because the airship is big enough, it can drop giant bombs weighing several tons, and it can even damage a warship by just smashing it.

  As for the threat from aircraft, unfortunately the Royal Navy bases its estimates on its own Air Force. On the premise of ensuring flight mileage, only a few hundred kilograms of ammunition can be loaded at most at a time.

  Generally speaking, it is reliable. Even if it is Shinra's most advanced bomber, the maximum bomb load can exceed two tons on the premise of ensuring the flight range.

  But because the cost is too high, this most advanced fighter aircraft has not been put into large-scale service. Most of the mainstream bombers in the Air Force have a load capacity of about one ton.

  But that was an Army fighter plane, not a Navy fighter plane. The bombers equipped by the aircraft carrier have much lower cruising range requirements.

  As long as it can have one or two hours of flying time in the air, it can meet the basic requirements. As for the amazing cruising range, there is no need to consider it yet.

  If the cruising range requirement is low, the fuel required will naturally be less, and the corresponding bomb load will be larger.

  Because the fuel utilization rate is not high, this number is not small. Basically, aircraft carrier fighters with the same power have a bomb load that is 10 to 20 percent higher.

  Although this number may seem inconspicuous, in a war, this gap can kill people.

  Ordinary bombers need to work hard to carry a one-ton bomb, but aircraft carrier fighters can do it easily.

  Because of their accuracy, fighter planes carrying large bombs usually only cause trouble for big guys.

  As the flagship and latest model of the dreadnought, Admiral Michel's vehicle, the Elizabeth, has become the brightest creature on the field.

  In just five minutes, it was hit by three giant bombs. Although none of them hit, the sound of falling into the sea and exploding was equally loud.

  Luck always runs out. Although the Elizabeth escaped the big bomb, it suffered two small bombs.

  The smallness is also relative. The smallest bombs targeted at warships weigh dozens of kilograms. No one throws a grenade or something to catch it.

  The warship has withstood the test, but one of its main guns was scrapped, and more than a dozen officers and soldiers were taken away, and even more were injured.

  Even Commander Michelle was almost knocked unconscious. The anti-aircraft machine gun, which had high hopes, was like a clown at the moment. Although it was performing hard, it failed to win applause from the audience.

  In any case, the Royal Navy finally organized air defense. Although no results have been achieved, at least the enemy's planes did not dare to descend to dozens of meters to drop bombs.

  In contrast, the Japanese Navy, as its counterpart, was tragic. Air defense, what is that?
  Although the Japanese Navy learned from the Royal Navy, the funds at hand are limited after all, and it is inevitable to save in some unnecessary places .

  The Japanese Navy, which has always been a benchmark against the Far Eastern Empire, naturally does not need to consider such a high-level thing as "air defense".

  Even when the Russo-Japanese War broke out, the Russians did not have a fleet to come for a decisive battle, and the Russian Air Force could not fly over the Japanese Navy. Therefore, the Japanese Navy never had the concept of "air defense ."

  As soon as the bombing began, General Ito Yuhiro greeted General Michel's family. This isn't a battle, it's just a trap for your teammates.

  You must know that the Japanese navy was completely unprepared. Apart from the officers' pistols, they had no weapons that could shoot into the sky.

  Although machine guns and artillery are carried, these things cannot be fired directly upward. It is lucky if the gun jams, or it may explode directly.

  The furious General Ito Yuhiro immediately roared: "Give me the order to get everyone ready to retreat.

  By the way, I sent a message to ask Michelle, if they can't deal with the enemy's bombing, we will withdraw first!"

  There is no way ! , as long as you are willing to sacrifice and rush forward to fight the enemy in close combat, the threat from the sky will not be a problem.

  The problem now is that the Shinra Navy is mobile. They can rush forward and run back, but the planes in the sky will still bomb.

  You can't bet on the enemy running out of ammunition, right?
  It's not far from the Malay Peninsula, and the enemy's fighter planes can make a round trip in just over an hour at most.

  Theoretically speaking, the British-Japanese combined fleet could take advantage of the enemy air force's return to rush in for a decisive battle with the Shinra Navy.

  But the enemy is not a soft persimmon, at least it cannot be killed in one or two hours.

  What's more, who stipulated that the enemy's aircraft can only have one wave? What if it is continuous?
  The old Ito Yuhiro, who has long passed the second grade of junior high school, has no idea of ​​​​doing something he knows is impossible.

  As the battle progresses, many Japanese warships have been damaged, and even a cruiser is slowly sinking.

  Unlike Britain and HRE, which have great families and businesses, the Japanese Empire has very little financial resources. Once a warship is lost, it is really lost.

  Yuheng Ito is very clear about the domestic situation. Even if it wins the Russo-Japanese War, it will not be able to turn around without more than ten or twenty years of finance, and it will simply not be able to increase its investment in the navy.

  The original plan was to join forces with the British to kill Shinra's Nanyang Fleet, and the two countries would jointly carve up the rich Nanyang Islands.

  The current situation is very obvious. Not to mention killing the Nanyang Fleet, with the attack power of the enemy's air force, they might have to explain themselves first.

  After hearing the order from General Ito Yuhiro, Akiyama Shinyuki, who was a little embarrassed by the bombing, said hurriedly: "Your Excellency, Commander, if you retreat directly in this situation, I am afraid that the enemy will bite you soon. Unless you

  evacuate in a dispersed manner, you can It is possible to withdraw most of the warships, but this will put our capital ships in danger.

  If we want to withdraw the fleet as intact as possible, unless someone helps attract the enemy's attention so that they can't care about us."

  Selling teammates ?
  Together with this thought, I couldn't get rid of it in General Ito Yuhiro's mind. If he hadn't been concerned about the strength of the British, he would have given the order.

  "It's difficult. Not to mention whether the British cooperate or not, even if the plan is really successful, what will happen in the future?
  Appearing here today, we have offended the Holy Roman Empire. If we offend the British again, I am afraid that the world in the future will There will be no place for the empire."

  Regret is necessary. We must have known that this was a trap, and Ito Yuhiro would not come with the fleet no matter what.

  As long as no troops are sent to fight, even if you are on the wrong team, there is still room for maneuver.

  There are so many countries that support Britain, and it is impossible for the Holy Roman Empire to kill them all. At the worst, they can always get by if they give up some of their interests.

  It's different now. The two sides have already fought each other and are covered in each other's blood. It will be difficult to land smoothly.

  Akiyama Shinyuki: "Your Majesty Commander, there is no need to be so pessimistic. Since we can be used as pawns for the British, we can also be used as pawns for the Holy Roman Empire.

  At least before the Russian Empire is weakened, the empire still has value. As long as it exists value, then there is room for maneuver.

  For the Vienna government, it is better for the Vienna government to use our hands to severely damage the Russians and eliminate this last hidden danger than to attack their allies themselves."

  ...

  Elizabeth, Colonel Michel in the command room Jiang no longer has the charm of the past, and his whole person looks much more haggard.

  As time went by, the British-Japanese combined fleet suffered more and more losses. In just one cup of tea, more than ten ships suffered heavy damage.

  At this moment, the combined fleet faced not only the enemy's aircraft carrier formation, but also the air force that came after hearing the news.

  No matter what kind of plane, as long as it can drop bombs, it will appear on the battlefield at this moment.

  Although most of the bombs of the Air Force are small, many of them only weigh a few kilograms or more than ten kilograms. Even if they are hit, they will only be used by warships, but they cannot handle the large number!
  Just because warships are not afraid of these small bombs does not mean that the officers and soldiers on the ships are not afraid either. No matter how big the bomb is, it can kill people.

  Some planes even use machine guns to shoot down at random. As a result, the soldiers holding anti-aircraft machine guns did not dare to show their heads.

  "General, there is an urgent call from the Japanese army. The commander of the Japanese fleet, Yuhiro Ito, proposed to launch a charge as quickly as possible and engage the enemy in close combat."

  Admiral Michel, who seemed to have received an awakening and had his mind opened, immediately made a decision The decision was made: "Immediately call back Ito Yuheng and tell me the plan I agree with, and charge to the enemy in five minutes. Give the order,

  stop artillery fire after five minutes, and the entire army will turn around and return to Cam Ranh Bay as quickly as possible."

  The strong man broke his wrist . !

  This is not only betraying his teammates, but he also doesn't care about one of his own, Michelle.

  The speeds of warships are different. If you let go of your speed and run, the slower warship will definitely not be able to escape.

  But at this point, facing an enemy like an airplane that "can only be beaten but cannot fight back," if you don't run away, your entire army will be annihilated.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1150. Chapter 1128 A far-reaching victory-69 Book Bar
2021-01-21Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1128: A far-reaching victory.

  Everyone wanted to cheat their teammates, but then tragedy happened. As soon as the signal to retreat was given, the British and Japanese forces began to run back, and the battlefield became completely chaotic.

  The speed of the warships is different. After turning on full power, the original combat formation immediately collapsed. Everyone was busy running for their lives, and no one was left behind.

  It was originally intended to trick his teammates, but he didn't expect that both parties wanted to go together. In the end, not only did he trick his teammates, but he also tricked himself.

  After being defeated like a mountain, the British and Japanese forces contributed a "Great Escape at Sea" with practical actions.

  In the distance, under the cover of the waves, probes appeared from time to time, observing the entire battlefield.

  For this war, they have been lying underwater for a day and a night, just waiting for this opportunity.

  From the beginning of the battle, Major Wallace, as the captain of the boat, stared at the big screen and did not dare to relax at all. It was not until the British and Japanese allied forces were defeated that his nervous nerves relaxed.

  The picture transmitted back by the mirror image is not clear, but there is still no problem in judging the enemy's position.

  Seeing that the enemy warship appeared within the attack range, the atmosphere inside the boat became tense again. Major Wallace said: "Let go of these little miscellaneous fish in front first. Our mission is to keep the enemy's capital ship!"

  Not yet! The British and Japanese forces, who knew there was a trap ahead, had only one idea - to run. You don't need to run very fast, just outrun your teammates.

  In terms of speed, the Royal Navy still has an advantage. The performance of the Far East Fleet's warships is generally better than that of the Japanese Navy. Coupled with richer experience and skills, it is naturally more advantageous to run.

  The faster warships rushed to the front, while the slower ones were forced to become the rear troops. In this regard, we must thank our Japanese allies.

  Fortunately, the Japanese warship at the rear was resisting desperately and bought time for retreat. Otherwise, it would be considered lucky to be able to escape half of the warships.

  However, Admiral Michel was not happy. Although he had distanced himself from the Shinra Navy, his flagship Elizabeth was targeted by enemy fighter planes.

  There are now more than a dozen fighter planes circling overhead, and bombs are falling from time to time, obviously trying to catch them and not release them.

  Not only the Elizabeth, but all larger warships are now receiving intensive care.

  It's no joke that ants kill an elephant. Just look at the Elizabeth at the moment and you will know that it is completely riddled with holes.

  One-third of the main gun was out of service, the casualties of officers and soldiers exceeded 200, and even the power system was affected.

  Even if it ran back to Cam Ranh Bay, it would still have to be repaired for several months at the very least. There was no way it would be able to participate in the battle in a short period of time.

  A whooshing sound.

  "Torpedo!"

  Someone shouted, and then a violent explosion was heard. The hit destroyer began to tear apart and slowly sank.

  After narrowly escaping, Admiral Michel was left in a cold sweat. The enemies in the sky haven't been dealt with yet, and the enemies under the water have appeared again.

  If it were any other time, they could naturally pull out the submarine and kill it according to the direction; but that didn't work now. They were busy escaping and had no time to delay.

  As if a signal light had been detonated, since the first torpedo was launched and exploded, successive explosions continued to sound.

  Almost every bang was followed by a great achievement. As if realizing something, Admiral Michel hurriedly ordered: "The enemy has an ambush, order the fleet to disperse and break out!"

  There was no way, the fleet evacuated in one direction swarmly, just like piecing together the targets on the training ground, even if they escaped After hitting target No. 1, he was still able to hit targets No. 2, No. 3. ..

  Seeing that the British warship running ahead was in trouble, General Ito Yuhiro, who was lagging behind, did not feel relieved at all, but his expression became more solemn.

  At this stage, if you don't know that you have fallen into the enemy's trap, you will have lived a long life in vain.

  The greater the British losses now, it means that the enemy is more prepared, and it also means that the probability of them running out is lower.

  Akiyama Shinyuki suggested: "Your Majesty Commander, let's separate from the British! The empire has already paid too much for this war.

  At this point, there is no need to be tied to the British anymore. Anyway, we are In the eyes of the enemy, we can only be regarded as small fish now."

  "Mysterious self-confidence", this time it is really not the case. It can be seen from the number of fighters overhead that the Far East Fleet receives obviously more care.

  This kind of treatment is determined based on strength. Compared with the awesome Royal Navy, the Japanese Navy is far inferior in terms of performance and popularity.

  The gap in hardware is even greater. The Japanese Navy is limited by domestic industry. Most of its major warships rely on outsourcing, and localization is still far away.

  A country that cannot be independent in its military industry will naturally not be taken seriously. Not being taken seriously is not entirely a bad thing, at least it is much easier to escape.

  Before General Ito Yuhiro could make a decision, a loud "boom" was heard, and then the warship began to shake violently, and everyone in the headquarters was also thrown to pieces.

  "Hit!"

  This was Ito Yuheng's last consciousness before he fell into coma.

  ...

  The brutal battle continued. The straggler warships either surrendered or were sunk. The sea was filled with a large number of floating objects, and people could be vaguely seen.

  Fortunately, the violent explosion scared the sea creatures, otherwise these unlucky ones who fell into the water would have been fed to the sharks by now.

  Night saved the remaining British-Japanese coalition forces, but it didn't hurt. After this battle, the Far East Fleet and the Japanese Navy were abolished.

  Not a single capital ship of more than 10,000 tons remained, and the losses of various types of ancillary warships were also countless. Most of the cruisers that ran out were faster cruisers. They could break up friendships and attack merchant ships without even thinking about turning things around.

  The bloody battlefield did not affect Admiral Forrest's good mood. Such a clean and decisive victory was completely beyond his expectation.

  "Order the fleet to stop the attack, rescue those who fell into the water, and count the losses."

  The winner must naturally have the bearing of a winner. Today's battle is over, and now it's time to take prisoners.

  They are all excellent laborers, and they will need to bleed and sweat in the next Indochina strategy.

  ...

  "Your Majesty, good news! This afternoon the Nanyang Fleet fought a decisive battle with the British and Japanese forces in Malacca, and our army won a complete victory!" He

  grabbed the telegram, and Emperor Franz, who was originally about to sleep, was no longer sleepy at this moment.

  After confirming again and again, Franz showed a long-lost smile and felt relaxed.

  The specific results of the victory have not yet been calculated, and even the losses suffered by oneself are only an approximate number, but this does not affect this in the slightest, which is a great victory.

  Two dreadnoughts were sunk, five old battleships were captured, and one old battleship was captured. Almost all the main forces of the British Far East Fleet and the Japanese Navy were accounted for.

  Without a capital ship to act as a combat force, no matter how many other warships escaped, the British-Japanese coalition would only exist in name only.

  The fate that awaits them is to be surrounded and suppressed by the Shinra Navy in the following days. You don't even need to take action personally, the fleets of Spain and the Netherlands alone in the Southeast Asia can complete the task of beating the drowned dog.

  The victory in the Battle of the Malacca Strait not only reversed the situation in the Far East, but also affected the world situation.

  The myth of the Royal Navy's invincibility has been shattered. The biggest impact is not on military strength, but on the confidence of countries around the world in this war.

  Simply calculating military strength, the Far East Fleet accounts for at most 15% of the Royal Navy. Even if the entire army is annihilated, the Royal Navy still has an advantage in overall strength.

  But the blow to confidence is that it is not a simple set of data. The British-Japanese coalition had a full advantage, but was overturned by the Nanyang Fleet. Who can guarantee that the Royal Navy will win in the next battle?

  Especially for the member states of the Ocean Alliance, they have to reconsider whether to continue this war at this moment.

  Everyone participated in this war, apart from the deception of the British, the most important thing was because of interests.

  However, the interests are based on defeating the Holy Roman Empire. If they lose the war, they will lose everything.

  Anyway, we have just declared war and have not officially started fighting yet. As long as we pay a certain price, it is not impossible to retreat.

  While shaking the Ocean Alliance, it will also stimulate the enthusiasm of allies to participate in the war. Although there is no clear division of interests after the war, everyone still knows the consistent style of the Vienna government.

  Under the distribution model where contributions are proportional to benefits, if you want to grab a share of benefits after the war, you must make sufficient contributions.

  If it is just a matter of adding up the numbers to make soy sauce, then when the benefits are distributed after the war, it will also be a matter of making up the numbers to make soy sauce.

  If nothing else happens, the British will be exhausted next. Even if the London government can abandon the Far East, it can't abandon the Indian Ocean too, right?
  Without the restraint of the Far East Fleet, it is inevitable that the Nanyang Fleet will enter the Indian Ocean. In order to ensure smooth routes between the British Isles and India, the British must divide their forces and station them.

  Deploying a fleet is not as simple as it sounds. The Royal Navy is indeed huge, but they don't have many mobile forces at their disposal.

  The local fleet has to contain the Shinra Navy, and several overseas fleets have to maintain smooth trade lines. It is not an easy task to mobilize a force that can compete with the Nanyang Fleet.

  After some thought, Franz made a decision: "Immediately announce the results of the naval battle and order the Propaganda Department to launch a public opinion offensive around the world to shake the military morale of the Oceanic Alliance.

  Notify our allies and ask them to rush to print a batch of leaflets overnight. , when the Air Force bombs tomorrow, we will spread it to the British Isles."

  If you don't pursue such a good opportunity, you would be sorry to God.

  I wonder if the British people can withstand such a blow. Less than a week after the war started, they suffered successive air attacks and failed naval battles.

  It would be even better if someone could take the lead and stir things up internally.

  After thinking about it, Franz gave up his plan to kill himself. It is not easy for the intelligence officers. To ask them to carry out such an order is obviously to force others to do something difficult.

  There is serious internal strife in the UK, which is based on the absence of external threats. The current situation is so serious, and the opposition parties are not fools.

  Political struggle is political struggle, and the prerequisite is that the British Empire must exist. It is impossible to completely abandon national interests for the sake of political struggle.

  Even if there are some people who don't understand the situation and want to take advantage of the situation to cause trouble, interest groups will not tolerate their messing around.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1151. Chapter 1129 Postwar Influence-69 Book Bar
2021-01-22Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1129 Post-War Impact
  In the early morning, the temporary British government residence in the air-raid shelter was still brightly lit.

  It was another sleepless night. Just as the smoke from the day's bombing had dissipated, another piece of bad news came.

  The British and Japanese coalition forces suffered a disastrous defeat in the naval battle, and even the flagship was sunk. The life or death of the fleet commander, Admiral Michel, is now unknown.

  After receiving this news, everyone's first reaction was: "Just kidding". The Far East Fleet alone can suppress the Nanyang Fleet, how could the British-Japanese coalition lose?
  Unfortunately, after repeated verification, it was proved that this is reality and not a hoax.

  Forced to accept this reality, Prime Minister Campbell's three views were subverted. It turned out that the Royal Navy was no longer invincible.

  After having this knowledge, Campbell's whole person felt bad. What would happen to this war if the Royal Navy couldn't contain it?
  The most confused person was Admiralty Swinding. Although the battle reports from the front line were very clear, they attributed the failure of the war to the following: the enemy's air force entered the war.

  As for the aircraft carrier, it has always been hiding behind and has never shown its head. Anyway, planes are bombing, and the British warships participating in the war naturally cannot tell the difference.

  War is cruel, and if you lose, you lose. No matter how many reasons there are, you can't change the fact that the war has failed.

  Just look at the current office location of the cabinet government to see how powerful the enemy's air force is. As long as there is a way, they will not fall to this point.

  After a brief eye contact, the room quickly fell silent, and everyone fell into a state of confusion.

  Quite a bit like: "On the ignorant tree are the fruits, and under the ignorant tree are you and me."

  After a cup of coffee, Foreign Secretary Adam was the first to break the silence: "The failure of the Malacca naval battle had a very bad impact on the overall strategy of the empire.

  I am not very clear about the military issues, but the diplomatic troubles are definitely disappointing. Collapse.

  The enemy will not give up. Maybe tonight, or maybe tomorrow, the news will spread all over the world.

  Our allies who are not firm in their stance may make trouble again. To appease them, the Empire A higher price is bound to be paid.

  The best way to solve the problem is to prove that we have the strength to win the war, otherwise it will be difficult for them to devote all their efforts." I am

  used to playing the trick of the white wolf with empty gloves, and now I have to Adam was obviously not used to show tangible benefits.

  But the cruel reality is before us. The era of pure deception has passed, and now everyone has become more sophisticated. No matter how big the cake is, it can't satisfy your hunger.

  Even if we can't eat the big cake for the time being, we must at least let everyone smell the fragrance, otherwise they won't be willing to contribute!

  Lord Admiralty Swinding: "According to the intelligence coming back from the front line, this defeat was mainly due to an enemy ambush. The air force and submarines, which we had ignored in the past, have now become the enemy's magic weapons to win by surprise.

  The same tactics were only used for the first time. Effective. As long as we are prepared, the situation will be very different.

  However, we must face up to the role of the air force in naval warfare. I propose to form the Hainan Airlines to specifically deal with the enemy's air force threat."

  The previous content is okay. When I heard "form After the proposal of "Haihang Airlines", Air Force Minister Attilio immediately couldn't sit still.

  If the Navy has Hainan Airlines, then does the Army also need Army Aviation? The Army and Navy both have their own aviation units, so why do we need the Air Force?
  When it comes to the survival space of the Air Force, Attilio must fight hard.

  "No, the Navy and the Air Force are both very specialized services. Focusing on one is the best choice. Taking care of both will only end up making the two different."

  Swindin shook his head: "But your Air Force simply can't afford it now. With such a heavy responsibility, even the safety of London cannot be guaranteed, how can we guarantee the defeat of the enemy's air force?"

  It's not that he wants to seize power, it's really that the performance of the British Air Force is too weak. Since you can't count on it, you can only do it yourself.

  Although the Royal Navy does not have a complete air force, it still has a lot of reconnaissance aircraft, and even a small number of fighters and bombers.

  Expanded a bit, it is an air force. It doesn't require how powerful it is, as long as it can hold back the enemy's air force during naval battles.

  After all, the English Channel is only a short distance away. If the enemy forces a landing, the Royal Navy can only fight within the coverage of the enemy's air force.

  Attilio rolled his eyes disdainfully: "Our air force is not good, how can we just form Hainan Airlines? The

  Holy Roman Empire is the world's largest air force, and its air force is at least twice the size of ours. How can we compete with them without thousands of fighter planes? ?

  Do you have enough pilots, or do you have enough crew members? Do you think that just a few people can be qualified for these jobs? "

  Personnel is a flaw, and this thing is not something that can be obtained just by saying it is available. Although there are many aviation clubs in Britain, they are all very small.

  Even in the 21st century, airplanes are only toys for a few people, let alone now. Except for a very small number of rich people, who can afford to play with them?
  However, these second-generation people who can afford it are all either rich or noble, and they are very rare and willing to go to the battlefield and work hard.

  These rarities have long been captured by the Air Force, and even the crew members have been requisitioned, including pilots and crew members of private airlines. Now they have been forcibly merged by the Air Force.

  Even so, the British Air Force still found it difficult to defend London.

  Seeing that the quarrel was showing signs of escalating, Campbell interrupted: "Stop arguing. At this point, what we need is to work together in the same boat.

  If the Navy wants to establish HNA, it will have to find a way to solve the personnel problem on its own.

  The Ministry of Foreign Affairs tries its best to communicate with allies to see if it can first support a group of pilots, including aircraft production, and can also outsource part of it. "

  It can be seen that Campbell is really tired, and he doesn't even want to say a word now.

  He hasn't had a good night's sleep since the bombing of London. He wanted to have a good night's rest today, but he caught up with this again. Not only the British   government had a sleepless night, but also the European dignitaries who received the news from the Vienna government also had a sleepless night.   Only European countries as neighbors can truly understand the power of the Holy Roman Empire. From the perspective of

  the   British Empire When the bombing of the island began, everyone was full of confidence in the Holy Roman Empire winning the war. However, the turning point of the war came too quickly. You must know that   less than a week after the war broke out, the arrogant British Empire was in trouble , which is really beyond everyone’s expectation. The one   that has been hit the hardest is the Russian Empire. Unlike small European countries where no matter who becomes the boss, it is not their turn. Russia is also one of the contenders for hegemony.   But now it is at a disadvantage and has no power. It competes with Britain and the Holy Ra, but as the third largest empire in the world, the Russian Empire has never given up its ambitions. The   tsarist government, which originally expected to benefit from the competition between the oldest and second largest empire, suddenly discovered that its allies were actually cheating.   The Nanyang Fleet defeated the British-Japanese combined fleet. Something obviously unscientific happened so openly, and it was achieved at a small cost.   Now whether to go south has become a difficult problem that the tsarist government must make a decision at the moment. This is very worrying for Nigeria. Gula II.   Leonid, Minister of the Navy: "The situation has changed too fast. Facts have proved that the British are externally strong but internally incompetent. They have the title of world hegemon but do not have the matching strength.   The Royal Navy may not be as powerful as we think. For the benefit of the empire, the southward strategy must be launched as soon as possible.   When necessary, we can abandon the Far East first. Time is not waiting for me. If we don't take over India as soon as possible and create a fait accompli, if the war has a winner, I'm afraid it won't be our fault. "   It's not surprising that the navy wants to go south. Russia lacks high-quality sea outlets. Although Constantinople is good, it is under the nose of the Holy Roman Empire.   What's more, the Mediterranean has become the inland sea of ​​the Holy Roman Empire, and there is obviously no Russian navy. Opportunities to show off. Even if they reluctantly entered, there would be no benefits for them. The   same is true for the Baltic Sea. Not only does it have a strong Nordic Federation at the door, but it also has to face the two major powers of Shinra and Britain.   Taking a piece of the pie is already the limit. It is simply impossible to achieve regional hegemony.   The only options are the subcontinent and the Far East. The terrain and climate in the remote East are severely restricted, and communication with the mainland is difficult. Even the Siberian Railway cannot change it. In   comparison, The subcontinent is much better. It is not only rich, but also easy to rule. It is the best colony in the world.   Minister of Internal Affairs Vyacheslav: "The eastward strategy has reached this point. We are about to win. We cannot give up easily. .   The strategy of going south seems good now, but in fact it is also full of difficulties. Not to mention that the British are not weak in India, and they cannot get through the hurdle of allies alone.   With so many member states of the Continental League, who wouldn’t want to get a share of the pie? Why should we monopolize it?   Even if we really win, I'm afraid we will have to spit out most of it after the war. The interests that really belong to us may not be as rich as defeating the Japanese.   There is another important factor that we also have to consider. Given the importance of India to Britain, I am afraid that the British government would surrender as soon as we entered India.   Without the British to restrain us, how could we control the Indian region before the Holy Roman Empire? "   The deer in India is too fat, and everyone wants to get a piece of meat. The Russians are drooling, and other members of the Continental League are no exception. If the   Russian Empire really annexes India, it will immediately fall into the spotlight. I don't want to be beaten by society, Sooner or later, you have to spit it out.   Foreign Minister Mikhailovich: "The Marquis is right, we must be cautious about going south.   Even if you really decide to go south, it is best to communicate with the Vienna government first and divide your respective interests in advance.   We alone do not have the strength to swallow up the Indian subcontinent. If you blindly put it in your mouth, you will probably choke. "   ...   (End of this chapter)

