Close
Holy Roman Empire-1171.Chapter 1149 Armistice Negotiations-69 Book Bar
2021-02-12Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1149 Armistice Negotiations
  Currency standard reform is nothing new. The gold standard was only accepted by European countries in the past thirty to fifty years.

  Changes occurred midway. In order to avoid large-scale outflows of gold, countries basically introduced restrictive policies during the reform period.

  The most representative one is the Vienna government's Financial Control Act, which explicitly stipulates: restrict large capital outflows.

  This is also one of the reasons why financial capitalists hate HRE. The circulation of large amounts of capital is restricted and it is impossible to move in and out quickly, which seriously affects the speed at which everyone makes money.

  Britain was a financial hegemon before the war and had a long history of capital surplus, so there was no need to restrict capital outflows.

  Things are different now. As the situation continues to worsen, capitalists with a keen sense of politics are already preparing to run away.

  Anyone with a discerning eye knows that once the Oceanic Alliance collapses, even if Britain can escape unscathed, there will be no future at all.

  Looking around, we see enemies everywhere, so how can we talk about future development?

  Capitalists can take their money and run away, but other vested interests cannot. Without Britain, capitalists can still be capitalists, but aristocrats and bureaucrats have nothing.

  Although the power of capital is powerful, it is not their turn to dominate the British Empire these days.

  We share blessings and share hardships. If the capitalists want to withdraw from the whirlpool, other forces will naturally not agree.

  If we want to die, we must all die together. We cannot just fight to the death on the battlefield and let the capitalists stab us in the back.

  "Reform of the standard system" is the countermeasures taken by everyone. Once capitalists withdraw funds on a large scale, the pound and gold will be completely decoupled.

  Just like the French government did the same at the end of the European War. While abandoning the gold standard, the free convertibility of the franc into gold was also stopped.

  In the era of the gold standard, currency that cannot be freely exchanged is worthless and is not recognized by the international capital market, so it becomes waste paper when taken out.

  There was no reserve limit. In order to raise funds, the French government printed money unscrupulously, and inflation quickly swept the country.

  In order to preserve their wealth, capitalists holding large amounts of francs had to purchase assets.

  After the defeat of the war, the capitalists who held a large amount of assets were successfully trapped in France and their vitality was severely damaged. Some of the unlucky ones were tried as war criminals.

  The ability, which was originally at an economic disadvantage, gradually gained the upper hand in the subsequent struggle and returned to the era of aristocracy and bureaucracy.

  There are ready-made examples there, and the British government naturally wants to use them to scare domestic capitalists.

  There is no problem in running away, but it is impossible to withdraw money. Either spend money to buy national bonds and blood transfusions for this war; or overturn the table and crash the market and everyone is finished.

  No, to be precise, it's just the big capitalists and consortia that are going to die. Other interest groups will only suffer heavy losses, but it is not necessarily fatal.

  If anyone pays attention, they will find that the correspondence between the great British nobles and their European relatives has become more frequent in recent times.

  It's hard to say whether this is a normal interaction between relatives, or whether they are looking for someone to bridge the gap and prepare a way out.

  After all, the Holy Roman Empire was the stronghold of conservative forces and was very stubborn in maintaining its fine traditions.

  Just look at France after the war. Except for a few short-sighted nobles who were sent to military courts, the rest were lightly let off.

  With such ready-made cases, it is not surprising that everyone is active. After all, if the ship is sinking, the people on board must find a way to survive.

  The specific manifestation is that the British Isles' calls for negotiations are getting stronger and stronger, and more and more people are asking the London government to end the war.

  As for how to end the war, that is a matter for the government. Anyway, "anti-war" is correct now.

  ...

  In Buckingham Palace, a flustered King Edward VII was holding an encrypted telegram that had been crumpled into a ball and then reopened.

  Compared with the content of the telegram, what needs to be kept confidential is the address of the power generation - the Palace of Vienna.

  As the two major royal families in the European monarchy world, the Gotha family and the Habsburg family naturally have marriages, and more than once.

  Franz and Edward VII were still legitimate sons and daughters. However, in the European world, it has always been "relatives remain relatives, and wars remain wars."

  The First World War in the original time and space was a big melee between relatives, and this time was no exception.

  It's just that Edward VII is a little bit tragic. This European uncle, unfortunately, is on the opposite side of all his relatives, and is now being beaten by everyone.

  In the early days of the war, Edward VII took the initiative to reduce contact with relatives in order to avoid suspicion.

  It is a pity that the development of the situation is very embarrassing, and it is almost over. For the future of the British Empire, and in order to keep their own throne, they now have to restore contact.

  Different from the one-stop response in the original time and space, due to the influence of the butterfly effect, the central figure in the European royal family has now become Franz, not his European uncle.

  Judging from the reaction of Edward VII, we know that the "in-laws" of the Vienna Palace did not give him face.

  After calming down, Edward VII was quickly relieved. When it comes to national interests, it won't work on anyone.

  The war has progressed to this point, and it can no longer be stopped just by saying stop.

  The British people's anti-war voices are rising, mainly due to the impact of bombing and material shortages. Everyone's life is almost unbearable.

  But the Holy Roman Empire is different. Now from top to bottom, they want to bring down the British Empire and become the world hegemon, drinking and eating meat.

  Now that Britain wants to negotiate an armistice, the conditions must be harsh. Just as the three points required in the telegram:
  1. Transfer all colonies;

  2. Independence for Ireland, Scotland, and Wales;

  3. Compensation for the losses of the participating countries in the Continental League.

  Except for the third article on compensation for losses, which does not have a specific figure and leaves room for negotiation, the first two are rigid regulations. If you are satisfied, then negotiate. If you are not satisfied, there is no need to negotiate.

  If Edward VII dared to agree to such conditions, Buckingham Palace would change its owner within three days.

  Although he knew the ending was not ideal, George who was approaching couldn't help but asked: "Father, what does the telegram say?"

  "Read it for yourself!"

  Edward VII said as he handed over the telegram. It can be seen that he is in a very low mood now and does not even want to say anything more.

  "This is impossible! This is simply too much bullying, and the great British Empire will never tolerate it..."

  Before his son could finish expressing his feelings, Edward VII interrupted: "Don't say these useless things, they have no meaning.

  Franz dared to be so tough, not because our performance on the battlefield was not good, which made him think that the Holy Roman Empire was guaranteed to win.

  The war broke out for more than half a year, and the empire was defeated all the way. It had never won a major battle.

  Now all the countries in the world They joined the Continental Alliance one after another, and the enemy's strength continued to grow like a snowball. I will do the same if I change positions."

  Calmness is the greatest advantage of Edward VII. Even if the situation is so unfavorable, he can still think rationally and have no blame. .

  George: "But we..."

  "There is no but! In this age of the jungle, weakness is the biggest original sin.

  In the past, when Britain was strong, it treated other countries in this way, and even behaved more aggressively.

  Now that Britain is weak, in the We have fallen behind in the international competition, and now it is our turn to be unlucky.

  Unless we can make a comeback in the next war, the final armistice agreement will only be worse than this."

  King Edward VII said seriously.

  After hearing his father's explanation, George's brows tightened: "I'm afraid the people will not be able to accept this armistice treaty, and the royal family..."

  Perhaps because of tradition, Queen Victoria disliked Edward, thinking that he was too vain to be the king.

  Now Edward disliked his son, and was even more desperate about George's political responsiveness.

  Fortunately, Edward VII was not a time traveler. Otherwise, knowing George's miraculous maneuver in giving up monarchical power in history, he would have had to find a way to change his heir.

  "Accept the armistice"?
  Are you kidding? How can the royal family do such a thing?

  As the whole nation can testify, from the outbreak of the war His Majesty the Honorable Edward VII fell ill, and all government affairs were entrusted to the Cabinet Government.

  Anyone with a little bit of political acumen knows that what is entrusted is not only power, but also responsibility.

  From beginning to end, Edward VII took no part in the war. Even if he wants to cause trouble, he will be given permission to do so.

  Since they are not involved, no matter how serious the consequences are, the royal family is not involved, and all responsibilities lie with the cabinet government.

  Now contacting the Habsburg dynasty is nothing more than an added layer of insurance to ensure that the royal family will not be liquidated after the defeat.

  ...

  The capitalists want to escape, the royal family and the nobles are busy preparing for a retreat, and the London government, which is dancing on the egg, has once again received bad news.

  On October 2, 1905, the four-month-long Battle of Indochina came to an end. Britain once again suffered a disastrous defeat. The Continental Allied Forces swept all the way to Burma, and their troops were directed towards India.

  Before there was time to grieve, on October 7, 1905, the Suez Canal, which had been blocked for nearly a year, was restored to navigation.

  The combined fleet can freely move eastward, and the biggest problem restricting the mainland coalition's attack on India - logistics, can be solved through sea routes.

  The fact that the Combined Fleet dares to divide its forces does not mean that the Royal Navy can also divide its forces. You must know that taking the inner Mediterranean sea route is not even a bit closer than the Royal Navy that takes the detour.

  Once the royal forces are divided, there is a 100% chance that the combined fleet will take advantage of the time difference to catch them off guard and endanger the security of the homeland.

  However, without division of troops and reinforcements, the connection between India and the mainland was cut off, and India could only fight alone.

  Think about the Indian colonial army vs. the European allied forces, how miserable that scene was. Without India, would the British Empire still have an "empire"?

  The question before the British government is: "India" or "native". There is no doubt that this is a proposition.

  Before the British government could make a choice, the countries in the Ocean Alliance, which were still hesitating, made an instant decision - to get off the ship at all costs.

  Even Japan and the United States, which had not yet negotiated terms, immediately cut off from the British in order to minimize the fact that they were hostile to the Continental Alliance.

  Everyone has changed jobs, and John Bull, who is alone, can't continue to fight. If you don't negotiate while you still have some capital, put it off until later...

  (End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1172.Happy New Year-69 Book Bar
2021-02-11 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Happy New Year!
  It's New Year's Eve, and tomorrow is the Spring Festival. Haiyue wishes everyone a happy New Year!

  I wish all readers good health, family happiness, and all the best!

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1173. Chapter 1150 Let Indians Defend India-69 Book Bar
2021-02-13 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1150 Let Indians Defend India
  It has always been easier to start a war than to end it. This time is no exception. As the disadvantaged party, Britain will have to pay a price if it wants to withdraw from this war.

  The bombings in recent days have indeed lowered the expectations of the British people, but no matter how low the expectations are, it is impossible to sacrifice even the homeland.

  Not to mention making Ireland, Scotland, and Wales independent, even the British government in India does not want them to be independent.

  Regardless of whether they want to go back or not, the moral integrity of politicians has always been very low, and they can still compromise when necessary.

  Now the situation in India has deteriorated. Faced with the siege of millions of coalition troops, it is only a matter of time before it falls.

  It is destined to be impossible to keep, so there is a possibility of compromise. Of course, this is only possible. The arrogant John Bull will not bow his head until the last moment.

  In order to force the British to surrender as soon as possible, Franz ordered the United Fleet to sail eastward from the Indian Ocean on October 17, 1905, and launched a full-scale war in India.

  ...

  London
  India Minister Hill: "Since August this year, the enemy has launched fierce attacks on India from the east and northwest. The situation is very critical.

  On the northwest battlefield, the enemy has occupied Fort ***, and most of Pakistan has been occupied. ; The enemies on the eastern front have occupied Myanmar and are now marching towards the Bay of Bengal.

  The colonial government has tried every means, even promising the Indians that they will be independent after the war in exchange for the support of the locals

  . However, in the face of the enemy's ferocious attack, It still seems very weak. Especially since the enemy navy has moved eastward, and it will not be long before a third front is opened from the sea.

  According to the current development of the situation, without reinforcements, we can only abandon the rich Indus and Ganges plains and retreat. Go to the Malwa Plateau and hold on."

  The Indus Plain and the Ganges Plain are the essence of India. What is the difference between giving up these areas and giving up India?
  Sticking to the plateau is even more of a joke. No matter how solid Britain's foundation is in India, the colonists will still be colonizers.

  When you are strong, you can naturally command the heroes; once you show signs of decadence, chaos will spread in an instant.

  In fact, India is no longer peaceful now. If the British Empire hadn't been accumulating power for a long time and Governor Robert had a tough hand, it would have been in chaos.

  However, no matter how high the prestige is, it cannot withstand the loss of defeat. As long as it loses a few more times, the situation will collapse immediately.

  Admiralty Swinding: "It is impossible to send reinforcements! The Suez Canal is in the hands of the enemy, and the Cape of Good Hope has fallen. If we want to go to India, we must make a big circle, and time simply does not allow it."

  The reality is so cruel, also rushing to the Indian Ocean, the Royal Navy needs to travel thousands of nautical miles more than the coalition forces.

  If they are really led by the enemy, I am afraid that as soon as they arrive in India, the enemy will turn around and come back to attack the British Isles.

  Without the Royal Navy to stop it, Britain would have been impossible to prevent the enemy from landing. Once the British Isles fall, they will really lose their pants.

  In essence, if you lose India, you will lose your money, your empire, and your future; if you lose your homeland, you will lose your life.

  "It is indeed unrealistic to reinforce India. The situation has developed to this point. Britain is already an enemy of the whole world. What we can do now is to reduce losses for the empire.

  For the sake of great Britain, we cannot give up anything until the last moment. A glimmer of hope.

  Even if India cannot defend it, we cannot take advantage of the enemy. Didn't Governor Robert promise to give India independence? Then let the Indians take up arms to defend their own country!" It

  can be seen that Adam is an occupational disease criminal. . As the Foreign Secretary of the British Empire, Adam is also best at being a "shit stirrup".

  Being able to pull together the Ocean Alliance when everyone in Europe is an enemy is enough to prove his ability. Even if the alliance eventually collapses, it will not be a matter of diplomacy.

  Although his own strength is weak, diplomacy alone cannot reverse Britain's decadence, but Adam is still professional in using diplomatic means to cause trouble for the enemy.

  "You are crazy!"

  "Once India is independent, we will completely lose the subcontinent, and the British Empire will sink!"

  Asquith, the finance minister, roared.

  "The Jewel in the Queen's Crown" is not a name for nothing. India will contribute hundreds of millions of pounds of wealth to the British Empire every year. Without this income, Britain would be an ordinary great power.

  Foreign Secretary Adam: "Calm down, Your Excellency, no one is saying to give up India. It's just that we can't save the subcontinent by relying on our own strength. Only by

  making the enemy realize that India not only has a "cream cake", but also a hedgehog, can we Dispel the prying eyes of the hungry wolves.

  India is in the hands of the Indians, and we still have a chance to get it back. But once it falls into the hands of the enemy, there will be no hope.

  The top priority is that we still have to find a way to survive the current disaster. . History has proven that no alliance can be sustained for a long time.

  At present, the enemy is in full swing, and we are unable to fight against it. This requires temporary dormancy, waiting for the enemy to split.

  If the empire can survive this disaster, we will naturally be able to in the future. Back to India..."

  Perhaps he was in a state of speaking. Adam became more and more enthusiastic as he spoke, as if he was intoxicated.

  Everyone's tacit understanding has not been revealed. People always need hope. No one wants to be a loser, and everyone present is no exception.

  Now betrayed by its allies, Britain was unable to win the war. They are about to become losers, so naturally everyone is not willing to accept it.

  Regardless of Adam's plan, no matter how low the probability of success is, it is still better than no plan at all.

  He did not join the war of words surrounding India. After everyone had finished discussing, Prime Minister Campbell said something coldly.

  "Restart negotiations!"

  ...

  Another winter has arrived, and St. Petersburg has been approved for silver. Compared with before the war, Nicholas II seemed ten years older at this moment.

  As the war progresses, if the British Empire will be the biggest loser, then the Russian Empire is the second biggest loser.

  The Russian-Austrian alliance, which has lasted for nearly a hundred years, has finally come to a corner. Having essentially become a world hegemon, the Vienna government finally couldn't bear it anymore and took advantage of its allies.

  Just a restriction on material supply, the Russian Empire, which was already in chaos, was on the verge of collapse.

  You must know that this restriction was not done by the Holy Roman Empire alone. Almost all member states of the Continental League participated.

  After all, the Vienna government still wanted to lose face. Even if it restricted the supply of materials to Russia, it only reduced the input of materials, but did not completely cut off the supply. It even helped the tsarist government to maintain the army on the front line.

  Other allies are not so generous.

  The price gouging is quite gentle. Banning the export of strategic materials to Russia is just a routine operation. The most ruthless one not only bans it himself, but also seizes the materials imported to Russia passing through the country.

  It's euphemistically called "temporary requisition". Everyone is an ally and it doesn't matter if they borrow some supplies. They are all for the needs of the war and will definitely be returned after the war.

  "Return after the war" sounds like a joke. The war is over, why do we still need strategic supplies?

  Faced with such shameless behavior by his allies, Nicholas II was so angry that he gritted his teeth.

  If something like this had happened at the peak of the Russian Empire, there would have been revenge without even thinking about it.

  Unfortunately, this is not the time of the Russian Empire. Faced with this shameless behavior of his allies, which was almost provocative, Nicholas II could only choose to temporarily forgive.

  Revenge is all you need to think about in secret. The Russian Empire, which was in turmoil, did not have the ability to retaliate against European countries.

  Not to mention withholding supplies, Nicholas II chose to pretend to be confused even when retired officers from the allies appeared among the rebels.

  It doesn't matter if you are not confused. If you are too clear-headed, you may not be facing "retired officers" from your allies, but "active soldiers".

  "What do the Austrians say? With so many things happening, don't you need to give us an explanation?" To capture

  the thief and capture the king, anyone with a discerning eye will know at a glance that if any country dares to cheat the Russian Empire unscrupulously, it must have obtained the support of the Holy Roman Empire behind it. Acquiesce, even support.

  Nicholas II had no confidence and directly sought justice from the Holy Roman Empire.

  The supply of supplies has not been completely cut off, which proves that the Vienna government only wants to take the opportunity to weaken the Russian Empire, rather than kill it.

  Allies are there to cheat, and the Tsarist government also did a lot to cheat teammates. Thinking back to when the Vienna government wanted to unify the German region, the Tsarist government also made small moves.

  Now the tide has turned, and the troublemaker has become the Holy Roman Empire, and it is the Tsarist government's turn to suffer.

  Foreign Minister Mihajlovic replied helplessly: "The explanation given by the Vienna government is that it is under investigation.

  At the same time, it is recommended that we reflect on our past actions and repair relations with the allies to avoid unnecessary trouble."

  "Warning", naked "warning".

  At this moment, the little brother who followed the Russian Empire no longer existed, and was replaced by the resurgent world hegemon.

  Since he is the overlord, his domineering attitude cannot be avoided. Nicholas II was unlucky and happened to catch up with this "special period".

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1174. Chapter 1151 The Russo-Japanese War that hurt both sides-69 Book Bar
2021-02-14Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1151 The Russo-Japanese War, which hurt both sides.

  "Hmph!"

  "The Austrians are convinced that we don't dare..."

  When the words came to his lips, Nicholas II swallowed them back. There is no way, the current tsarist government really does not dare to tear up the alliance.

  With the covenant and the constraints, the Vienna government would at best make small moves secretly, and would not target the Russian Empire openly.

  Once there is no alliance, it will not only limit the supply of strategic materials, but also openly support the independence movement.

  "Dismembering the Russian Empire" is a common dream of European politicians, and Vienna is no exception.

  The domestic rebels are already troublesome enough, but if there is another world hegemon on the side, the ensuing situation will be even more difficult to deal with.

  Nicholas II's strategic vision was not very good, but he was still familiar with the rules of the political game and knew how to use the rules to the best advantage of the Russian Empire.

  "That's all, since the Austrians have shied away, these foreign affairs will be put on hold for the time being. Once we calm down, we will find an opportunity to settle accounts with them.

  As allies, we ask them for help, and the Vienna government won't fail to express it, right?"

  I couldn't bear it, Mao said. Although bears are used to being "reckless", it doesn't mean they can't be "tolerant".

  There are so many countries plotting against Russia at the moment, and it is obvious that the Tsarist government has caused public outrage. Even if the Vienna government is willing to support them, it can't actually do anything.

  For the Vienna government, Russia is an ally. European countries are also allies. Since it is an internal fight between allies, it can only be reconciled.

  Nicholas II had no illusions about what the Vienna government could do to other countries. He mainly hoped that countries would lift the "embargo" of materials.

  If the goal has not been achieved now, then the next best thing is to seek help directly from the Vienna government.

  Allies have an obligation to help each other. Although it is a bit embarrassing to ask Shinra to send troops to suppress the rebellion, face is really nothing compared to stabilizing the situation as quickly as possible.

  Foreign Minister Mikhailovich: "The Vienna government agreed to provide us with weapons assistance of 30,000 rifles, 1,000 machine guns, 500 artillery pieces, and 100 tanks.

  As for the request to send troops to suppress the rebellion, they said: No They refused on the grounds of interfering in the internal affairs of allies.

  However, they promised to ensure the logistical supply of our troops on the Indian frontline. Once the world war is over, material exports will be resumed immediately."

  There was a lot of weapons assistance, but ammunition was missing. With only weapons and equipment but not enough ammunition, in the hands of the soldiers, they are just fire sticks.

  If you were a little more unscrupulous, extending the delivery time just a little bit, or making a fuss about the delivery location, you might not even be able to get the fire stick.

  For example: provided to the Russian army on the Indian front line.

  "Non-interference in internal affairs" sounds good and reflects the Vienna government's respect for the sovereignty of its allies. The question is, since we don't interfere in internal affairs, why do we still provide weapons and equipment?

  The most embarrassing thing is that as the central government, the Vienna government actually fails to control the subordinates below. The main force supporting the Polish independence movement this time was the Kingdom of Prussia.

  In fact, this is not the first time Prussia has done this. Since Prussia returned to the Holy Roman Empire, it has become more confident.

  From the beginning, it secretly interacted with the Polish independence organization. In the later stage, it developed to take in the "remnants of the Polish United Kingdom" openly and openly.

  In the current Polish rebels, all middle- and upper-level officers have served in the Prussian army, and more than half of the lower-level officers are from the Prussian army.

  The current melee in Warsaw is not so much the Poles fighting for independence as it is a continuation of the Prussian-Russian War.

  If there was no acquiescence from the Vienna government behind this, why would the Kingdom of Prussia dare to play such a big role?

  If Popovich has historical origins, then Berlin's support for the Polish independence movement is barely justified; but what does it mean to support the Lithuanian independence movement?

  Spending money, people, and efforts all come at a cost. It's not that everyone looks down on the Kingdom of Prussia. With the financial background of the Berlin government, it really can't afford such a big deal.

  It is not only the Kingdom of Prussia that is causing trouble, but also Sweden that supports the Finnish independence movement, Greece that supports the Bulgarian independence movement, and

  those that support the Ukrainian independence movement... One after another, all of them point to the Vienna government. With the current international situation, there is no other country besides the Holy Roman Empire that can mobilize all countries to attack the Russian Empire.

  Even though he knew who was behind the scenes, Nicholas II asked for help from the Vienna government, which was essentially sending a political signal: We can't afford to play anymore, admit that you are the world's boss, and stop tormenting your younger brother.

  However, politics is not a game, and bowing your head and admitting defeat does not mean the end. The response given by the Vienna government was not satisfactory to the Tsarist government.

  This world war is the last time to carve up the world. Unless the Holy Roman Empire falls, there will never be a second time.

  After the world war ended, exports of strategic materials to Russia were resumed, which almost made it clear that the carving up of the world this time had nothing to do with the Russian Empire.

  This was a disaster for the tsarist government. For this world war, the Russian Empire also spent a lot of money.

  Even if a civil war broke out, the Russian troops from the front were not withdrawn. Of course, the troops who wanted to withdraw from the front line could not do so.

  No matter what, there are always millions of Russian troops fighting bloody battles in this war and making outstanding contributions to this world war.

  But dividing the spoils depends not only on contribution, but also on strength. The Russian Empire, which was in the middle of a civil war, naturally had no ability to compete with other countries for the spoils of war.

  How much benefit can be shared in the end depends entirely on the integrity of the Vienna government. You don't need to think about it to know that even if you can get a share of the spoils, I'm afraid it's just some leftovers.

  But Nicholas II cannot refuse now, otherwise the Russian Empire will be even more painful in the coming days.

  There is only so much loot in total. If there are fewer people to share it, each family will get an extra share. In particular, the absence of the giant Russian Empire is even more beneficial to all countries.

  The Vienna government has made it clear that it has given up on India, and now all European countries are left to fight among themselves. As long as the Russians are kicked out, everyone will be able to eat.

  In the past, everyone would never dare to offend the Russian Empire, but now the interests involved are too great, big enough to make all countries crazy.

  Coupled with vague hints from the Vienna government, it further stimulated the ambitions of various countries. If the tsarist government does not agree now, everyone will dare to hunt bears.

  ...

  Political confrontations are ultimately determined by strength.

  Since the main force of the Russian army was dragged on the front line, and the troops used to suppress the domestic rebellion were all newly formed troops, the rabble faced the rabble, and the two sides were matched against each other, so the counterinsurgency battle naturally did not go smoothly.

  The Russian army in the Indian battlefield was okay. They were fighting with the Allies, and the Vienna government was not starving.

  The Russian army in the Far East was in misery. As the French laborers launched a rebellion in Siberia, the supplies hoarded by the tsarist government along the way became supplies for the rebels.

  Without domestic material support, the Russian army in the Far East could only rely on smuggling to obtain supplies.

  Although the smugglers in the Far East are very powerful, the Far East Empire itself is an agricultural country.

  Basic supplies such as food, cloth, tents, and cotton-padded clothes can be purchased as long as you have money. Special supplies such as medicine, weapons and ammunition, and aircraft spare parts are troublesome.

  Especially after various countries implemented blockade policies against Russia, major arms dealers disappeared one after another, directly cutting off the Russian army's way of obtaining large quantities of weapons and ammunition through smuggling.

  Bullets are missing every time, so the Russian army has to save some. Aircraft and airships are even worse. The spare parts of fighter planes these days have a short lifespan, and they usually need to be replaced after flying a few times.

  Due to the lack of sufficient spare parts reserves, the Russian Air Force in the Far East was forced to reduce the number of missions. After struggling for a period of time, it finally fell to the ground.

  Even though the Russian army is still heroic, due to logistical constraints, flesh and blood bodies are still unable to serve as machine guns and artillery.

  After paying a heavy price of 80,000 casualties, the Japanese army captured Vladivostok on October 24, 1905. After running out of ammunition, nearly 50,000 Russian defenders were forced to lay down their weapons and surrender.

  A month before that, the brigade...fortress had fallen. Although the Japanese army paid a heavy price,

  the situation in the Far East was completely reversed.

  In the past year, the Tsarist government has lost more than 500,000 troops in the Far East, and now the remaining Russian troops are less than 200,000.

  Even if the Siberian Railway is immediately open to traffic, the Russian army, which has lost a large number of troops and many strategic locations, will still be unable to recover.

  ...

  The Russo-Japanese War was victorious, and everyone in the Japanese government still looked solemn.

  In the past days, they only wanted to inflict heavy damage on the Russian army in the Far East and fulfill their agreement with the Vienna government. They did not care about the casualties of soldiers at all.

  Now that the war is over and the losses are being counted, everyone is shocked by the astonishing number of casualties.

  As the victor of the war, Japan's casualties were somewhat greater than those of the Russian army, with as many as 380,000 soldiers killed and 760,000 injured.

  (Note: Injured personnel can participate in the battle again after recovery, there is double counting)

  There is no way, who makes them the attacking party?

  Although in the later stages, the Russian army lacked weapons and ammunition, they did not lack food! There is no point in delaying time, the only option is to take a strong attack.

  The tragedy is that after the Battle of Malacca, Japan's trade lines with Europe were directly interrupted, and weapons and ammunition were all produced locally.

  Ordinary guns and guns can still be barely supplied, while cutting-edge aircraft and tanks have become consumables.

  Due to the lack of sufficient heavy firepower, the Japanese army often had no choice but to kill people. But now the spirit of Bushido is rampant, and the mainstream in the military is to fight hard, and when fighting a war, you don't have to use your brain.

  Although you are brave when fighting, the price you pay is also staggering. No one paid attention during the fight, but when the final inventory was taken, everyone couldn't help but be moved.

  Just based on the casualty figures on paper, everyone can be sure that the Japanese Empire lost miserably this time. It is true that they defeated the Russians, but compared with the price paid, the gains outweighed the gains.

  The navy is crippled, the army is crippled, rats can starve to death in the treasury, and the whole country is full of "white sails", but the final harvest is three cold words - "a defeated country."

  Completing the agreement does not mean that the matter is understood. To end the war, Japan still needs to pay more.

  What's more, the agreement with the Vienna government was only made through hints. No written document was signed with them, not even a specific commitment.

  The final outcome depends entirely on the integrity of the Vienna government. If Japan and Russia had not formed a deadly feud and there was no room for relaxation, the Japanese government would not have been able to do it.

  Even the mature and steady Ito Hirobumi is no longer as calm as before. Even though I am used to seeing strong winds and waves, I have never seen such huge waves that could capsize Japan.

  The key to the problem is "heavy losses". The Japanese Empire is at its weakest moment and has no capital to negotiate treatment.

  Now Ito Hirobumi does not dare to bet that the enemy will not bother to go on an expedition, because to deal with Japan now, there is no need for any expedition at all.

  As long as warships are sent to lock the coastline, Japan, as an island country, will immediately be in trouble.

  "Relax, gentlemen. There is an old saying in the Far Eastern Empire next door: A blessing in disguise is a blessing in disguise. It is very suitable to describe us now. The

  Ocean Alliance has collapsed. As a loser in the war, the empire must pay a heavy price for this. Otherwise, we will win. The country will feel uncomfortable, and now the empire has paid its dues. The

  Continental Alliance is not monolithic, and it is no secret that European countries united to suppress the Russians.

  We happened to do what they wanted to do, but it was not convenient to do it directly. Countries thank us It's too late, so how can you deliberately make things difficult?"

  Hirofumi Ito explained calmly.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1175. Chapter 1152 Surrender? -69 Book Bar
2021-02-15Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1152 Surrender?
  Theory is theory, reality is reality. It seems that the agreement has been fulfilled and the crisis has been passed, but everyone is still unsure.

  Verbal promises are inherently illusory, especially promises that have no specific content and are ambiguous, which is even less guaranteed.

  Aritomo Yamagata: "Ito-kun, the Vienna government still has not agreed to our withdrawal from the war. Now it is only a temporary armistice, not even formal negotiations. You

  must know that Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and other countries have signed armistice agreements with the Continental League. Although The price to be paid has not yet been determined, but the countries have indeed withdrawn from this war.

  The only ones still at war with the Continental Alliance are the British Empire, the United States of America, and our three countries.

  The dust has not yet settled, and no one knows about Vienna What does the government think? What if they turn their backs and deny the people?"

  This worry is not unnecessary. Although the credibility of the Vienna government is very good, the Japanese government has not reached any substantive agreement with them.

  Including attacking the Russians, the Vienna government only hinted at asking the Japanese government to "show sincerity" without saying it clearly.

  Whether it counts as "sincerity" depends entirely on the mood of the Vienna government. If the Vienna government turns its back, the Japanese government will have nothing to do.

  Ito Hirobumi: "Yamagata-kun, things are not that bad. The British Empire has fallen, and the Holy Roman Empire is full. With

  so many colonies, it always takes time to digest them. According to intelligence from Europe, the Vienna government even plans to abandon India.

  Given the absolute advantage, abandoning India, the richest country, is definitely not just to win over allies, but more likely to serve as a strategic core.

  As a colonial empire, the colonial policy adopted by the Vienna government is undoubtedly more long-term. The development of colonies is also mostly a matter of strategic importance. Choose areas with relatively small populations and rich resources, and rarely touch densely populated areas.

  Facts have proved that this strategy is indeed very successful. Not only did it avoid competing with the great powers in the early stages of colonization, but in the process of colonial management, HRE's Colonies are also the least problematic.

  There are successful cases. Just copy the same routine, and there is no need to change it. Not

  only are we densely populated, economically backward, and resource-scarce, we also have volcanoes erupting from time to time, and we have no strategic value. It's not worth the prying eyes of the Vienna government.

  In this context, as long as we don't commit suicide, there won't be any big problems." It's

  sad to think about it. "Economic backwardness, lack of resources, and frequent volcanoes" have all become advantages. .

  But in the face of survival, all this is not worth mentioning. Like a "sea spider", as long as I have no value, I am not afraid of being watched.

  The main reason why we can accept the reality calmly is that Japan has suffered enough blows since the Meiji Restoration.

  It's okay to be ravaged by foreign powers on a daily basis. Small problems are not worth getting angry about. As long as it doesn't involve core interests, you can tolerate it.

  What hurt confidence the most was the strategic obstruction. First, he went south to invade the Philippines, but was driven back by the big powers. Finally, he mustered up the courage to launch a war with Russia, and then caught up with a world war.

  The camps of the great powers were divided, and Japan, which passively took sides, unfortunately fell in love with the wrong leader and ruined the naval fortune it had worked so hard to accumulate.

  Watching the Oceanic Alliance collapse, but unable to do anything, the Japanese government's expectations naturally dropped again and again.

  Even extreme nationalists are not as arrogant as before. "Conquer East Asia and dominate the world", it's better to go to sleep, everything will be realized while you are asleep.

  Faced with the current complicated situation, the Japanese government discussed and discussed, and finally came up with the most helpless strategy-pretending to be a grandson.

  ...

  The Japanese government's decision has been ignored, and now the world's attention is focused on the British Isles.

  Negotiations are negotiations, but the war will continue. The two gangsters are both kings of international politics, and there is no way they can stall for time through negotiations.

  Until one side is defeated or an armistice is reached, the Continental Alliance's attack on Britain will only intensify and not weaken.

  Different from the early days of the war, when various countries were dragged to the battlefield by the Vienna government, now the situation is clear and everyone is rushing to fight.

  The most eye-catching thing is the Indian battlefield, where the situation changes day by day. The British colonial government was unable to defend India, not to mention the even worse Congress Party.

  Those who don’t know it think it is an independent Indian organization. In fact, the founders of the Congress Party are retired British Indian officials, and their current political ideas are limited to the implementation of a representative system.

  The fight for independence happened after World War II, but now it is still a good baby, closely uniting with the British colonial government of India to maintain the colonial rule of the British Empire.

  Even if India became independent after World War II, it was forced by the international situation. The declining Britain could not defeat the United States and the Soviet Union and was forced to compromise.

  The role played by the Congress Party is to protest, demonstrate, communicate, compromise, and then take over power. The most famous resistance movement that broke out was the "non-violent disobedience movement" led by Gandhi.

  Without the cooperation of international public opinion, the "non-violent non-cooperation movement" would be a joke.

  Now the Continental League represents the international community, and more than 80% of the countries in the world are part of the League. It is self-evident who international public opinion will support.

  Chaos is chaos. As the attacking party, the Continental Allied Forces have never expected the Indians to cooperate.

  At this time, the "non-violent non-cooperation movement" and "hunger strike movement" are being carried out. It is estimated that the top leaders of the alliance may not necessarily know what is going on, let alone compromise.

  Anyway, India has a large enough population, and a loss of 1,000 or 8 million people is just a drop in the bucket, and it doesn’t make any sense at all.

  "Resisting with force" is really embarrassing. If we had been allowed to be independent earlier, we might have been able to fight the coalition forces.

  Now, as soon as independence was announced, the coalition forces came to kill them. How could this make the new Indian government embarrassed?
  You must know that they have not even completed the transfer of power, let alone organized effective resistance. In addition to having an independent name, it was the colonial army that resisted.

  If it were a country with strong nationalism, it might be able to burst out with amazing potential under the stimulation of independence.

  Unfortunately, India obviously does not have such conditions. If nationalism had been strong, Britain would not have been able to colonize India.

  Unless we can emancipate our minds and break the caste system, the people's submissive nature will make it impossible to organize effective resistance.

  London's decision-making based on past experience not only failed to inspire Indians' sense of resistance, but instead brought greater chaos to India.

  Without the restraint of British bureaucrats, the Congress Party, which had just taken over some power, was obviously not up to the task of unifying the country.

  If it were in peaceful times, it would have been enough to slowly adapt and grow. However, the current situation is obviously not suitable. The result of hasty intervention is that local power has fallen into the hands of Brahmins and Kshatriyas.

  This is not over yet. Thanks to Britain's continuous digging of holes in India in the past, it deliberately created a large number of racial and religious conflicts, which made the nascent Indian government even worse.

  Under the combined effect of this series of factors, the situation in India has naturally plummeted. If nothing else happens, India will change hands before Christmas.

  There would be no British Empire without India. This is the consensus of the whole world. Seeing the fall of India, the war faction in the British Isles completely burned out.

  India is gone, where next?
  The Holy Roman Empire has taken shape, and countries around the world are vying to serve as its wings. Whether it is attacking Australia, New Zealand, or seizing Canada, it is not difficult.

  Without overseas colonies, everyone is not sure how long the British Isles can hold on.

  In this cruel world, there are few people who help people when they need it, and there are many people who add insult to injury. But Britain likes to cause trouble everywhere, and its enemies are everywhere.

  As the war became increasingly clear, countries around the world drew clear lines with Britain and joined the blockade.

  The only way to obtain supplies is black market smuggling. Even this only channel is not smooth.

  It’s not that the capitalists are weak, it’s that the risks involved are too great. All governments have been severely warned by the Continental League that doing business with the British at this time will be regarded as British allies.

  In order to avoid suspicion, all countries have to exert all their efforts to suppress smuggling, so as not to be affected.

  Overseas trade lines were cut off. If there were no more supplies from the colonies, what would Britain use to fight the war?

  Putting aside everything else, food alone is a big problem. With today's productivity, the food produced in the British Isles simply cannot feed the 40 million people on the islands.

  An iron will cannot overcome hunger. Once the food reserves were exhausted, the British Empire collapsed.

  Interior Minister Azevedo: "As early as three months ago, we implemented a material rationing system, but compared with the current difficulties we are facing, it is still a drop in the bucket. The

  war has lasted for almost a year, and the domestic reserve materials are depleted. Very fast. Especially food, which can last for another two months at most.

  If there is no replenishment of supplies, we will be sad this Christmas.

  Public opinion is also very unfavorable to us. The anti-war wave has resounded throughout the British Isles, and now it is It’s time to think about ending the war.”

  “Ending the war” is not the first time someone has mentioned it. As early as half a year ago, some people called for an end to this wrongful war.

  At that time, the London government and the Vienna government had a secret meeting. Unfortunately, the two parties were too divided. The Vienna government not only wanted hegemony, but also asked Britain to give up one-third of its colonies, which ultimately ended in vain.

  Two months ago, the situation collapsed, anti-war voices rose, and the two sides once again held secret talks.

  Britain was able to accept the armistice conditions proposed by the Vienna government last time, but unfortunately the Vienna government's appetite has grown.

  Not only limited to the colonies, but also the idea of ​​splitting up the British Isles. Of course, there is still room for negotiation here.

  However, when it came to the mainland, the British government simply did not dare to agree. If they really accept the conditions of the Vienna government and break up the British Isles, I am afraid that the angry people can launch a revolution.

  Now that the situation has completely collapsed, if we restart negotiations, it will no longer be considered a negotiation. Britain's capital has been lost, and the strength of both sides is completely unbalanced.

  Foreign Secretary Adam shrugged: "Your Excellency, when will the war end? The initiative is no longer in the hands of the empire. We want to end the war immediately unless we surrender."

  "Surrender" is a word that is both familiar and unfamiliar. It is not that Britain has never experienced defeat, nor has it ever surrendered to its enemies.

  Only in the past hundred years has Britain ascended to the throne of world hegemony. Even if they lose on the battlefield, it is nothing more than a truce to stop losses, and it definitely does not go as far as surrendering to the enemy.

  This time is different. Britain has lost the capital to continue fighting. Once the war continues, Britain will really lose its pants.

  A weak country has no diplomacy, and Adam's experience is the most profound. As Britain's Foreign Secretary, Adam has more than once witnessed the "helplessness" of diplomatic envoys from weak countries in negotiations.

  But he never dreamed that such a tragic scene would one day happen in Britain.

  Campbell: "Whether it is war or peace, we do not have the power to make a decision on behalf of the 40 million British people, so we should submit it to Parliament for discussion!"

  (End of Chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1176. Chapter 1153 The End of the War-69 Book Bar
2021-02-16 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1153 The End of the War
  Any matter in the hands of the Parliament means trouble.

  Everyone knows that after the interruption of maritime trade lines, Britain can no longer fight, but politics has never been black and white.

  Everyone has no objection to the armistice. However, how to cease the war is a big problem.

  Congressmen not only represent the people, but also represent the interest groups behind them. No vested interest group is willing to sacrifice its own interests unless absolutely necessary.

  What's more, members of Congress are also unwilling to bear the responsibility of surrender, which means the end of political life.

  Even if you really want to surrender, you must put on a spirit of despising death and prove that you are against surrender.

  Everyone is a drama queen, so "noisy, noisy..." has become inevitable.

  The parliament is noisy, and the people are even more noisy. After all, there are only a few people who can afford it and let it go, and more people still cannot face the reality.

  People are contradictory. On the one hand, they want to stop the war, but on the other hand, they are unwilling to accept the cruel reality of "surrender."

  Under the instigation of thoughtful people, ordinary people attributed the responsibility to the government's incompetence. If it weren't for the government's waste, the British Empire would not have been defeated; without the defeat, there would naturally not be the humiliation it is now ...

  Spouting words obviously cannot vent the grievances in the hearts of the British people, and they must make their voices heard through demonstrations.

  Enemy planes may come and bomb at any time during the day. If it is not suitable to shout slogans and march, then wait until the enemy planes have left.

  For example: It is safe at dusk.

  The time is a little shorter, but it doesn't matter. You can work an extra night shift and still make your own voice with a flashlight.

  "Defend Britain!"

  "Never surrender!"

  "Down with the traitorous government!"

  ...

  The overwhelming shouts resounded throughout London. This is a hardship for ordinary citizens, who have to go to work during the day?
  Closing the window with both hands, James complained in distress: "How long will this continue to keep people from sleeping?"

  Obviously, as an ordinary citizen, James was not interested in the farce outside.

  He doesn't understand the general truth, but one thing he knows is that if the war doesn't end, his family will soon starve to death.

  Since the outbreak of the war, prices in London have been rising steadily, and the only thing that hasn't moved is wages.

  The James family, who was originally able to live well, soon fell into a state of being unable to make ends meet, and could only rely on their previous savings to support themselves.

  Naturally, the standard of living has been falling again and again. The bread, milk, vegetables, beef... have now become black bread, potatoes, corn...

  Especially after the London government limited the supply of supplies, the James family had to change from Purchasing supplies on the black market to ensure the family's food consumption.

  There is no other way. Bureaucrats are the same creatures all over the world. It is inevitable to use the power in their hands to make profits.

  Compared with three meals a day, hegemony and colonies are really far away from James. Even Ireland, which is so close at hand, James doesn't care about.

  "Stop complaining, you can't control them. Get ready and go to bed quickly, you have to go to work tomorrow!"

  His wife's words made James' face become even more ugly: "I'm sorry, Emma. I made you suffer."

  As the hostess, Emma shook her head: "Why are you talking about this? James, you have done a good enough job. The

  current predicament is mainly because of this damn war. If it weren't for this war, our lives would still be happy. ."

  As the world's hegemon, the British people enjoy not only glory, but also tangible benefits.

  Compared with other countries in the world at the same time, Britain these days is a fully developed country, and its people's living standards are among the best in the world.

  But all of this disappeared with the outbreak of war. Even if they can fill their stomachs, even those with good family conditions, more people are still hungry and can only rely on government relief food to survive.

  James said tiredly: "I don't have to work tomorrow. The raw materials in the factory have been exhausted.

  The boss is thinking of a solution, but now the whole of England is short of raw materials. I'm afraid I will be unemployed for a long time in the future. "

  Unemployment", this is a heavy topic. Especially in recent months, those who are unemployed are basically unable to find a job.

  Import and export trade has been cut off, orders from companies have been significantly reduced, and layoffs have become the mainstream of society.

  The factory where James works is responsible for the production of aircraft parts. It can barely be regarded as a military industrial enterprise. Not only was it not affected by the war, it actually became more prosperous during the war.

  It’s a pity that no matter how many orders there are, they can’t overcome the “insufficient raw materials”. There is no comprehensive labor protection law in Britain now, and there is no raw material to start production, and the capitalists are laying off workers every minute.

  To be precise, James is not considered laid off. As a young engineer, he was relatively valuable during the war years. The company management just asked him to stay at home temporarily and wait for news.

  Unfortunately, there is no "pay" for this kind of waiting. If the company is unable to obtain raw materials to start production again, James will be equivalent to being laid off.

  The loss of an income will undoubtedly make things worse for this already poor family.

  If James cannot find a job in a short time, they will face livelihood problems before long.

  The James family is doing relatively well. As the war continues, more than two million families across the British Empire have gone bankrupt and can only rely on government relief food to survive.

  Against this background, it is difficult to imagine whether the anti-war voices among the people will rise.

  ...

  It doesn’t matter whether it’s noisy or troublesome. As food reserves continue to decrease, the British have no choice at all.

  The king was unwilling to bear the responsibility for surrender, the government was unwilling to bear the responsibility for surrender, and the Parliament was equally unwilling to take the blame.

  After a heated debate, the MPs felt deeply responsible for their great responsibility and agreed that the future of Britain could only be decided by all citizens. They unanimously decided that a referendum would determine the outcome of the war.

  On December 11, 1905, the British government proposed a one-week truce to the Continental Alliance, and a referendum would decide whether to continue the war.

  Looking at the reprinted telegram, Franz discovered that the British really knew how to play. It is impossible to think of all citizens in normal times, but when it comes to taking responsibility, a referendum is required.

  Looking at the military map, Franz asked: "How long can the food reserves of the British Isles last?"

  Prime Minister Chandler: "According to the intelligence analysis we have collected, the British food reserves will not exceed Three months, the shortest may be less than one month.

  The current reaction of the British government also proves this. If they were not forced into a corner, the British would not hold a referendum at this time." The

  Continental League was not in a hurry to launch a landing. The biggest reason for the war was the insufficient food reserves in the British Isles.

  It's not that the British government didn't want to increase food reserves, it was because the war broke out too suddenly and there was no time to purchase enough food.

  It's not a matter of money, it's simply not being able to buy it.

  The Holy Roman Empire itself was the market maker in the international grain market, monopolizing more than 80% of the agricultural product trade in the international market. At the same time, it is also Britain's largest supplier of agricultural products.

  The big bankers don't sell grain, so the British government can only buy it overseas. Regardless of whether we can buy enough food, transportation capacity alone is a big problem.

  Submarine attacks are just child's play. The key is that most countries in the world have joined the blockade against Britain, and overseas trade lines are almost interrupted.

  Simply relying on colonies obviously cannot meet the needs. In particular, the two grain-producing areas of Indochina and India have successively turned into battlefields, which was a heavy blow.

  Since the enemy can be starved to death, the Continental Alliance is naturally not in a hurry to land. It will only take a few months, so everyone can still afford to wait.

  After sliding the globe, Franz said with a smile: "Tell the British that for humanitarian reasons, we are willing to give them a week to hold a referendum.

  But there is only one chance. If we don't get the results we want, Then in the next ten years, not a grain of food will flow into England."

  This is the tragedy of the island country. With just a naval blockade, the awesome British Empire was on the verge of collapse.

  Let alone ten years of blockade, as long as it is blocked for another year and a half, I am afraid that the British Empire will become history.

  ...

  On December 12, 1905, Britain kicked off a referendum. In a depressing atmosphere, countless British people walked out of their homes and went to polling stations to cast their sacred votes.

  Unlike previous polls, this time there were no impassioned speeches or huge advertising banners, just a simple ballot box and soldiers to maintain order.

  The scene was eerily quiet, as if you were in a mourning hall. There were only footsteps and heartbeats, and they didn't dare to make any loud noise for fear of disturbing the deceased.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Surrender and Lose Half-69 Book Bar
2021-02-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1154: Surrender and lose half.

  The British referendum is still going on, and the armistice negotiations have already started. Every broken ship has nails, let alone the British Empire.

  It is true that the Continental Alliance has the upper hand. If they really want to push all the way through, it will not be possible in a year and a half.

  Especially overseas colonies, Canada and Australia are typically vast in territory. If a war breaks out, it will be difficult to control the place without 1.8 million troops.

  Franz didn't have the energy to spend another three to five years catching rats after winning the war. A big family and a big business didn't fail like this.

  You must know that war is very expensive, and continuous fighting consumes the most national strength. Spending too much power on the British is not conducive to Shinra's subsequent strategic layout.

  War is only a means, not the ultimate goal. Weighing the pros and cons is the most basic ability of a politician.

  ...When Adam received the truce conditions

  in the conference room of the Austrian Hotel

  , he was furious. Announcing surrender is a trivial matter. We have all lost anyway, so it is only a matter of time before we admit defeat.

  The trouble lies in the compensation for ceding territory. According to the long-standing European tradition, it is natural to cede territory and pay compensation after a defeat, and Adam had already been mentally prepared.

  But after seeing the specific amount of compensation and the land required to be ceded, Adam couldn't help it.

  The requirements for ceding territory are almost the same as those mentioned before. All overseas colonies, plus the independence of Ireland, Scotland, and Wales, are just a small piece of England.

  It is unacceptable to dismember the British Isles and continue to weaken England, which is even more non-negotiable.

  Even the British Empire in its heyday could not afford the compensation of 80 billion Aegis, let alone Britain, which was suffering from overwork and seven injuries.

  Even if all the wealth plundered over hundreds of years is handed over, the current British government will not be able to collect this huge wealth.

  For specific reference, you can refer to France. Just the war reparations made France breathless.

  The Paris government has been paying back the money one after another for so many years, and has not even repaid the annual interest, let alone the principal.

  Unless Aegis undergoes a major devaluation, France will not be able to escape the debt crisis in this century. Naturally, Adam could not let a similar scene happen to Britain.

  Unlike France back then, Britain now also has Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. It also has a strong Royal Navy in its own country, which is capable of fighting.

  Although it cannot save the overall situation, it can still cause hundreds of thousands of casualties to the coalition forces.

  If you have money, you have to talk. International politics has always been realistic.

  "Your Excellency, these conditions are too harsh for the British Empire and have far exceeded our ability to bear it. It is impossible for the 40 million British people to accept such humiliation."

  Hearing the word "humiliation", the representative of the Shinra Ao couldn't help but roll his eyes. Looking at world history, how many defeated countries have not been "humiliated"?
  Not all countries are Far Eastern empires, and the Vienna government has not taken advantage of them so much. There are always only a handful of people who win and are not held accountable.

  After picking up the coffee, Leo said calmly: "You have to pay a price for doing something wrong. Your country is now just paying for the previous mistakes.

  Your Excellency, if you think the conditions for stopping are harsh, it is because you did not find out that your country started this war. The disaster it brought to the world.

  Since the outbreak of the war, the foreign trade of European countries has been interrupted, and the world's economy has fallen into negative growth, because the death toll in this war has reached millions.

  If we go further in time Moving forward, the losses your country has brought to the world are even greater. Let's talk about the European continent. In the past two or three hundred years, which continental war has not had the shadow of your country? It has
  caused so many evils, and It can't be compensated by just money. The 80 billion Aegis has been determined after taking into account your country's ability to pay. If we really dig into it, your country can only go to hell. As for the

  colonies, they are not your country's thing in the first place. We are just taking it back for the master first.

  Ireland, Scotland, and Wales were all forcibly occupied by your country, and all righteous people in the world have the obligation to rescue them.

  ..."

  Politics is such a reality, whoever loses the war, whoever is responsible for the war is responsible for the war, and the victor is not blamed.

  It was obviously Vienna and London who promoted the war, but now all the war responsibilities fall on the British government.

  There is no point in arguing. In this age of the jungle, strength must speak for itself after all.

  As for the losses caused by this war, that is a bit biased. It is true that there were millions of casualties, but most of the casualties came from the Ocean Alliance side, of which India contributed most of the casualties.

  Except for the unlucky Russian Empire, which suffered heavy losses in the Far East, the Continental Alliance had not fought many tough battles at all.

  The only few battles that took place were one-sided battles. The truly evenly matched battles took place in the navy.

  The casualties of tens of thousands of people may be said to be "heavy losses" at other times, but during a world war, they are not necessarily enough casualties for one day.

  At least in the Indian battlefield, there have been several battles with tens of thousands of casualties a day. It's just that the colonial troops suffered heavy casualties every time, and they couldn't get into the eyes of the Vienna government.

  All these added up are not enough to settle old scores. In the past years, Britain has done so many things to attract hatred, just like coal cannot be washed away.

  If all the losses caused by these actions are added up, 80 billion in compensation is really not much, and you can just add a zero to the end.

  After thinking for a while, Adam quickly reacted.

  "The issue must be looked forward to. The past events are all issues left over from history and can be left to historians to discuss. There is no need to involve politics. The fact that

  we are able to sit here today represent peace-loving people all over the world to discuss how to end the problem. to end this war.

  We have shown the greatest sincerity, and we hope that your country can show sincerity, face this issue with caution, and come up with an agreement acceptable to all parties as soon as possible.

  Britain can give up most of its colonies, and A reasonable war reparations must be paid, but local sovereignty must be respected, and post-war international status must be guaranteed without any discrimination."

  The sincerity is naturally seen, even if there is no sincerity, with the decline of domestic food reserves, the British The government must also be sincere.

  The Vienna government is also very sincere, otherwise it would not have agreed to a one-week truce, creating an opportunity for the British government to take the blame.

  It’s just that sincerity cannot be eaten as food. Negotiations must always revolve around interests.

  Leo shook his head without hesitation: "Sorry, Sir Adam. Not only are we unable to accept such armistice conditions, but the allies will not agree to it.

  In the past years, your country has left too many bad things for everyone. Impression. If your country is not weakened, I am afraid that the whole world will not be able to sleep.

  If your country really wants to end the war, it is necessary to hand over all colonies, pay war reparations, and limit armaments.

  Of course, if your country can come up with With more sincerity, we can also make certain concessions.

  For example, whether Ireland, Scotland, and Wales are independent can be determined by local referendums after the war.

  Your Excellency, the time left for you is running out. Your government You must make up your mind quickly.

  Once the seven-day truce expires and we have not reached a preliminary agreement, your country will only have to surrender unconditionally in the future."

  Facts have proved that allies are used to deceive. At the last moment of the end of the world war, the Vienna government's first consideration was its own interests.

  In comparison, punishing Britain is secondary. As long as the colonies are cut off and armaments are restricted, Britain, as an island country, cannot afford to make waves.

  "More sincerity" is the most obvious benefit. As long as the benefits are great enough and the Holy Roman Empire is fed first, non-principled issues will have to be discussed later.

  Finally reaching this point, Adam secretly breathed a sigh of relief. He was not afraid of the Vienna government being corrupt, but he was afraid that the Vienna government would have no desires and desires.

  In any case, it is easier to feed one country than dozens of countries. If we really go to talk to the Continental League, we might end up with a second France.

  After a moment of silence, Adam asked cautiously: "What does your country want?"

  The foundation of the British Empire is still very strong. Even at this stage, there are still many good things for people to peep at.

  If it weren't for the rush of time, Adam wouldn't want to be so direct. If you slowly refine your quotation step by step, the price you pay may be smaller.

  Shinra Foreign Minister Leo: "We don't have many demands. We just ask your country to do a little help. It's not a difficult task.

  You know that we don't like trouble. As long as your country is evacuating Canada, New Zealand, and Australia, At that time, we will take away all the troubles.

  In addition, the old guys from the Academy of Sciences are interested in some of your country's technologies and want to communicate.

  The last thing is to do some advertising. You know that for the long-term development of mankind, we We have always been committed to environmental protection and saving resources.

  For example, in the military industry, the market is not large and there are many players. However, the technology of these players is not up to standard, and a large amount of raw materials are wasted every year.

  In order to change this situation, we We have been working hard to promote the integration of global weapons and equipment, and have achieved initial results.

  More than 70% of the world's army equipment, air force equipment, and nearly 40% of naval equipment have been integrated, saving at least tens of thousands of dollars every year. tons of raw materials.

  Everything is developing in a good direction, but there is a problem in your country. After the war, your country's military production will be restricted, and the original military industrial enterprises will be shut down.

  If possible, your country's foreign procurement of weapons and equipment At the same time, our country's military products can be properly taken care of.

  You can rest assured that our country's military products are of guaranteed quality. They enjoy a high reputation around the world and are highly praised by users."

  Xiaomai is not at all Xiao, it can be said that everyone is digging for the foundation of the British Empire, but Adam cannot have the courage to refuse.

  Seize colonies, seize technology, and even monopolize the military industry market. Once these plans are completed, the Holy Roman Empire's advantages over other countries will become insurmountable in the future.

  What is even more desperate is that these plans are almost completed, but the outside world still knows nothing about them.

  But all this has nothing to do with Britain. After experiencing the disastrous defeat in this world war, it will be very difficult for Britain to retain its homeland. Fighting for hegemony is a matter for future challengers.

  Adam had no idea of ​​breaking the window paper. With the decline of the British Empire, there was no longer a country in the world that could check and balance HRE.

  Even if the ambitions of the Vienna government are exposed, everyone can only make up their minds and admit the established facts.

  ...

  On December 16, 1905, the London government announced the results of the vote, and "stop the war" was passed with an absolute majority of votes.

  A total of 27.345 million people participated in this vote, and 25.494 million people supported stopping the war, accounting for more than 90%.

  As for how the voting and counting of votes were completed in such a short period of time, it can only be attributed to British-style "efficiency" in special times.

  On the same day, the British Parliament declared the vote valid and Britain officially withdrew from the war.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1178. Chapter 1155 Not the Son of Man-69 Book Bar
2021-02-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1155: Not a Son of Man
  The war was over, and as soon as the news spread, the whole of Europe was in a state of excitement. In the past year, not only the British have eaten bran, but also people in Europe have had a difficult time.

  Although there is no shortage of food, everyone's pockets are hurt.

  It was all caused by the war. With the interruption of sea routes, many industrial raw materials could not be transported in. Even if they could be transported in, they would have to take a detour, and the cost would inevitably rise.

  Except for the basically self-sufficient HRE and Russia, other European countries are suffering from insufficient supply of raw materials, and companies are forced to lay off employees and reduce production.

  Rising unemployment + rising prices make life difficult for ordinary people.

  Fortunately, Emperor Franz had the sense of integrity and not only did not take advantage of the situation, but instead opened the warehouse in time and released a large amount of grain to the European world, cutting off the capitalists' speculation.

  Governments of various countries have also introduced emergency measures to distribute relief food to the unemployed to solve the people's food problem.

  It was precisely because the food problem was solved that the British conspiracy did not succeed. Otherwise, once the Revolutionary Party interferes, there may really be chaos everywhere.

  After a year of hard life, the war was finally won just before Christmas. It was hard not to be excited.

  Except for the Russian Empire in the civil war and the defeated Britain, the entire European world was immersed in a sea of ​​celebration.

  People are celebrating, and governments around the world are already busy. Winning the war does not mean that the matter is over. Now there is still the most critical step - dividing the spoils.

  With the surrender of the British, the international landscape was undergoing a comprehensive reshuffle. The replacement of old and new hegemons often brings about the coexistence of crises and opportunities.

  As a member of the Continental Alliance, the European countries are undoubtedly on the right team this time, and it is time to share the fruits of victory.

  When specific interests are involved, disputes are inevitable. The cake is only so big. If you take more, others will naturally get less.

  What were once close allies have now become competitors. Fortunately, the Russians were kicked out early, otherwise the struggle would have been even more intense.

  In order to divide the spoils in a more harmonious manner, representatives from various countries of the Continental Alliance have gathered in the Diplomatic Building of the Holy Roman Empire.

  Needless to say, those who joined later did not make enough contributions to the war. Now they can only follow the soy sauce and do not have much say. The only ones who really participate in the fight are the European countries.

  After glancing at everyone, Leo, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Shinra, said with high spirits: "Welcome to Vienna. I hope you can spend a happy Christmas here.

  After everyone's joint efforts and nearly a year, we finally defended the evil John Bull and restored peace to the human world again.

  Every country sitting here will have contributed to this war, and everyone is a hero of the human world.

  The British were defeated, but what the British left behind We still need to clean up the mess. In order to restore international order as soon as possible, all countries now need to work together. Today

  we are discussing the South Asian subcontinent. Thanks to the British, South Asia has become a mess. The 400 million people there are in urgent need of rescue. .

  As a responsible country, everyone will be willing to contribute their own strength to the peace of mankind."

  There is no doubt that what is taken out is divided among various countries. The real site that the Vienna government is interested in will not be brought to the table at all.

  Regions such as Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and British Africa were already in the hands of the Holy Roman Empire. Leo simply ignored them, and representatives from various countries pretended not to see them.

  There is nothing to argue about. Simply calculating economic value, one India exceeds the sum of these regions. The most fertile land has been taken away. Who can say that the Vienna government is not generous?

  We are all smart people, and we can hear the implication immediately. "South Asian subcontinent" means that there are no islands.

  There are only a few islands in the Indian region itself. Except for Sri Lanka, which is slightly larger, the rest are all small beans and are not worth mentioning at all.

  What is being presented now is consistent with what the Vienna government promised in advance, and representatives from various countries will naturally have no objections.

  "Your Excellency, Spain is willing to contribute to peace in South Asia!"

  Spanish representative Roman Riquelme said with high spirits.

  In the world war that just ended, Spain was in the limelight, and all the accumulated grievances that had been accumulated for hundreds of years were vented.

  In the Far East, Spain successfully inflicted trouble on the Japanese; in Europe, it not only participated in the bombing of London, but also recovered the Strait of Gibraltar.

  It's as if Spain, which used to be awesome and coquettish in the past, came back overnight. Although these are all illusions, they do not affect Spain's return to the ranks of great powers.

  With the Russians out, Spain is second only to HRE in the Continental League.

  Although the second child has a lot of moisture and the strength gap between him and the boss is huge, and Spain does not have the capital to succeed, this still does not affect Roman's good mood.

  There are advantages to being weak, at least you don't need to worry about pressure from the boss; if you were really strong, Roman would have to worry about whether he would follow in the footsteps of the Russian Empire.

  "The Nordic Federation is also willing to contribute to the peace and stability of the South Asian subcontinent."

  "We in Belgium are also willing to contribute to South Asia..."

  ...

  When interests are involved, no one is willing to give up. Countries cannot compete with the Holy Roman Empire, the leader, but they are not afraid of Spain, the second leader.

  Anyway, the international order will soon be established. Whoever dares to provoke a war and disrupt the order will be the enemy of Shinra.

  Anyone who had the strength to participate in colonization joined the fight, fearing that they would miss the opportunity to maintain peace and stability in South Asia.

  ...

  St. Petersburg, ever since it learned that various countries had abandoned Russia to carve up India, the atmosphere in the tsarist government had become tense.

  They spent money and effort, shed blood and sweat, worked hard, and even the country was paralyzed because of this war. As a result, when the spoils were divided, it was suddenly announced that they had no share, and no one could tolerate it.

  Angry as hell, the civil war is not over yet, and there really isn't much the Russian Empire can do.

  Nicholas II angrily ordered: "Order the troops on the Indian frontline to abandon everything and return home immediately to quell the rebellion."

  Since there is no share of the spoils, continuing to stay in India to maintain order is to make wedding clothes for others. . Nicholas II was not that great and had no interest in voluntary labor.

  "Your Majesty, now Afghanistan has fallen, and most of Central Asia and the Caucasus are in the hands of rebels. If the frontline troops are to be withdrawn, I'm afraid..."

  Before Prime Minister Sergei Witte could finish speaking, Nicholas II He interrupted: "The rebels are blocking the road, so fight back! It's all about counter-rebellion anyway, you can start from anywhere."

  There is no doubt that Nicholas II said these angry words. Calling back is easy to say, but the question is what to do with the logistics?
  If it could be withdrawn, the military would have taken action long ago. After all, although India is important, it is still not as good as the mainland.

  The most critical problem with the delay in ordering the withdrawal of troops is that once they break away from the coalition forces, the hundreds of thousands of troops on the front line will lose their logistical supplies.

  It would be fine if the Russian Empire were smaller. As long as they save a little and hide ten and a half days' worth of supplies, it would still be possible.

  The problem is that the Russian Empire is too vast. It takes thousands of kilometers to retreat from India to the mainland. It also faces interception by rebels. What if there are not enough supplies?
  The Russian army in the Far East has been almost destroyed. The Russian army on the Indian front is already the last elite of the Russian Empire. Once these seeds are destroyed, the Russian army will not be able to restore its combat effectiveness overnight.

  In order to avoid tragedy, Yevgeny, as Minister of War, had to persuade him hard.

  "Your Majesty, the enemy will not let us do what we want. The troops on the front line have been scattered, and it is very difficult to assemble them now. The

  command of these troops is currently in the hands of the coalition command. If we forcefully assemble the troops, we will not be able to do it. Good enemies will take the opportunity to cause trouble and directly label them as rebels."

  Although there are elements of alarmism, no one can tell for sure in politics. As long as the interests involved are large enough, anything can happen.

  For the sake of profit, all European countries can support the Russian rebels. Who can guarantee that these guys will not take the opportunity to kill the main force of the Russian army on the front line.

  "Hmph!"

  "Keep this account in mind first, and you will have to settle with them one day!"

  Nicholas II roared angrily.

  It can be seen that his dissatisfaction with the Vienna government has reached its peak. If the conditions didn't allow it, he would have wanted to tear up the alliance immediately.

  Of course, it is impossible to break the covenant now. With the constraints of the covenant, life in the Russian Empire has been so difficult; if there were no constraints of the covenant, I am afraid it would not be a secret trick.

  After a pause, Nicholas II added: "The newly formed troops have been sent out, and we don't have much time left. We must speed up the counter-insurgency.

  Only before the international order is established can the domestic rebellion be suppressed. , this world will have our right to speak."

  Reality can make people grow the most. Despite continuous social beatings, Nicholas II still grew up in the face of adversity. I deeply realized that strength is the foundation of everything.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1179.Chapter 1156 Various Colors of Christmas-69 Book Bar
2021-02-18 Author: Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1156 Various Christmas Styles

  White snowflakes, colorful Christmas trees, colorful scenery, and various celebratory banners make this Christmas extra exciting.

  When the New Year's bell rang, Franz fell into memories. Looking back at the decades that we have walked along the way, there are too many endless stories to tell.

  This Christmas, there were no guests. Except for the necessary guards, even the servants were given a leave by Franz.

  Those who organized the celebrations were all juniors. It's a rare reunion day, and it's only meaningful if you have to do it yourself.

  The meaning is there, but the scene is a little out of control. These pampered little guys are obviously not used to this kind of rough work.

  Looking at the dark dishes on the table, Franz was very doubtful whether these things could be eaten.

  But seeing everyone eating happily, Franz felt relieved because he wouldn't eat it anyway. As people get older, they are no longer suitable for late night snacks.

  Being able to survive until now is all because of Franz's good care. Look at the queen in front of her. She has been yawning for a long time. If it weren't for tradition, I would have gone to bed long ago.

  Well, tradition is just an excuse, the main thing is that the days of this reunion are numbered. With the victory of the World War, the last wave of enfeoffment will also begin.

  After so many years of paving the road, now it's time to reap the rewards. As the big winner in the war, the Habsburg dynasty also had its own share of the fruits of victory.

  The Holy Roman Empire was vast and now had more than 20 million square kilometers of land cut off from the British. It occupied almost two-fifths of the earth, except for Antarctica, which was not suitable for human habitation.

  Unless the colonial model of rule is followed, the central government cannot manage it at all.

  With the development of the times, the cost of colonial rule is also rising, and it is only a matter of time before it is eliminated.

  Especially the areas occupied by Shinra were mostly vast and sparsely populated. Colonial rule is even more economic uneconomical.

  Anyway, what Shinra is playing with is the state system and the enfeoffment system, so we can continue to use them. Especially in remote areas, once the meritorious ministers are enfeoffed and then a prince or grandson is sent there, a state will be formed .

  Except for the eldest son and grandson who were destined to inherit the throne, all the remaining children and grandchildren present were arranged by Franz.

  Due to traffic constraints, a round trip takes too long, which means that in the future everyone will gather less and stay apart more.

  But there is no way. The Habsburg family has reached this point and if they want to continue to grow and develop, they must branch off.

  Opportunities have been given to you. If you don't seize them, what's the point of talking about the future?
  "Parents love their children, and their plans are far-reaching." On this issue, the Franz couple's opinions are very consistent .

  Time makes people grow old. Judging from the average life expectancy these days, both Franz and his wife are old. There are obviously not many Christmases like this where the whole family gets together.

  Once the enfeoffment is completed, perhaps the next reunion will have to wait a few years, such as Franz's eighth birthday, or the twentieth anniversary of the restoration of the Holy Roman Empire, a big day celebrated by the whole world.

  This can be regarded as a happy trouble. There are many people who fight for a fiefdom. Many families have even made efforts for three generations, but they have not been able to achieve their goals.

  Fortunately, noble families have received relevant military education since childhood. As long as their qualifications are not too bad and they work hard enough, it is not difficult to enter a military academy.

  After graduating from the military academy, the starting point is to be an officer. And with the connections left by his father's generation, on the battlefield, the probability of achieving military success is much higher than that of ordinary people.

  As long as you have better luck, catch up with this kind of war, take advantage of the situation to gain some military exploits, and successfully survive, you can earn another foundation.

  The common people at the bottom are miserable. Those who are purely self-made and able to get ahead are God's darlings.

  Although judging from the number of knights, officers and soldiers of civilian origin account for the majority, there are still a large number of descendants of aristocrats, middle class, capitalists, and bureaucrats hidden here.

  It seems that these people have no foundation in the military, but they have a solid economic foundation!
  Parents in Germany are notoriously reluctant to invest in their children's education. The world is not peaceful these days. Under the national military service system, military knowledge cannot be left behind.

  In terms of learning theoretical knowledge and dealing with people, the children of these families are not inferior to ordinary noble children.

  There are even many people who are aspiring to take the road of military merit and knighthood, or to develop in the army for a long time, and complete the recruit training in advance before joining the army.

  With these advantages, the probability of being promoted in the military is obviously higher than that of ordinary civilians.

  In fact, most of the children of lower-level civilians who can stand out have had rich military careers and can impart relevant knowledge.

  Unfair, that's for sure. But this world is inherently cruel and cannot be changed by personal will.

  As emperor, Franz only needed to ensure the combat effectiveness and loyalty of the army. The origins of the following officers were not important.

  The only thing to blame is that the World War lasted too short, ending in less than a year, leaving no time for ordinary people to grow up.

  Of course, this cover cannot be opened. No matter how small the probability is, it is still a probability. Not many people became nobles in one fell swoop, but there were many who were allocated a piece of land.

  British Africa, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, British Indochina, and several islands have too much land that can be allocated.

  This is only the legacy left by the British. Although other participating countries are not so fertile, they still have a few taels of meat, and there will always be gains.

  The newly occupied areas need population, and military merit is the best opportunity to recruit immigrants. Not only are there immigrants, but there are also armies to guard these lands.

  Sometimes, Franz even wondered if this was going too far. However, seeing the people flocking to it, he decisively put away this dangerous idea.

  It had just been a few years since serfdom was abolished, and it was the time when everyone was most obsessed with land. Especially these days, farmers’ incomes and living standards were higher than those of workers.

  Little people also have the wisdom of little people. The facts are before us: higher income, better life, and an inheritance that can be passed down to the family.

  If this is a calculation, then let's have more of this calculation. We don't mind a few more pieces of land.

  As for using everyone to defend the territory, that's not a problem. If you don’t defend your own land, who will?

  ...

  Some people are proud, and some are frustrated. When Franz was sad about being together less and separated in the future, Buckingham Palace was even more gloomy.

  Although he had been mentally prepared, Britain really surrendered, and Edward VII could not help but feel sad.

  With a sad heart, this Christmas is naturally difficult. Even this year’s Santa Claus is not as beautiful as in previous years.

  Summarizing experiences and lessons, looking for countermeasures, and preparing for a comeback are meaningless.

  The island nation cannot tolerate failure. Britain, a country with a small land and few people, has a very low error tolerance rate. Defeat means losing everything.

  Especially in the past few hundred years, Britain has raised the hatred of the whole world to the full value, which has made it even more difficult to make a comeback.

  Even if the British Isles were saved through insider trading and bribed by the Vienna government, it would not change the reality of Britain's decline.

  Thinking about Edward VII, I feel depressed. He obviously did not bad, and could even be called excellent, but he became the end of the Victorian era.

  Fortunately, Britain implemented a constitutional monarchy, and the cabinet stood up to the challenge, attracting civilian firepower.

  As we all know, the king is already old, and his poor health in the past year has been unable to handle government affairs. It has nothing to do with this war.

  Of course, the most important reason why Edward VII was able to escape unscathed was the will of the Continental League, or the deliberate release of water by the Vienna government.

  The deal between Vienna and the British government had just been concluded and was now underway, and a stable Britain was now needed.

  Compared with changing the prime minister, changing the king will obviously have a greater impact, and Britain may directly collapse.

  As the victor of the war, the Holy Roman Empire had too many benefits to receive, and there was no time to waste energy on the British in the short term.

  In addition, another important reason is to preserve Britain's decadent bureaucracy.

  Any old empire has various problems, and reform is often more difficult than tearing down and rebuilding. Especially after the colonial era ended, it became impossible to transfer conflicts externally, making reform even more difficult.

  This is a conspiracy, but neither Edward VII nor the British government can refuse it. As a member of a vested interest group, you can't take your own life!
  The current Prime Minister, Campbell, is the leader of the reformists. He has made many patches to the British Empire during his term of office and can be said to have outstanding political achievements.

  If he hadn't caught up with this war, his historical evaluation would never be low, and he might even become Britain's greatest prime minister.

  The problem, however, is that Campbell is too capable. If there had been an incompetent prime minister, perhaps the world war would not have broken out so quickly.

  History is always full of comedy. If it is made into a movie, it is probably hard for everyone to believe. It is completely different from everyone’s daily cognition.

  A capable king + a capable prime minister pulled the slowly declining British Empire back from halfway, but then fell directly into the abyss from another road.

  It’s unbelievable to think about, but it happened in reality. If it weren't for the reforms initiated by Campbell, Britain would still be fishing in the free trade system, and for a while it would not even notice that its own market was being cannibalized.

  If the British Empire can be replaced by boiling a frog in warm water, the Vienna government will naturally not use force. After all, war costs money.

  It is destined to be a sleepless Christmas Eve. Edward VII is not feeling well, and the British government is even more tragic. No one is preparing for the holiday at all. There is not even a Christmas tree in the Prime Minister's official residence.

  As a tragedy of the times, the Campbell government now has one last mission left, which is to sign the surrender document and shoulder the responsibility for defeat.

  Then, there is no more. Once the dust has settled, it will be the new government's turn to take office and implement the treaty in detail.

  Listening to the New Year's bell, Campbell said helplessly: "The Vienna Peace Conference will start soon after Christmas. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs should send people to attend as soon as possible!" There

  is no holiday on Christmas, but government affairs will be discussed. Thinking about it, I am drunk.

  However, as a defeated country, the Campbell government had no choice. The war had just ended, and all kinds of troubles came to the door. There are so many things to do that there is no time for a vacation.

  Even for this kind of international event that everyone was originally rushing to attend, now no one even takes the initiative to sign up. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs must select an unlucky person.

  In this regard, the Vienna government is still very talkative. No matter who is sent, or the level of the representative, as long as the individual can sign on behalf of the British Empire.

  It is also crucial for the Campbell government. Although it has gained notoriety, one less is better than one more.

  People are forgetful, and time can dilute everything. Especially for other members of the cabinet, as long as their presence is reduced, they are likely to be forgotten by the public in three to five years.

  The only people who can be remembered are the prime minister and the signers, especially the representatives who signed the surrender document. The label of "traitor" is almost certain.

  This can be regarded as a reward for the British government's awareness of current affairs. Just like World War I, because the Germans surrendered voluntarily, the Allies also gave up pursuing war criminals.

  If the British government chooses to fight to the end, it will be treated like World War II. As the head of government of a defeated country, it is inevitable for everyone to go to the military court.

  "Okay, Prime Minister. I'll make arrangements when you get down. It won't delay things."

  Foreign Secretary Adam said calmly. Anyway, the terms of the armistice had been secretly agreed upon long ago, and some detailed adjustments were made at the Vienna Peace Conference.

  As a defeated country, Britain no longer had the right to speak at the Vienna Peace Conference, no matter who it sent.

  The top leaders of the government are not having a good time, and the people at the bottom are not having a good Christmas either. The war is over, but the trade blockade between countries has not yet been lifted.

  The reserves of supplies in the British Isles have long been depleted. Daily supplies such as candy, coffee, tea, cigarettes, drinks, etc. have now become luxuries.

  Even to celebrate Christmas, the British government increased the supply of supplies. Each person only received one extra liter of milk, a piece of 300-gram bread, and a piece of dried fish. The other food was potatoes, corn, soybeans and other grains.

  Not only was the quantity of supplies insufficient, but the quality was also impressive. It tasted like feed.

  Combined with the government's bill forcing the slaughter of livestock and prohibiting the brewing of wine half a year ago, the relief food distributed now is likely to be the rations of those animals.

  It's good to have something to eat. During the war years, there was no need to be picky. As long as the enemy does not open the blockade for a day, the supply of supplies in the British Isles will never return to normal.

  ...

  Deep in the alley, in an ordinary small courtyard, the James family is spending this special Christmas.

  Looking at the food on the table, James, who was forcing a smile, felt his heart collapse at this moment.

  In order to spend this Christmas successfully, he visited three black markets in a row. However, he was short of money and finally stopped because of the high price.

  There was no candy, no cake, and no turkey, just a few pieces of bread and a carton of milk, plus a baked potato for each person.

  Such standards were the living conditions of the people at the lowest level before the war. James's family background is slightly better, and his daily life standard is much higher. At least he must have sauces for every meal.

  Seeing his son, who had always been a picky eater, eating happily now, James only felt sad.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1180.Chapter 1157 Politics is also about human relations-69 Book Bar
2021-02-20Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 1157: Politics is also about human nature.
  Washington, the same Christmas, different feelings. The impact of this war on the United States was relatively small. Except for the slight impact on import and export trade, overall the United States was at peace .

  However, this is just an appearance. The political mistake of taking sides dealt a fatal blow to the United States.

  Washington has applied to the Continental League many times, hoping to withdraw from the war. Unfortunately, the Continental League has not responded.

  Anyone familiar with politics knows that if you are not afraid of the enemy's appetite, you are afraid of being ignored by the enemy. If you have a big appetite, you still have room for negotiation; if you are ignored, you won't be able to start a negotiation even if you want to.

  With the surrender of the British Empire, the last remaining hope of the United States was lost.

  The strength of the United States is the strongest in the Americas, but compared with the Continental Alliance, it is just a small bean.

  The people are still celebrating Christmas happily, unaware of the approaching crisis, but the White House is helpless.

  "Has the Vienna government responded?"

  President Theodore Roosevelt asked expectantly.

  Secretary of State Peter Niedermeier: "The answer given by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Holy Roman Empire is that we will wait for follow-up notifications, and all issues will be resolved at the Vienna Peace Conference.

  Judging from the current situation, we are afraid that we will be sad this time The main reason is that the British surrendered too quickly, leaving us too late to react." There is no

  doubt that "the British surrendered quickly" is just an excuse. The reason why the United States is really undervalued is that its own development potential is too great.

  Of course, the United States organized coalition forces in the Americas to besiege Austrian Central America, which was also one of the reasons why they received special care.

  Now that the British Empire has declined, it still has a lot of accumulated heritage. Its overall industrial strength is second only to the HRE, and it is still at the top level in the world in some subdivisions.

  Just like the Soviet Union after its collapse, whoever inherits the legacy of the Soviet Union will be the military power second only to the United States.

  The United States is too closely connected with the British, or the capitals of the two countries are too closely connected. After the war, British capital was bound to leave its homeland to find a more suitable living space.

  Although the European continent is close, the capital power of the European world itself is not weak, and there are also stronger aristocratic constraints, which is obviously not suitable for them, who cross the river.

  Looking globally, there are not many countries that can accommodate the transfer of British capital. Considering racial factors, the only countries that can truly accept British capital are the United States, the Confederate States, and Brazil.

  As for countries such as Argentina, Chile, and Venezuela, their populations are too small to accommodate much capital.

  Dig deeper and you'll find that Brazil is impossible. Not only is the population limited, but there are also a lot of internal contradictions. Revolution may break out at any time, and the uncertainty is too high.

  Although the situation in the Alliance countries is slightly better, they are engaged in a plantation economy, which obviously leaves insufficient space for capital operations.

  The United States is the best choice. Whether it is population, resource conditions, or social background, it is suitable for the development of capital.

  If there is no external intervention, the first choice place for British capital after withdrawing from the country is the United States.

  Once the capitalists transfer capital and technology to the United States, there will be another rising power, which will be very detrimental to Shinra's global layout.

  It takes too much effort to specifically intercept individual capitalists, and it is still difficult to guard against them. In comparison, it would be much easier to attack the United States directly.

  As the saying goes, the authorities are obsessed with it, and the Americans who are deeply involved in it have not thought so much at all. After all, the strength of the United States these days is limited and there are still a lot of internal conflicts. It is really not worth the fear of the hegemonic country.

  "Next we have to change our strategy. Not only must we lobby the Vienna government, but we must also keep up with the public relations in other countries."

  Not knowing the reason for being specifically targeted, Theodore Roosevelt could only treat a dead horse as a living horse. Increase public relations reach.

  This is destined to be a restless Christmas. Almost all politicians from Ocean Alliance member states are worried about the future of their countries.

  Even if you change jobs in time, there is no exception. "Two or five boys" are not welcome anywhere.

  Due to practical needs during the war, the Vienna government accepted everyone's surrender, which does not mean that everyone can enjoy the treatment of allies.

  If you look at the ongoing Spoils Division Conference in Vienna, you will know that the countries participating in the conference were all early members of the Continental League, and none were latecomers.

  The neutral countries that joined the alliance midway were okay. Although they did not make much contribution to the war, their political positions finally caught up.

  The situation is different in the countries where people changed jobs in the later period. With the label of "second or fifth generation" on their heads, they are destined to be impossible to be trusted.

  Especially the few unlucky ones who sent troops to join the war not only had to pay for their losses out of their pockets, but they also had to receive "special care" in the future.

  It's too late to regret it. No matter what you do now, you can't make up for the political mistakes made in the past. Even in order to consolidate relations within the alliance, the Vienna government must "treat" various countries differently.

  Those who follow along will have meat to eat; those who watch the excitement will continue to watch when the meat is divided; those who stand in the wrong team and switch sides in time will have to pay the price; those who carry it to the end will be the meat on the chopping board.

  ...

  Time flies by, and the day before the Vienna Peace Conference is getting closer and closer. Delegations from various countries arrived in Vienna, and public opinion was ignited.

  When interviewed by the media, representatives from the victorious countries were high-spirited, while representatives from the defeated countries were dejected. They were two completely different landscapes.

  Even comic publications that had nothing to do with politics came out to join in the fun and produced a series of satirical stories.

  For example: "Knights and Bandits Series", "Pirate's End", "Animal World Melee"...

  there are even more related literary works. Literati and writers all over Europe are writing vigorously and using extremely exaggerated techniques. With this war.

  It is completely opposite to the anti-war trend after the World War in the original time and space. It can only be said that it did not hurt everyone. Except for the British who licked their wounds, other European people did not feel deeply.

  The casualties were heavy, that's the number on paper, even the anti-French war could not keep up. Except for the British bombs, which killed a few unlucky guys, the European people did not feel that the war was approaching.

  The bloodiest wars broke out in the Far East, the South Asian subcontinent, and Africa, and had nothing to do with Europe.

  Although the Continental Alliance also lost nearly a million people, these losses were shared by more than 20 countries, of which Russia contributed most.

  There were few casualties and the results were rich, so everyone's feelings were naturally different.

  Although there is a lack of classics, compared with the classics created by tragedy, the happiness of reality is obviously more important.

  The world's attention was focused on the Vienna Peace Conference. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs building suddenly became busy with traffic, and there was an endless stream of people coming to visit every day.

  When it comes to national interests, it is obviously not enough to rely on favors and build relationships, but who doesn't want to have a better relationship with the boss?
  After all, this world is a human society. When the interests of one's own country are not involved, impressions and perceptions are very important.

  Shinra is now the overlord of the world, and even just saying a word of help can solve problems many times.

  If HRE hadn't been so aggressive in its anti-corruption campaign, it is estimated that every high-level member of the Vienna government would have made a lot of money.

  The risk of giving gifts to officials is too high. If someone is labeled as corrupting Shinra government officials, it will be all over.

  If you can't give gifts to ministers, then find a way to give gifts to the emperor. Recently, Franz has been merciless in accepting gifts.

  It's not that he wants to receive gifts, he is just a thief in giving gifts. In order to give gifts, everyone asked for connections, but the European royal family was a family, so they could always be related to each other.

  The euphemistic name is to strengthen the relationship between relatives. If you don't accept it, you won't give face and it will hurt the other party's face.

  Theoretically speaking, this is a normal exchange between the royal family. According to the tradition of reciprocity, it will need to be repaid in the future.

  In other words, it becomes a normal courtesy exchange, and it is still the kind that really requires repayment.

  If he had just succeeded to the throne and was in need of cash, Franz would naturally not refuse such a gift.

  Things are different now. There is no shortage of money in your pocket, and accepting gifts is accepting trouble. Not only do you want to express gratitude, but you also need to prepare gifts of comparable value to send back in the future.

  It only went through a circle in my hands, and in the end I didn't get any money. The social impact was not good if it spread out.

  The more he thought about Franz, the more he felt something was wrong. Giving gifts to build relationships was only secondary. It was clear that the royal families of various countries were taking advantage of this opportunity.

  The gifts are nominally given in the name of the royal families of various countries, but the expenses are paid by the governments of various countries. If they are transferred through his hands, they will return to the hands of the royal families of various countries in the future and become legal income.

  After seeing the truth, Franz could only accept it obediently. It can only be said that the emperor cannot escape human relationships.

  There are many royal families in Europe, and not all of them are wealthy, and some are also heavily in debt.

  Mainly due to the clear distinction between private property and state property in the European world. The country's money is not the king's money, and conversely, the king's money has nothing to do with the government.

  The king can use the money from the treasury, but he cannot pocket it himself. In addition to the normal annuity, you can only rely on your own business.

  If it were a big country, the annuity income would be high, and as long as the population was not too large, it would be able to maintain the normal expenses of the royal family. With a little bit of financial acumen, you can live a happy life in your childhood.

  The situation is different in small countries. The government's fiscal revenue is inherently small, so the king's annuity is naturally not much higher, and it is simply not enough to maintain the status of the monarch.

  But the monarch's face cannot be lost. No one cares about how he lives his life behind the scenes, but his dignity must be maintained on the surface.

  If the annuity is not enough, then you will have to find ways to fill the hole yourself. If you manage it properly, that's fine. If you don't know how to manage it, it will be a tragedy.

  As far as Franz knew, seven or eight royal families were borrowing money to survive. It's not that they were extravagant, it was mainly bad luck.

  For example: in the Italian states, except for the pope who was not short of money, the other monarchs were extremely poor.

  This is the fault of the French. During the war, everyone lost their manor land, and because of the restoration, they depleted all their accumulated wealth, and some even owed a lot of debt.

  As for why Franz is so clear, it is naturally: as a creditor, it is difficult to think clearly.

  The Royal Bank has given them extensions and extensions. If it were left on ordinary people, they would have been bankrupted and liquidated long ago.

  In order to make money, these royal families have become the center of the fashion circle. Fortunately, they still know how to respect their identity and have not become spokespersons for luxury goods.

  No one's integrity is much higher. This is a legitimate opportunity to make a fortune. As long as the first family takes the lead, others will naturally follow suit.

  Anyway, the more you give away, the more you will recycle in the future. It doesn’t matter if you don’t want to be generous. It happened to be at the critical point of distribution of benefits after the war. No matter how reluctant governments were, they had no choice but to admit it.

  You can’t give it to everyone else, right? It’s just your family?

  I didn’t look, but there were still a bunch of people outside who wanted to give gifts but couldn’t. One or two of them were almost red-eyed.

  Politics is also about human nature, and as the leader of the world of monarchs, Franz cannot prevent everyone from making a fortune.

  Hello, I am hello, everyone is the foundation for the long-term maintenance of an interest group. It's just a handy job, so if you can help, I'll do it.

  If you study carefully, you will find that the person who appears on the gift list is the protagonist of this spoils-sharing meeting.

  I don’t know how future generations will evaluate it, but Franz knows that through a shady transaction, the relationship between Shinra and European countries has become closer and closer.

  In fact, this was just a small episode before the Vienna Peace Conference. There are also many interest transactions that are constantly taking place here.

  Before the conference even started, the Vienna government had signed out more than a hundred large commercial orders, half of which were arms orders alone.

  The deal had been completed in advance, and when the Vienna Peace Conference started, there wasn't much left to do.

  Apart from the fact that the defeated countries are still suffering and praying for everyone's sympathy, except for the strong dissatisfaction of the Russians, there is basically harmony within the Continental Alliance.

  Franz himself was surprised that a good international conference was turned into sophistication and insider trading.

  But the reality is this. The Holy Roman Empire is the only one. As the second largest empire, the Russian Empire is not only isolated by other countries, but also busy fighting civil war, and has no energy to stab at it.

  Spain, as the third largest country in the world, is really too weak. Not to mention arm wrestling with Shinra, it would be good if it could maintain its status as an empty power.

  Looking at the whole world, there is no one who can fight. Britain, which has some strength, is still a defeated country.

  Under the structure of one dominant family, as long as the Vienna government is willing, it can completely turn the Peace Conference into its own one-spoken hall.

  It is estimated that many countries are now regretting that they should not have been deceived during the anti-French war to allow Shinra to become bigger.

  Unfortunately, there is no regret medicine in this world. The Holy Roman Empire has become a general trend. Only one family is left to make the rules, and everyone can only follow behind.

  Apart from regrets, I guess many countries are still secretly rejoicing: The Vienna government pays attention to food and appearance as always, otherwise it would be impossible to survive.

  (End of chapter)

