Close
The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 855 Persuading Surrender (2)-69 Book Bar
2022-10-19Author : Chen Rui

  Chapter 855 Persuading Surrender (2)

  At this point, Publius felt sad in his heart. He let out a breath, and then said loudly: "Therefore, King Dionia hopes that you will surrender!"

  The venue suddenly became boiling again. , many senators stood up angrily and said to Publius, "The Romans would rather die in battle than surrender!..." and other such words. Of course, some senators were also whispering in frustration, " What? Even Fidenae and Gabi were occupied by the Dionysians?!..." and the like.

  "Isn't the king of Dionia too confident?" Potitus sneered: "Even if what you just said is true, we have not experienced it when the Celtics invaded, and that time The situation was worse than this time, but we won in the end!"

  "The Celtic invasion and the Dionian invasion are completely different. I believe that although you are trapped on the mountain, you should be able to feel it. !" Publius retorted loudly: "The Celts burned, killed, and looted in the Etruscan and Latium regions, causing all races to oppose them, and their atrocities were punished by the gods. Let them be infected with the plague, and they will eventually be defeated by the united Latins led by Camillus, but now -"

  Publius shook his head and pointed his finger at the foot of the mountain outside the palace door: "Not only The Etruscan city-states successively formed alliances with Dionia, and the Latin city-states such as Pliniste and Bonnet also surrendered to Dionia. Almost all Roman civilians in the city became citizens of the Kingdom of Dionia. Except here, the city of Rome has completely become a city in Dionia, and you have become isolated in the Latium region! -" "

  False! Everything you said is false! Dionia is an invader. , the Etruscan and Latin city-states cannot form an alliance with it, they will only be loyal to Rome!" In the turbulent venue, Senator Lucritius shouted hysterically.

  Publius turned to look at him, with only pity in his eyes: "I don't need to lie. You can ask Decimus and Domitius later, and they will tell you the truth. It's time to wake up from your sweet dream!"

  Potitus, Maruginences, Ambustus, Scipio and others looked at each other, and Publius' words confirmed their worries.

  Finally, Potitus coughed slightly and said: "We already know your purpose of coming. We want to discuss this matter. You can go out and wait for our decision."

  Publius bowed and turned around. In the process of walking out of the palace, the faces of his former colleagues no longer had the arrogance of the past, but more of a kind of fear and jealousy. This made him feel indescribable joy in his heart . He raised his head and stepped out forcefully step by step. After entering the palace gate, and leaving the dark apse, he saw Decimus and Domitius being brought into the palace by the guards.

  A few hours later, he was led into the apse again, where Ambustus was the only one left.

  "Have you made your decision?" Publius asked directly.

  "Sit down and talk, Publius." Ambustus did not answer immediately, but pointed to the seat prepared for him next to him.

  Publius was not polite. He sat down and folded his hands on his chest: "Based on my understanding of the Roman Senate, the decision you made must be to refuse to surrender, right?!"

  Ambustus looked at He didn't speak.

  "I am actually very happy to see you not surrendering, because you are all a group of selfish, arrogant and cruel people. It is best to die on this mountain!" Publius said sarcastically, and then changed the subject: " But in addition to you, your family, and other people on this mountain, especially the civilians, they are all lying on the ground so hungry that they can't even make a cry. Do you have the heart to let them join you? Buried with thousands of people! Do you really want the Roman aristocracy to be completely exterminated?!"

  Ambustus twitched his face a few times. He did not respond directly, but said softly: "Publius, Marcus insisted on helping the common people and almost provoked civil strife. The Senate had no choice but to make such a decision-" "

  Facts have proved that Marcus did the right thing. If the Senate had approved his decisions at that time, It is suggested that Roman civilians will not take refuge in Dionia today, and you will not be in such a predicament today!..." Publius loudly vented the dissatisfaction he had held in his heart against the Roman Senate over the years. .

  "Perhaps we have made some wrong decisions over the years..." Ambustus sighed, stared at him, and said in a heavy tone: "As one of the oldest clans in Rome, the Manlius clan has been We have lived here for generations . There are many relatives in your family who are married to you on this mountain. There are people who have given you favors and people who you have helped... Do you have the heart to abandon all of this, including the Zhu whom you have believed in since childhood? Peter and Juno——"

  Publius frowned and interrupted him: "What exactly do you want to say?"

  Ambustus looked at him sincerely and said with a sad expression: "We We underestimated the war with the Dionians. We originally thought that even if they captured Rome, they would be able to take it back as long as Camillus's army returned, so we brought so many people up the mountain, but Listening to what you said, the army led by Camillus has been defeated, so the plan to return to the city of Rome is far away, and our food is already very tight... Oh, the miserable situation of the people, I believe you will know it when you go up the mountain We have seen it. In a few days, they... may starve to death on this mountain because there is no food to eat..."

  At this point, Ambustus's eyes flashed with tears: "You are right, we are Not prepared to surrender, but hoping to allow them to go down the mountain to surrender so that they will not become food for crows..."

  Publius was stunned, and Ambustus' request made him feel very embarrassed: The Dionians It was by besieging the Capitoline Mountains and depriving them of food that they forced the Romans on the mountain to surrender. However, Ambustus hoped that most of the people who had caused their greatest food consumption would be sent down the mountain so that he could continue to hold on. It is impossible for the shrewd King Dionia to let this clever proposal of the Roman senators succeed!

  When Ambustus saw Publius was silent, he immediately put his hands on the ground, bent down, and knocked his forehead heavily on the ground.

  Publius was startled and hurriedly got up to avoid it: "Ambustus, what are you doing?!"

  "Please! Save these your compatriots!" Ambustus begged. .

  "I...it's useless. King Davos will not agree!" Publius shook his head vigorously.

  Ambustus said nothing, but kept lying on the ground.

  If Potitus and Marugineensis did this, it would only have the opposite effect, but Ambustus had a good relationship with Publius in the past. After a long time, he sighed helplessly and finally responded: "Okay, I will try my best to convince King Davos." "

  Thank you, thank you! I thank you on behalf of everyone on the mountain!" Ambustus He sat up and said gratefully.

  "There's no need to mention thank you. Just stop cursing me a few times and I'll be satisfied." Publius said mockingly to himself.

  Ambustus coughed awkwardly.

  "But... don't have too much hope. King Dionia is very dissatisfied with the Roman nobles. Now you have made this suggestion. Even if they are finally allowed to go down the mountain, I am afraid there will be no good results!" Pubu! Lius warned.

  Ambustus smiled bitterly: "There is hope when we are alive, we can't ask for more."

  Publius was silent.

  "By the way, have you seen my little daughter and son-in-law in the city? Are they doing well now?!" Ambustus asked eagerly.

  "Your son-in-law and daughter were imprisoned in their own residence, but they were not harmed. King Davos seemed to be somewhat interested in Stolo, and he even asked him to meet with the captured Minucius yesterday... "

  Minucius was also captured?!" Ambustus was surprised.

  "That's why I came to persuade you to surrender, because you have no hope." Publius took the opportunity to persuade again.

  Ambustus said nothing.

  …………………………………………

  “Is this the condition proposed by those Roman senators?!” Davos looked directly at Publius without anger or displeasure.

  "Yes, Your Majesty." Publius did not dare to make eye contact with Davos. He lowered his head and said respectfully: "After I went up the mountain, I have been patiently persuading them, and even brought some of the soldiers from the previous battles with me. The captured Roman nobles just hope that they can recognize the facts, but they still refuse to compromise... I can only bring back their proposals..." "Thank you for your

  hard work!" Davos praised, and then said calmly Said: "It seems that these stubborn Roman senators still don't give up."

  Publius felt tight and did not dare to answer.

  Davos walked a few steps in the middle of the Senate venue with his hands behind his back, and suddenly asked: "How many Romans are there on the mountain?"

  "About 6,000 people."

  "6,000 people..." Davos pondered for a while, and then Asked: "When the Celts captured the city of Rome, how many people were on the Capitoline Hill?"

  Publius didn't understand why Daves asked this question, and he answered truthfully: " 532 people."

  Davos thought for a moment, turned around to face him, and said decisively: "I agreed to their request and allowed those Romans to go down the mountain, but they can only serve as official slaves of the kingdom, and on the mountain Only 500 people can be retained."

  Henipolis on the side listened and hurriedly persuaded: "Your Majesty, this is a trick of the Romans! They want to-"

  　Thanks to Sniper No. 11 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

  (End of chapter)

Close
The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 856 Marching to the Samnite Mountains-69 Book Bar
2022-10-19Author : Chen Rui

  Chapter 856 Marching to the Samona Mountains
  "Of course I understand what they want." Davos smiled confidently: "They want to become the heroes of Rome again, then I will give them this opportunity and see what their fantasy ends with. Can it be realized?"

  After hearing this, Henepolis immediately lost his worries and wished he could immediately describe this scene as important material for his biography.

  Publius had mixed emotions. On the one hand, he was happy that he had fulfilled his promise and settled his worries. On the other hand, he was also heartbroken by Davos's magnanimity and heroism, not to mention the struggle of the remaining forces of Rome . Have no hope.

  In fact, what they didn't know was that the reason why Davos made this decision was mainly because Davos considered the following factors: First, Capitoline Mountain is located in the city, and there are five or six thousand people on the mountain. If he really starves to death because of running out of food, he is afraid that it will cause a plague, which will bring huge trouble to the Dionysian army during the war, and will not be conducive to the rapid restoration of prosperity of the Roman city ;

  Secondly, the deaths of thousands of people in the city were so tragic that not only Davos himself could not bear it, but it would also make the Romans who had surrendered to Dionia feel miserable, thus affecting the perception of the Kingdom of Dionia. It was conductive to their integration;

  Thirdly, he had learned from Publius before that the families of most of the noble soldiers in Camillus's army were on the Capitoline Mountains. Once he had them, Dai Onia was in a better position to deal with the Roman army that retreated to Satnicum.

  …………………………

  After getting Davos's consent, Publius went up the mountain again, and the two sides quickly reached an agreement.

  The next day, the people on the mountain were sent back down the mountain, and the Roman senators also followed the agreement and allowed a detachment of soldiers from Dionia to enter the mountain to supervise the entire process (mainly to see whether the Roman senators complied with the agreement, leaving only 500 soldiers) people).

  The Roman people who came to the foot of the mountain were escorted (more often supported) by Dionysian soldiers to the designated place and imprisoned. There was sadness on their faces, but more of a sense of relief. After all, the days of starvation were finally over. .

  Roman civilians also came to the square to watch the excitement. When they saw the noble family members that they had envied in the past, now they all looked haggard and in a daze. While they felt happy, they also felt sad.

  Potitus, Marugiressis and other Roman elders, as well as hundreds of remaining Roman citizen soldiers, stood on the top of the cliff, watching their relatives enter the city occupied by the enemy, until the entire Capi The empty silence returned to Torin Mountain again, and they still stood there for a long time like stone statues...

  It took a long time before the coughs of several old senators broke the deathly silence.

  Scipio shouted to the soldiers: "Citizens, we must defend this place with all our strength! Guard our Roman temple! Waiting...waiting for the final arrival of victory!" "

  Roar!!!... "The soldiers roared in unison, and the roar was more tragic.

  ………………………………

  Aquilonria, one of the three major towns of Shirpini (the other two are Beneventum and Abenirum), it It is located more than 50 miles northwest of the city of Venosa in the Pucheti region of the Kingdom of Dionysia (this is only a straight line distance, in fact the walking distance is doubled), and southwest of Asculum in the Dauni region. Less than 50 miles away, it has been used as an advance base for the Shilpini invasion of the Apulian lowlands many times in the past (including this time). It has also benefited from this and has become the most powerful in the southeastern part of the Shilpini territory. The strong tribal joint settlement has also become a powerful barrier to the southwest of the Shirpini tribe.

  Its city is built on a hill with a height of 500 meters, and is surrounded by rolling hills with an average height of about 300 meters. Let attacking alone, it will take a lot of effort for the army to get there.

  Since Alexis was determined to capture Aquilonia, he naturally made careful preparations. He mobilized the light infantry and light armored brigades of the 11th Legion, and then added two heavy infantrymen from the 10th Legion. The brigade and the light armored and light infantry brigade, plus the engineering battalion, medical battalion, supply battalion, and mountain reconnaissance team, have a total of more than 6,000 people, and there is also a large number of pack teams, which can supply the army with more than ten people. Food for the day, and ten Abeni Roma sent by Gairni to serve as guides.

  At dawn, he led his army from Venosa, headed north to the south bank of the Ofanto River, and then marched upstream along the Ofanto Valley. The march went smoothly along the way and was not harassed by the Samnites.

  It is understandable if you think about it. The Samnites were severely damaged in the first two battles, and now they have concentrated their main force to attack the Campania League. How many young and middle-aged people are left in the entire territory who can fight. Therefore, the smooth march of this journey made Alexis even more confident in taking Aquilonia.
  In the afternoon, the Dionysian army arrived at a bend in the upper reaches of the Ofanto River, which happened to be the center of Ofantto. It joins a larger tributary, so the terrain is relatively flat and the area is relatively open. It is also just ten miles due south of Aquilonia. This is why Alexis told Abe in detail before setting off. Guide Nirum selected the campsite after understanding the surrounding terrain, because the north of this river bend also happens to face the narrow lowland between the mountains (the height of this lowland is also tens of meters), through which one can approach A The city of Quelonia is located under the mountains.

  Therefore, he ordered the army to seize the time to build a camp on the south bank of the river bend.

  The soldiers of the entire army immediately began to act quickly according to the division of labor in advance: the engineers surveyed the surrounding terrain and determined the area of ​​the main camp; the soldiers used sickles and axes to cut the weeds and trees in the area, then leveled the ground and built Put up a wooden fence... The most important thing is to burn as much thatch as possible in the swamp area on the shore to smoke out the mosquitoes hiding in it. Fortunately, the Ofanto River is not a big river and rarely floods, so the swamp area in the Reach is very small, but the fire and smoke will definitely attract the attention of the surrounding Samonite tribes, but in order to ensure that the soldiers have adequate rest and Being healthy and having enough strength and energy to cope with the tough battle ahead, Alexis believed it was worth it.

  In order to initially build the camp and lay the foundation for the next attack, Alexis also asked people to light fires around the camp at dusk to illuminate the soldiers' hard work.

  The soldiers also knew that this place was no other place. The terrain was unfamiliar and complex. There were not only wild animals, snakes and insects, but also fierce enemies in the mountains. Therefore, there was no need for the team officers to urge them. They were building the camp regardless of fatigue, because they knew that only by building a good camp , they can sleep well in this dangerous mountain.

  After evening, the camp began to take shape: a wooden fence was built on the outside, and a simple deer camp was built outside the wooden fence. A pieced-together sentry tower was erected inside the wooden fence and at the four corners of the camp. A rectangular tent, these tarpaulins sewn with animal skins are strong and have a large coverage. They can completely cover the space inside the tent. They can not only prevent snake and insect bites, but also protect against wind, frost, rain and snow. Each tent can accommodate a squad of soldiers to rest, just like the army camp in the territory. This allows extremely familiar comrades to relax and sleep quickly in an unfamiliar battlefield environment, and it is also easier for the squad leader to manage.

  One brigade occupies an area in the camp, with a large gap between it and the tent area of ​​another brigade. The six brigade are arranged in a ring, surrounding the medical battalion, engineering battalion, and supply camp (usually because of the supply camp) The pack animals inside have a strong smell and are noisy, so they are often placed on one side of the camp. However, this time because the camp is not perfect and the defense is weak, it is very vulnerable to attack when placed outside the camp. Moreover, when fighting in the mountains, it is difficult to transport food. Pack animals are extremely important). In the center of the camp is the commander's tent. A large brazier stands outside the tent. The continuous burning flame allows the officers and soldiers in the camp to burn fire even in the dark. Find the commander's location.

  While the soldiers were building the camp, Alexis specially arranged for a company to take a full rest. When all the soldiers in the army began to sleep, the company began to stand guard, watch, and patrol the camp in the dark.

  Lacailesis, a native of Messapé, was the flag-bearing hero in the triumphal ceremony of Thurii two years ago and is now a company captain. As the commander of the company on duty tonight, he assigned his four squads to be responsible for standing guard in the four directions of the camp, east, west, north, and south. He also solemnly told the four squad leaders: "Be sure to keep your eyes open and observe what's going on outside the camp. If anything is abnormal, report the situation immediately! If anyone is careless or even lazy to sleep, I will definitely punish him with military law without mercy!"

  After arranging the task, he personally followed the first detachment to patrol the north of the camp, because he knew that there would be people appearing in this direction. Enemy possibilities are high.

  Late at night, the soldiers had already fallen asleep, but there was no silence outside the camp. There were howling wolves in the forest, frogs croaking by the river, birds chirping in the swamp, and various insects in the grass. The sound of singing and gurgling water... This is the most beautiful melody of nature.

  But this harmony will soon be broken. Waterbirds slapped the water in panic, frogs stopped chirping alertly, and noisy footsteps sounded from the other side of the river...

  "Company Captain, there are enemies!" the soldier reminded on the watchtower. .

  "Don't be anxious, first see how many enemies there are!" Rachaelesis said calmly. He couldn't disturb the commander's rest just because there were only a few enemies to harass him. That would only leave Alexis with a lot of trouble. Impression of incompetence.

  　Thanks to Sniper No. 11 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

  (End of chapter)

Close
The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 857 The Night Raid of the Samnites-69 Book Bar
2022-10-19Author : Chen Rui

  Chapter 857: The Night Attack of the Samnites

  Not long after, a figure entered the area illuminated by the torches on the wooden fence of the camp. They were wearing thin clothes, most of them without armor protection, and they were holding javelins or bows and arrows. , wading towards the camp. .. At a glance, there were hundreds of people, and enemies kept coming into the light of the fire.

  Rachaelesis did not dare to neglect and immediately sent soldiers to inform the Chinese army's main account.

  Alexis was not asleep at all. After receiving the news of the enemy attack, he immediately sent two light infantry brigades to reinforce.

  When they gathered together and rushed to the south of the camp, Rachaelesis was leading his detachment of soldiers to protect themselves with long shields, and then fought back with javelins with some difficulty. Many soldiers had spears inserted into their long shields. Holding several javelins .

  Because time was too hasty, the army did not have time to dig trenches and build earthen walls. A simple wooden fence could only act as a barrier and could not give the legionnaires a defensive height. Therefore, when the Samnite people approached the camp within 20 meters, After both sides carried out medium and long-range attacks, the legionnaires lost their defensive advantage. On the contrary, the Samnites relied on their large number of people and used javelins to suppress Lachaelesis and the others. The Samnites archers behind took the opportunity to attack. Rockets were fired from the camp.

  According to the provisions of the "Dionia Military Law", "Field camps should be constructed in accordance with requirements, and the tent area must be more than 20 meters away from the wall." This can not only ensure smooth passage for soldiers during defense , but also avoid being easily attacked by the enemy from a distance.

  Taking into account that the camp did not have a wall, Alexis also increased the distance between the tent area and the wooden fence to 30 meters. However, the Samnite archers were too close to the wooden fence, and the rockets they fired still ignited several tents, causing damage to the camp. There was inevitably some chaos and the soldiers had to get up to put out the fire.

  After 2,000 Dionian light infantry arrived, the situation quickly changed. The Samoni retreated back with dozens of dead and wounded tribesmen, but they did not stay away, but circled the Dionian camp. , making weird roars, attacking the sentries with javelins from time to time, or firing rockets into the camp, disturbing the peace in the camp throughout the night.

  But early the next morning, they all disappeared without a trace.

  The legionnaires were tortured all night, and many of them did not have a good rest. In view of this, Alexis issued an order: All soldiers in the army continued to build the camp. They must dig trenches and build solid earth walls before dusk . Several sentry towers were erected... At the same time, the captains of each group should arrange the rest of the soldiers reasonably to ensure that they have sufficient energy.

  In this regard, the adjutant Umattheus was confused: "Commander, why don't we attack Aquilonia immediately? One more day of delay here will consume one more day's rations, and it will also cause Aquilonia The Nians have time to prepare for defense, which will increase the difficulty of our attack..." "

  Even if Aquilonia is given one more day to prepare, it probably won't have much impact on our attack." Alexis Looking at the vast mountains on the other side of the Ofanto River, there is a profound light in his eyes: Compared with the hasty attack, I am more concerned about the status of the soldiers. They are all from the Apulian region. Although they have fought over the mountains in the military camp training, but have never had the experience of living in the mountains. They need some time to adapt quickly and maintain their physical strength and energy to cope with the difficult battles they may encounter next. "

  "Hard fighting..." Umattheus pondered over these words of unclear meaning.

  At dusk, with the joint efforts of more than 6,000 soldiers, a three-meter-high earthen wall was built outside the camp and outside the wall trenches, so although there were still Samnite attacks that night, the threat to the camp was almost negligible , and the soldiers slept relatively peacefully.

  After dawn, Alexis left 500 heavy infantry to garrison Camp, with 5,500 soldiers and some auxiliary personnel, carrying five days of rations, crossed the Ofanto River, and marched towards the city of Aquilonia.

  Although we were marching in the lowlands among the mountains, this lowland was not low, and The further north you go, the higher the terrain becomes. As the soldiers trek through the rugged mountain roads, what they can see when looking up is the narrow strip of blue sky cut off by the mountains on both sides.

  In order to prevent being ambushed or attacked by the Samnites, Alexis moved the mountains All 100 soldiers of the reconnaissance team spread out and met the large troops on the mountains on both sides, while detecting abnormalities around them.

  Except for the 1,500 heavy infantrymen who did not wear armor and were carried forward on their backs, the other soldiers were all fully armored. Even though they were armed (of course they didn’t have multiple layers of protection on their bodies), even so, before the journey was even halfway through, most of them began to huff and puff.

  Fortunately, it was not that no one had walked on this mountain road. On the contrary, Agui usually Ronians often take this road to the river bends to fish, bathe, draw water, and graze cattle and sheep... Therefore, there are almost no troublesome thorn bushes or rocks on the ground on the mountain road.

  Although It's already June, and the temperature has begun to rise. However, when marching in the mountains, not only does it not feel very hot, but the further you go, the cooler it gets. But for Pucciti and Daoni, who have lived in the Apulian plains since childhood. For the soldiers, marching on this section of the mountain road made them feel like they were suffering: the high, low, and winding mountain roads forced them to walk carefully, which was very exhausting; and the bites of mosquitoes and the constant scraping of trees and weeds were very harmful. It made them feel itchy all over again... The soldiers began to complain.

  However, Lachaelesis was moving forward very focused, holding a fire in his heart. He was attacked by the Samnites the night before. Five people in the company were killed, 12 were injured, and several tents were burned... He has been blaming himself, thinking that he was too late to call for reinforcements, which led to such a bad result. Previously in Asculum and Vinosa In the two battles, the Dionysian army easily won a great victory, which gave him the illusion that the Samnites were easy to deal with.

  But in the attack the night before, the heavy javelins thrown by the Samnites again It was ruthless and accurate. When the long shield was hit from the front, it could penetrate from time to time. This was the main reason for the death and injury of the soldiers. Although Alexis did not criticize him, he secretly made up his mind: he must capture Aqui. Ronya, avenge the dead and injured brothers!
  Therefore, he kept cheering for the soldiers along the way, encouraging them to move forward. He even saw some soldiers falling behind due to fatigue, and he would take the initiative to help them carry their armor.

  Agui Ronia is only ten miles away from the newly built camp of Dionia, but the Dionia army trekked for nearly four hours before finally walking out of the narrow lowlands and entering a small semi-circular valley: in the mountains on the east side There is a shorter mountain with a gentle slope facing west. Different from other lush and lush mountains, there are few trees on the hillside, but there are some houses scattered among the mountains. You can also see dozens of sheep leisurely on the mountain. of eating grass.

  The sharp-eyed soldiers looked up and could vaguely see the wooden wall on the top of the mountain, which was the city of Aquilonia. Although the mountain it was located on was shorter and not steep enough than other mountains, it was still several hundred meters high! The soldiers felt a little scared just looking at this height, let alone attacking the city.

  Alexis first looked at the mountains where the city of Aquilonia was located for a while, and then carefully observed the valley.

  The engineer came over and told him that the floor of the valley was mixed with gravel, but it was still soft.

  "Then let's build a camp." Alexis said lightly.

  But the order was conveyed to the whole army, and the soldiers lamented one after another.

  However, before building the camp, the soldiers had to eat dry food and take a short rest to replenish the energy consumed by the march. Then, under the orders of the team officers, they reluctantly picked up the tools and started digging.

  At this time, the captain of the mountain reconnaissance team ran up to Alexis panting: "Commander, our reconnaissance soldiers saw thousands of Samnites running here from the west on the mountain ridge!"

  Alexis ! When Sis heard the news, not only was he not shocked, but he seemed a little relieved. He asked calmly: "How many people are there exactly? How far are they from here?"

  "Because of the cover of the mountains, the enemy team cannot be seen clearly. The total number of people is estimated to be no less than 5,000. When I came over, they were at least three miles away from here." The investigation team leader estimated and replied.

  Alexis turned and looked to the west of the valley: the mountains there were not only relatively low and easy to climb, but there was also a mountain road leading to the west between the mountains.

  "Your Majesty Commander!" Adjutant Umattheus reminded: "If reinforcements from the Aquilonians arrive, we will be attacked from both sides. We should withdraw to the camp immediately to avoid fighting with an equal number of Samnites in the mountains. !"

  "The Samnites really hid an army in the mountains to lure us into taking the bait!" Alexis showed a sneer and said to his adjutant: "Umattheus, you know this about me. Why has Tian been communicating with Zantiparis, Pollet, and Garni?"

  An idea flashed in Umattheus's mind, and he exclaimed: "Could it be that-"

  "Go and inform the soldiers immediately to stop building the camp. , put on your armor, grab your weapons, and prepare to fight!”

  …………………………………

  In fact, the Samnite coalition gave up its attack on the Dauni region and turned to attack Campania The alliance's approach is not only to avoid the strong and attack the weak, but also to continue to cause trouble for Dionia. It is also a deep realization by several tribal leaders that they can no longer fight the Dionia army on the plains, even if it is just to harass. , but should take advantage of the Samnites themselves and fight them in the mountains.

  However, the Dionian army was very cautious and never marched into the mountains. Therefore, after discussion, they decided to let the coalition forces attack Campania on a large scale, and also wanted to achieve another goal: to cause "the main force of Samonite is in Campania, and the defense in the mountainous area is empty" to the Dionian army in Dauni. "The illusion lured the Dionian army into the mountains.

  　Thanks to Lamperucci and Sniper No. 11 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

  (End of chapter)

Close
The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 858 Siege-69 Book Bar
2022-10-19Author : Chen Rui

  Chapter 858: Surrounding
  Alexis As soon as he led the army into the mountains, he was discovered by Aquilonian spies. The Aquilonians immediately sent their warriors who were best at running long distances in the mountains to the northwest, a distance away. It has more than 100 miles of Kautim.

  Hidden in the territory of Kautini is the remaining military force of the Samonei Tribal Alliance - 7,000 warriors. Its general is none other than Usibik, the leader of the large tribe of Kautini. Yesterday afternoon, he learned that After this news, I was overjoyed , thinking that this was my chance to take revenge.

  Moreover, the Aquilonian messenger anxiously urged again and again, because there were only more than 200 warriors in Aquilonia, and even with the dangerous terrain, they might not be able to resist for long, so Usibik quickly summoned these 7,000 soldiers. A warrior rushed to rescue Aquilolia.

  It was not until noon today that they arrived near the Aquilonian territory.

  The warriors led by Usibik came from each of the four major tribes. They were each led by their own leaders. During the march, the marching formation gradually became scattered, with more than three miles between the head and the tail. By the time the The middle part of Usibik's team climbed up the mountain, its front warriors had already rushed down the valley and directly attacked the Dionian army.

  Seeing this situation, Usibik knew that he could not stop it, so he simply let it attack. While ordering the team in the middle to slow down, waiting for the soldiers from the rear to arrive, he paid attention to the battle situation in front .

  The main attack on the Dionian army was more than 1,000 Hilpini warriors, most of whom were javelinmen. The Shirpini tribe suffered the heaviest losses in this war. These warriors hated the Dionysians, but were also somewhat afraid of them, so after rushing down the hillside, they not only slowed down their advance, And completely dispersed the team, taking advantage of the ups and downs of the hills and the cover of the trees, like a hunting lynx, slowly approaching the Dionian army.

  At this time, the Dionian army occupied a higher place in the valley. 1,500 heavy infantry spread out in a semi-circle, all squatting down and forming a shield formation; behind them were two light infantry The 1,000 archers in the brigade bent their bows and set arrows, watching the approaching enemy; behind the archers, there were 1,000 harpooneers; 1,000 light armored soldiers joined the heavy infantry array to form the eastern defense line. Being wary of enemies who might come down from Aquilonia also made the entire military formation form an oval; the remaining 1,000 light armored soldiers were scattered in the open space in the middle of this oval formation.

  Alexis stood on a rock and could see the approaching enemy through the soldiers arrayed in front. The sight in front of him made him frown slightly, because at this time most of the Samnite warriors had already entered the range of the archers, but they were scattered in twos and threes in a one-mile radius 50 meters away from the front of the military formation. Relying on the cover of mounds, rocks, and trees, the Dionian archers did not dare to fire volleys easily, because the killing effect would only be very low.

  "Notify the two light infantry captains and advise them to let the soldiers attack on their own, but be careful to save arrows and javelins... because today's battle may last for a long time." Alexis issued in an uncertain tone Ordered.

  After the two light infantry captains passed on the order, the archers who had gained autonomy became more focused. They also picked up the bows and arrows hanging under their bodies and pointed them at the area directly in front of them, but they hid. The enemy made them unsure of hitting, so they kept holding back their arrows.

  The Samnite warriors did not continue to approach, because the Dionysian soldiers cleared the area 30 to 40 meters in front of the formation, cut down the overly tall grass and cut down the miscellaneous trees. Due to limited time, some were still retained. There are big trees and large rocks, but the entire field of view has been much wider. In addition, the Dionians are condescending, and further advancement may increase the risk of being shot.

  The two sides suddenly fell into a state of stillness, and the atmosphere became increasingly tense.

  "Captain, why aren't they attacking yet?" A heavy infantryman turned around and asked in a low voice Rakelesis behind him.

  "Calm down!" Rachaelesis reminded in a low voice: "Concentrate! Hide your body and hold the shield tight!"

  The attacks in the previous two nights made Alexis and the team officers aware of Samona The man-weight javelin is so powerful that everyone decided after discussion: When defending in a shield formation, soldiers can insert the lower end of the long shield on the ground , pull down the arm straps on the inside of the long shield with both hands, squat sideways, and try not to touch the shield with their bodies. This is to reduce the damage caused to soldiers after the heavy javelin penetrates the long shield.

  "I know, I know, captain, you've said it many times before." The soldier replied a little impatiently.

  "Attention! The enemy is coming!" Rachaelesis said seriously.

  The soldier hurriedly turned around, exposed his head from above the long shield, and looked out: he saw those small red dots dotted in a green field gradually starting to move in the direction of the military formation.

  Every time the Dionian Legion soldiers participate in military camp training, almost every first event is to stand in formation on the playground and remain silent for at least half an hour. The Samonite warriors obviously did not have any special training in this area. The two sides competed statically for only ten minutes. Some warriors could not bear the pressure. Some warriors left the shelter and began to move forward (because the range of the heavy javelin was Within 30 meters), it naturally attracted other soldiers.

  Immediately afterwards, the Dionian archers began to shoot at the targets they aimed at.

  The Samoni warrior held a small round wooden shield in his left hand to block his head, and held a javelin in his right hand. His bare feet stepped on the uneven grass ground, but he could quickly run out of the zigzag route. , want to get close to the enemy quickly.

  However, the continuous firing of arrows by the Dionysian archers caused a great obstacle to the advancement of the Samnite warriors. Their wooden shields were too small and they had almost no protection. When avoiding the arrows, they only needed a moment to If you stop , there may be several arrows shot from several directions at the same time, making it impossible to avoid.

  In a short period of time, many Samnite warriors fell in the area between 50 meters and 30 meters. When they were about to advance to 30 meters, what greeted them was no longer arrows, but javelins. The thin wooden shield was unable to withstand the astonishingly powerful javelin and was directly shattered.

  Some Samnite warriors luckily escaped the arrows and javelins, and then hurriedly threw the javelins in their hands. Most of them were blocked by the shield array, and a few flew into the array, causing a few screams, but compared to the Samnite warriors, The Monet's own casualties were too slight.

  Therefore, the morale of the Samnites was greatly hit, and the momentum of their attack quickly weakened. At this moment, the horns of the Samnites retreating sounded, and the Samnites warriors whose fighting spirit had been weakened by the groans of their injured companions Quickly retreated 50 meters away from the Dionia army formation.

  But they did not stay away, but looked fiercely at the Dionian soldiers in front, seeming to be ready to attack again at any time. This made the Dionian team officers dare not give orders to let the soldiers pick up arrows and arrows. javelin.

  Usibik came with the troops behind him and joined the leading troops. Since the attack just now caused losses to the Samnites, the leaders of the unified army took the initiative to surround Usibik.

  "The location where the Dionians are located is too open. We can't attack directly like this, otherwise the losses will be huge!"

  "No attack? What about my dozen injured people?! They are still lying on Dionians! They are waiting for our rescue in front of the Nian formation!"

  "I think we might as well go around to the back of the enemy's formation and launch an attack from that side."

  "That won't work! Their light infantry can also move to that side. Go and stop our attack."

  ...

  The leaders were arguing in all directions, and Usibik didn't stop him. He watched them quietly until everyone was red-faced and couldn't come up with a unified opinion.

  An old leader of Shirpini finally couldn't help but asked eagerly: "Usibik, you are the commander of the entire team appointed by the big leaders. Please give me an idea, what should we do?!"

  He The leaders temporarily stopped their arguments and focused their attention on Usibik.

  Usibik then said sternly: "Dear leaders, the Dionians have occupied a favorable terrain, lined up their positions, and are waiting for us to attack. Even if we finally defeat the Dionians with a brave attack, military formation, but the casualties suffered by our people will definitely not be small! The war with the Dionians has been going on so far, and each tribe and tribe has suffered a lot of casualties. We can no longer arbitrarily Let our brave warriors suffer casualties!"

  "Usibik is right!"

  "That's right, no one will die in the battle! Could it be that we brought our tribe here to see off Dioni? Did the demi-humans leave!"

  ...

  Seeing that the leaders were about to quarrel again, Usibik immediately said loudly: "Of course we have to send the Dionians away! Because as long as the Dionians start to retreat, they will We must leave the current favorable terrain and cannot maintain the current formation. However, we can continue to attack them on their retreat, on both sides of the mountain road, and on the mountain ridges, until we finally defeat them! This is what we want Familiar fighting method! The Dionians were finally tricked into the mountains by us and fought in our familiar homeland. We must not let them go!" "

  But what if the Dionians don't retreat?" As soon as the leader said this, he was ridiculed by other leaders: "If they don't retreat, where will they rest at night? With us watching here, they won't dare to build a camp here at all." (End of

  Chapter)

Close
The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 859 Counter-Siege-69 Book Bar
2022-10-19Author : Chen Rui

  Chapter 859 Counter Encirclement

  "Usibik is right, this is our mountainous area. At night, we are the hunting wolves, and the Dionians will only become our prey!" "

  You are right, Let’s do it!”

  The leaders all agreed and finally reached a consensus.

  50 meters away from the Dionian army formation, nearly 7,000 Samoni warriors began to line up in an extremely loose formation around its west and north sides. Some warriors even lay down in the grass. middle.

  Alexis saw this situation in the formation, and had no urge to let the soldiers launch an assault, because he knew that once the soldiers started to charge, these seemingly lazy Samnites would run as fast as rabbits, Lure the soldiers into the mountains and it would be a disaster.

  As a result, the two sides were facing each other face to face with a distance of tens of meters apart, and time was passing by little by little.

  The Samonites were confident, but the Dionian soldiers became more and more panicked as they moved back. After all, this was a strange land for them.

  Each captain asked Alexis for instructions: Do you want to retreat?

  Alexis firmly refused.

  Adjutant Umattheus was standing aside and couldn't help but said: "Commander, this is the first time we have cooperated with the Abenirum people to fight. I feel-"

  "I don't trust the Abenirum people very much." ." Alexis interrupted him and said in a deep voice: "But I trust Paulet more, and what reassures me most is that Zantiparis is here. Since he has agreed to this plan , he will definitely Execute it with all your strength!"

  Umattheus stopped talking. He knew why Alexis said this, because Alexis fought side by side with Pollet in the South Italian War, and more importantly, Alexis Both Lexis and Xantiparis were mercenaries on the expedition to Persia. They had a deep fighting friendship and trusted each other very much.

  However, as the sun in the sky gradually shifted to the west, the surroundings were still calm, and the expression on Alexis's face gradually became serious...

  Finally, he couldn't help but said to Umattheus: "Go quickly Call those Abenirum people!"

  .............................

  The Dionian army always stayed in place, which confused the leaders of Samonai.

  "Aren't these Dionians worried about having no place to sleep when the night comes?" Usibik couldn't help but muttered.

  "Perhaps the Dionians thought we would retreat before night came, so they were competing with us to see who could be more patient." A leader laughed.

  "I think they are waiting for reinforcements from their military camp in the River Bend, but no matter how many Dionians come, it will be dark when they get here, and they will all become our prey by then." Another leader said confidently said .

  Reinforcements? Usibik's heart was moved and he asked the leaders of Shirpini: "What's unusual about Abenirum these days?"

  "Abnormal? They are not like usual. When they see our people, they will bring cattle and sheep." When we rushed to their territory, we sent a group of soldiers to stand on the border to threaten us, but once our soldiers rushed over, these cowards ran away... If we weren't at war with Dionia, we really wanted to Let Chief Lesguk lead us to fight!" A leader from Beneventum said disdainfully.

  Another Shirpini leader understood Usibik's words and said: "Are you suspecting that Abenirum has defected to Dionia? Don't worry, even if Gairni is a bastard, It is impossible for him to throw javelins at his own people, and he also swore an oath in the name of Savoni in front of the high priest, and it is impossible to break it! Besides, the big leader Lesguk specially sent spies to be in Abe every day. Nerom is keeping an eye on the outside of the territory. If there is any abnormality, I'm afraid he would have come to notify us by now."

  "That's right, Usibik, don't worry, even if the Shirpini tribe has conflicts again, they will not fight against each other. Killing." Several Shirpini leaders immediately agreed, and one leader even said sympathetically: "To be honest, the big leader is too harsh on Abenirum. It's indeed not easy."

  The leader of Beneventum looked a little ugly, while Usibik's expression became a little gloomy. He was suspicious: these Shirpini leaders were secretly mocking the card a few days ago. Segovani, the great leader of Utini, used a trick to trap Quinduk and conquer Naconia.

  The atmosphere suddenly became a little quiet. The leaders of the other two tribes saw Usibik's ugly face and were about to say something to resolve the embarrassment.

  Suddenly, a spy hurried down from the mountains to the west: "Everyone... Leaders, it's not good!... An army appeared in the south... There are many, many soldiers, and they are rushing here. Come !"

  The leaders were shocked.

  "Where did the army come from?!" Usibik asked urgently, because the south pointed by the spy did not point to the direction of the Reach, but to the west of the Reach, southwest of this mountain range. , as far as he knew, there were no tribes or towns there.

  "I...I don't know, because what they wear is neither red (the Samonite people often wear red singlets) nor black, but black and yellow." The spy said a little guilty. He was just walking on the mountain ridge at that time. When he saw it from a distance, he hurried over to report it, but did not rush over to investigate carefully.

  "Black and yellow?..." A Shirpini leader suddenly said: "Are they Potentians?"

  Everyone was surprised when they heard this. They all knew that there was a plant in the Lucania area that could be used to make They produce yellow dye, so in the past Lucanian warriors mostly wore yellow uniforms to fight. Could it be them?
  Since the South Italian War, the Potentians have not participated in any battles. The Samnite leaders still have the impression that they plundered the territory of Potentia more than ten years ago and almost killed them. Genocide. Since the Lucania region has been merged into the Kingdom of Dionia, after the war began, not only the leaders of each tribe, but even they subconsciously regarded Potentia as part of Dionia and ignored it. It actually exists independently as a free city.

  Urgent situation! Usibik didn't have time to find out where this army came from. He only knew that it could never be the army of the Samonai Tribal Alliance.

  Now how to do? ! Retreat immediately? ! The anxious Usibik looked at the panicked leaders, then looked at the surrounded Dionian army in front, and realized that he had to make a decision quickly.

  But before he could make up his mind, a loud bugle sounded from the southwest, and then a powerful bugle sounded from the northwest.

  ……………………………………

  “...General, it is impossible for them to hide such a large-scale troop dispatch from our spies. The Garni leader will definitely unite with the Potentians to attack Here -" The guide Abenirum, who was wearing Dionian costumes, was trying hard to explain to Alexis. Suddenly he heard the sound of a bugle from the west, and then heard the sound of a horn again, and his face suddenly changed. Overjoyed: "Here it comes! Our warriors are here!..."

  At this moment, Alexis, who heard the sound of the bugle, did not listen to him anymore, but immediately said to Umattheus: "Go and order the light armored soldiers. Attack! The other brigades will then launch an attack!"

  Umattheus was startled: "Commander, our reinforcements have not arrived yet. Should we wait a little longer?"

  "Wait a little longer, and the enemy will run away!" Alek Sith said without hesitation.

  …………………………………………

  By the time the bugle sounded, the leaders of Samonei had already understood that they had been fooled by the Dionians, and retreat was an undoubted problem, but Such a huge army must retreat in a unified manner, otherwise it will easily turn from retreat to rout, and which direction to retreat is also a problem: there are Dionian troops in the east, and large groups of enemies are coming from the northwest and southwest. , because the mountains to the north are steep and difficult to climb, it seems that only the south is safer, but the south leads to the Ofanto River, who knows if the Dionians have an ambush there?
  The situation was urgent, and the leaders quickly reached an agreement: before the enemy's reinforcements arrived, they should immediately forcefully retreat due west.

  When the leaders were about to quickly run back to their own teams, Dionia's shield formation suddenly opened many gaps, and 2,000 light armored soldiers rushed out, holding leather shield daggers, and killed the Samonite warriors. Come.

  The confrontation between the two sides lasted for more than three hours, especially the Dionians' stance of holding on, which gradually eroded the fighting spirit of the Samoni warriors. Many Samoni warriors were already lying on the ground basking in the sun. , only because he heard the bugle sound from the west, he was called out by his companions. Before he could stretch his body, he saw the Dionian soldiers on the opposite side rushing towards them like hungry beasts, with ferocious faces. The distance of more than 50 meters was too short. Many Samnite soldiers who had been relaxing for a long time had no time to retreat before the Dionian soldiers rushed in front of them.

  It was only then that Alexis asked the bugler to blow the bugle call for attack.

  The attack of the Dionian light armor soldiers disrupted the already loose formation of the Samonite coalition. Some soldiers were retreating, while others were fighting with the Dionian soldiers. The whole scene became a bit chaotic.

  Originally, Usibik wanted to wait for the leaders to organize their troops and retreat together, but now he had no choice but to order the retreat horn to be blown.

  As soon as the horn sounded, the remaining fighting spirit of the Samnite warriors was gone.

  "Run west! Follow me and run west!..." The leaders shouted hysterically, leading the surrounding warriors to retreat towards the mountains behind them. They wanted to take advantage of the fact that the Dionian soldiers were not good at climbing in the mountains. shortcomings to throw off the enemy's pursuit.

  　Thanks to Sniper No. 11 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

  (End of chapter)

Close
The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 860 The Great Victory of Aquilonia-69 Book Bar
2022-10-19Author : Chen Rui

  Chapter 860 The Great Victory of Aquilonia

  Those Samnite warriors who were at the end were naturally easily overtaken and stabbed by the Dionian light armored soldiers.

  Seeing the Samnite army retreating across the board, the Dionian light infantry, which was originally the second line of attack, also took the initiative to break away from the protection of the heavy infantry, spread their legs, ran forward, and soon caught up with the light armored soldiers. At the same time, they also gradually expanded the pursuit net to the east.

  Pollet, who was leading his troops to the foot of the mountains to the west, heard the sound of the attack bugle coming from the east. He felt anxious and loudly issued an order: "Stop forming formations. Get up the mountain immediately and rush over. Surround the Samnites!"

  After giving the order, Pollet remembered Xantiparis beside him, and then asked apologetically: "General Xantiparis, what do you think?"

  The 60-year-old Zantiparis followed this non-stop mountain march and was so tired that his legs were weak. He was supported by two guards. He was panting next to him and forced a smile: "Master Polet... I am completely I agree... with your decision!... However, we have to hurry up... don't lose to them!" As he spoke, he pointed forward with his finger.

  A few hundred meters away, there was a black and red troop climbing up the mountain.

  Pollet's expression immediately changed: "You're right, we can't lose to the Samnites!"

  He immediately ordered the bugler to continue to blow the attack bugle, and asked his men to urge the soldiers to climb the mountains faster.

  The Potentians are also a mountain race, and their ability to cross mountains and ridges is also not weak. The soldiers drew out the Dionian daggers they wore (this was after they received Dionian military training and received permission from the Ministry of Military Affairs, Purchased from the weapons merchant in Dionia), of course, it is not used to kill enemies at this moment, but to cut down various branches and stinging thorns that block the road on the way up the mountain.

  While the soldiers were climbing the mountain quickly, Pollet was also reminded by Zantiparis to let the troops behind extend northward, trying not to leave a large gap between them and the Abenirum army.

  Although the two troops worked hard to climb up as if they were in a competition, it took more than 20 minutes to climb halfway up the mountain. By this time, they could already hear shouts from the other side of the mountain. The sound of fighting became increasingly clear.

  The soldiers immediately cheered up, knowing that the enemy was not far away from them.

  Pollet also hurriedly asked the messenger to inform the soldiers to find a flat place as soon as possible or stop advancing and level the ground on the spot so that they could stand firm.

  Not only the Potentians were doing this, but the Abenirum people were also taking the same measures.

  All the soldiers stopped advancing halfway up the mountain one after another. From a distance, it looked like a winding belt lining these continuous mountains.

  Ten minutes later, the shouts became clearer, mixed with continued exclamations and the sound of branches and leaves rubbing against each other... Although the sight was blocked by the lush woods, the Lucanian soldiers knew that the enemy had turned over. After crossing the ridge, they were rushing towards them.

  Although these mountains look relatively gentle, the slope is actually not small. As the saying goes, "It is easier to go up the mountain than to go down the mountain." But for these mountain races, going down the mountain is much easier than going up the mountain. Before long, Potentia The soldiers saw the enemy.

  It stands to reason that when fighting in the mountains, the side with lower terrain is inherently at a disadvantage, but don't forget that the Samnite army was in retreat, so these defeated soldiers who were running at the front actually slipped down lying down . Perhaps they slipped because they were pushing each other during the flight, or perhaps they thought this method could help them run faster, but when they saw an enemy in front of them, their bodies were covered in bloodstains and buttocks scraped by weeds and branches , and their buttocks were almost shattered. The Samnite warriors did not even have the strength to stand up, and could only shout in horror: "There are enemies! There are enemies!..."

  As a result, they were either stabbed to death by Potentian soldiers or automatically became prisoners.

  Then a large group of defeated soldiers appeared. The Samnite soldiers who ran in front adopted the method of running downright. In order to restrain the inertia and prevent falling, they had to hug the trees from time to time, so they often held the trees in their hands. The weapon could not be saved, either the shield was lost or the spear was thrown away.

  The last wave of defeated troops ran sideways down. Although the speed was slow, they were steady. They also became the main force in attacking Potentia's defense line.

  On the Abenirum side, when they saw their compatriots all over the mountains fleeing in panic from the top of the mountain, the soldiers had mixed emotions, and the same was true for Gairni. But he knew that since the war between Samoni and Dionia, they had lost consecutive battles. Coupled with today's failure, the final defeat of the entire Samoni tribe alliance was inevitable. Abenirum could only follow Dionia closely. Only then could they be reborn after this war, so Gairni only hesitated a little before giving the order to attack.

  The heavy javelins thrown by the soldiers knocked down the Samnite soldiers who were descending the mountain one by one.

  "Oh my God, it's the Abenirum people!"

  "How dare you collude with outsiders and kill your own compatriots, Savoni will definitely punish you!"

  "Abenirum people, we all belong to the Shilpini tribe , for the sake of our fellow tribesmen, please let us go!"

  ...

  Swearing, cursing, and pleading came from the mouths of the defeated soldiers. The expressions of the Abenirum warriors did not change, and they did not stop waving their weapons. The Samnite tribal alliance's blockade, suppression and discrimination against the Abenilum for more than ten years has produced negative results today. The Abenirum people have a deep hatred with other Samnite people. A few words can dissolve this barrier.

  The defeated Samnite troops eventually fought with the Abenirum and Potentia people who intercepted them. In order to escape, they were inspired by the bloody courage and relied on the terrain to suppress the opponent's line and retreat continuously. .

  However, the Potentia-Abenirum front was not broken. After all, Pollet summoned 12,000 soldiers this time, and Guerni also brought 3,000 soldiers, with a total strength of twice that of the opponent. Half.

  What's more, the defeated soldiers were disorganized, poorly equipped, and disorganized. After a fierce attack failed to work, some of the defeated soldiers retreated. After all, although they took advantage of their ability to climb mountains, they left the Dionian pursuers behind. Behind them, but now they are intercepted here by another group of enemies. Once the Dionia pursuers arrive and attack from the front and back, they will have no way to escape, so some defeated soldiers gave up breaking through from the front and turned to the north and south. Escape sideways, trying to bypass the enemy's interception.

  Not long after, the collective retreat of the Samnite coalition turned into a complete rout...

  The three armies of Dionia, Potentia, and Abenirum launched a pursuit at the same time...

  In the end, the Samnite coalition suffered more than 1,500 casualties, more than 3,000 were captured, and more than 1,000 people fled, while Dionia The coalition suffered less than 400 casualties.

  In the joyful atmosphere of victory, Zantiparis, Pollet, and Garni met Alexis who was still in the valley.

  "Zantiparis, it's not too late for you to come." Alexis tactfully expressed his dissatisfaction. You must know that after a long wait, he not only had doubts about whether the reinforcements could arrive, I even feared whether I could successfully bring the troops back to the camp. Looking back now, I am still a little scared.

  "On the way here, we encountered some problems. We did arrive a little late, but it did not affect our final victory-" Zantiparis laughed.

  Gairni took the initiative to take over the conversation and said apologetically: "The reason why we were late was mainly because of me..."

  It turned out that after Abenirum fell to Dionia, the Ministry of Military Affairs originally approved Alexi Sri Lanka's offensive plan is to remove the nail in the waist of Pucetti and Downi - Aquilonia, and connect the Abernirum, Copsa and Aquilonia areas, so that This will allow the entire southern region of Shilpini to be owned by Dionia, which will reduce the defense pressure on the northern border of the kingdom.

  However, during the communication with Gairni, the details about the Samnite tribal alliance that Gairni revealed attracted the attention of the Ministry of Military Affairs. According to the information provided by Gairni and the Samnite coalition forces in the first three battles, (including the previous battle with Cavutini), the staff made detailed calculations and speculated that the number of existing Samnite coalition forces may be more than the more than 10,000 Samnite coalition soldiers who are besieging Naples. Then Where would those thousands of extra Samnite warriors be? Are the Samnites hiding some conspiracy? ...Military Minister Hilos had to think seriously.

  Therefore, after communicating with Alexis through letters, a new attack plan was formed: Alexis still led the eastern troops into the mountains to attack Aquilonia. If the Samnites were indeed unable to reinforce, Then capture Aquilonia directly; if the Samnites really hid thousands of warriors and prepared to lure the Dionysian army to fight in the mountains, then Dionysia also prepared a backup plan.

  This back-up man is Alnirum and Potentia.

  For the joint attack on the Samnite Mountains, Potentia chief Polet reacted very positively. He had already summoned 12,000 soldiers. As for Garni, if it were in the past, he might have hesitated, but the news that the leader of Naconia, Quinduk, was trapped and killed, and that the entire Naconia region was occupied by the Samnite coalition forces, has spread to Azerbaijan. The territory of Benirum, because to the north of Abenirum is Beneventum ruled by Lesguk, to the west it is partially adjacent to the Naconian territory, and to the south it is bordered by the territory of Dionysia (especially (It is close to Copsa), so the Samoni Tribe Alliance's bloody approach that broke the tradition made him highly vigilant and fearful, and also made him determined to follow Dionia to fight against the Samoni Tribe Alliance.

  (End of chapter)

Close
The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 861 Marching West-69 Book Bar
2022-10-19Author : Chen Rui

  Chapter 861 Marching Westward
  Garni took advantage of the Naconia incident and claimed to prevent the invasion of the Samnite coalition. He called the people in the territory and instituted military martial law. However, on the agreed day, only 1,000 people were left. A warrior was stationed in the territory. He took 3,000 warriors and quietly entered the Dionia territory southward, but did not enter the city of Copsa because there were probably spies from the Samoni coalition to the north of the city of Copsa, so Ah Benirum's army hid in the territory of Potentia south of the city of Copsa, met with his troops, and sent some men back to the Samonai Mountains to investigate the enemy's situation.

  Kopsa is located at the uppermost reaches of the Ofanto River and to the south of Lake Konsa. The terrain of the upper reaches of the Ofanto River is somewhat special. In addition to the relatively flat terrain around Kopsa and Lake Konsa, mountains stand towering on the north bank to the east. It is difficult to climb, and the terrain on the south coast is relatively gentle. This is why the Samnite coalition forces gathered in the Copsa area during the South Italian War and invaded Potentia.

  When Alexis led his army into the mountains and camped in the River Bend, he sent a messenger, walked west along the south bank of the Ofanto River, and finally entered the territory of Potentia, notifying the person responsible for coordinating and commanding Potentia. Xantiparis of the coalition of Asia and Abenirum.

  Zantiparis, Pollet, and Garni, who had been carefully observing the enemy's movements, received reports from spies early the next morning: six or seven thousand Samnite warriors appeared in the mountains to the north and were marching southeast.

  They immediately led the 15,000 soldiers northward into the upper reaches of the Ofanto River and advanced eastwards along the south bank.

  Copsa is more than 30 miles away from the Reach. More than four hours later, the army arrived at the west of the Reach. The terrain on the north bank here has become relatively gentle. Just as Zantiparis was about to order the army to cross the Ofanto River, As they entered the North Shore area, Gairny made a suggestion.

  Since he was familiar with the terrain of Aquilonia, he believed that the Dionian army would lure the Samnite coalition into the valley, but their armies rushed to Aquilonia from the south together. The movement was too great and would This caused the Samnite coalition forces to escape earlier from the northwest direction of the valley, which was easier to climb, so he suggested that the Abenirum army go north first and quietly make a large circle to the northwest of Aquilonia. Launch an attack and encircle the Samnite coalition forces together with the Potentian army.

  Pollet expressed his objection to this, but he did not explain the reason and just winked quietly at Zantiparis. In fact, he was worried about the Abenirum people acting alone, fearing that they would tip off the news.

  However, Zantiparis agreed to Galni's suggestion after careful consideration. After all, it would be easy for such a large army to defeat the Samnite coalition, but the Ministry of Military Affairs hoped that if the Samnite really If there are troops left in the mountains, it is best to make full use of this large Potentia-Abenirum coalition before they know it, so as to keep the Samonite force in the mountains as much as possible. Encirclement and annihilation are conducive to the next attack of the Dionia army. Although Zantiparis didn't know much about Gharni, Gharni's suggestion was most in line with the requirements of the Ministry of Military Affairs, so he decided to take the risk.

  Half an hour after the Abenirum army left, the Potentian troops began to cross the river...

  For these reasons, this army arrived nearly an hour late.

  After hearing the explanations of the three people, Alexis' face became slightly brighter. After all, the final result did prove that the actions they took were right, so he looked at the sky intentionally, and then said directly: "We will be there soon. It's dusk, and we should immediately lead the army back to the military camp in the south to let the soldiers who have been fighting for a day have a good rest."

  The three of them all agreed with his opinion. After all, the main force of the Samonite people in the mountains has been completely destroyed. Destroyed, but harassment by small groups of enemies or even sneak attacks by wild beasts may still exist. It will be safer for several troops to camp together. However, it is impossible for such a large army to rush to the Reach and squeeze it into the existing military camp. , you must also simply build a new camp next to it, so hurry up.

  At this time, Zantiparis looked at the mountains to the east and asked: "What are your plans for tomorrow? Capture Aquilonia first? It seems that this city is not easy to attack."

  Alexis curled his lips slightly, although his voice was not loud, his tone was still full of confidence: "In my opinion, with today's victory, even if we do not occupy Aquilonia, it will not have a big impact on the entire war situation . My opinion is, Tomorrow all troops will march directly to Beneventum!"

  After today's observation of Aquilonia, it has been silent, especially when the Samnite coalition forces arrived and surrounded the Dionian army, Aquilonia The army of Nia did not come down the mountain, and took the opportunity to attack Dionia from both sides. Alexis judged that there were not many defenders in Aquilonia.

  "I agree with General Alexis' plan!" Polet, who knew something about the Samnites, expressed his support loudly: "We must use this victory to expand our advantages and not give the Samnites a break. Opportunity, as long as Beneventum is captured , the Shirpinians will be finished! And through Beneventum, we can also directly threaten the central town of the Cavutini - Cavutim!"

  Zanti Paris, of course, agreed, and only Guerney fell into thinking.

  "Is Chief Garni regretting that he should not break away from the Samonai Tribal Alliance?!" Paulet said sarcastically when he saw this.

  Garni came back to his senses and hurriedly explained: "I was wondering if I could persuade Aquilonia to surrender, because among the previously captured Shirpinian warriors, there were many tribesmen from Aquilonia (because It is close to Dauni and Pucetti, and naturally contributed the most in the previous attack on Dauni), and now they have once again witnessed the defeat of the Samnite coalition... I know the leader of Aquilonia, he is a The old guy who doesn't care about friendship and only values ​​​​strength -"

  At this point, Garni gritted his teeth: Before the South-Italian War, the leader of Aquilonia was his father's most loyal supporter. After the South-Italian War, he immediately He turned to Lesguk and gave his full support on the issue against Abenirum .

  "Under the current circumstances, it is very likely that the Aquilonians will choose to surrender." Gairni finally said.

  Being able to persuade Aquilonia to surrender would save a lot of trouble. Of course Alexis would not object. He immediately made a promise: "If Aquilonia is willing to surrender, Dionia can allow it to become a kingdom." Free City."

  This is not because Alexis is arrogant in his opinions, but when the Ministry of Military Affairs briefly informed the five rotating presidents of the attack plan, everyone seriously considered "under the force of force, in the event of Samonite's attack" "Towns demanding submission", given that most towns in the Samnite Mountains have poor environmental conditions and very limited output, directly merging them into the kingdom will consume administrative resources. It is better to let them take care of themselves, such as Aquilonia Located on such a high mountain, transportation is very inconvenient, and they can only rely on grazing to make a living. Most of the Dionysian elders and officials will probably refuse to come here to serve as chief executives and hold public offices.

  "I will send people up the mountain now to persuade them to surrender. When we arrive in the Reach, there will be results." After Gairni finished speaking, he was ready to make arrangements.

  "Wait a minute!" Pollet stopped him and said, "I suggest it's better to take him with you, so as to convince the Aquilonians!"

  He waved his hand, and his men carried a body over.

  Gairni took a closer look and couldn't help but take a breath. He knew the deceased. Usibik, the leader of the large tribe of Cavutim, had a high reputation among the Cavutini tribe and was once a member of the Cavutini tribe. A strong candidate for the Grand Chief, but he voluntarily gave up the competition with Segovani.

  "I heard from the prisoners that he was the commander-in-chief of the Samnite coalition. When they broke through, he rushed to the front and was stabbed to death by my warriors! I want to send the envoy out to take him with him, and let Ah The Quelonians understand their current situation better!" Pollet said loudly, not only promoting his achievements, but also secretly warning Gairni.

  When Gharni was silent, Alexis said: "I think this is a good idea."

  Gharni immediately wiped away the sadness in his heart and said simply: "I will ask my men to carry him up the mountain immediately!"

  ………………………………

  In the evening, the Dionian coalition soldiers were still resting in the river bend. The envoy sent by Gairni brought back more than a dozen hostages given by Aquilonia. , which also included the surrender of Aquilonia, a son of its leader.

  Alexis was overjoyed, and immediately comforted the people of Aquilonia with good words, and promised: after they go to Thurii, Dionia will soon release the previously captured Aquilonian warriors .

  Although the surrender of Aquilonia made the entire southern territory of Shilpini a safe area, Alexis did not relax his vigilance and still ordered the sentries in the camp to strengthen patrols.

  The evening was uneventful.

  The next day, 20,000 people from the Dionysian coalition broke out of camp and marched westward along the south bank of the Ofanto River, first arriving at Kopsa.

  Here, Alexis detached 2,000 soldiers to escort the prisoners and at the same time escort the hostages in Aquilonia back to Thurii. He also discussed the supply and transportation of military rations with Copsa Administrator Xima.

  Zantiparis also left the coalition forces at this moment and continued to rush west to Enona to lead half of the reserve army stationed there again, preparing to show off his talents in the next battle.

  In the afternoon, the Dionian coalition left Copsa, bypassed Lake Kangsa, marched northwest, and entered the territory of Abenirum at dusk.

  ………………………………

  At this time, outside Naples and in the Samnite coalition camp, the leaders of the four major tribes were sitting around in the big tent, all with solemn expressions, because They had just received news that "the troops staying in the mountains had suffered a disastrous defeat."

  　Thanks to Sniper No. 11 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

  (End of chapter)

Close
The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 862 The Decision of the Samnite Tribal Alliance-69 Book Bar
2022-10-19Author : Chen Rui

  Chapter 862 The Decision of the Samnite Tribe Alliance
  "Lesguk, this is what you call a damned trick to lure the enemy! 5000...5000 brave Samnite warriors are gone! And my best friend Usibik...Usibik!..."

  Segovani cursed angrily, but his eyes suddenly turned red: Usibik and he were similar in age, and the two tribes had adjacent territories, and they had played together since childhood. , established a deep friendship, so after the death of Kautini's last big leader , Usibik gave up the competition for the position of big leader and fully supported him, which enabled him to defeat Quinduk and become the new Kawutini. The leader of Utini; and after he was captured, Usibik united with other leaders to withstand Quinduk's pressure to re-elect the leader, actively cooperated with other tribal leaders, and finally rescued him... ...

  Segovani was an anxious, irritable, and vindictive person who was difficult to get close to. He had few friends, but he had a deep friendship with Usibik for decades. When he heard the news of his death, he immediately lost control of his emotions .

  "Lesguk, don't blame Segovani for scolding you. You have been at odds with Gairni for more than ten years, but you didn't pay attention to him and didn't detect the signs of Abenirum's rebellion in time. Regarding this failure , You really have to bear a big responsibility!" Badani, the leader of Pentney, also criticized him. He thought that he was worried about starting a war with Dionia, but he was persuaded by Lesguk, and the war has ended until now. , the coalition forces were defeated one after another, and the Pentney people suffered heavy losses. His dissatisfaction with Lesguk was also increasing.

  "Well, since things have happened, what's the use of blaming each other now! That damn traitor once solemnly swore in front of the high priest, but still betrayed our entire Samnite Alliance. This is the first time in the history of our race Once again, who could have imagined it! Although the plan to lure the enemy was proposed by Lesguk, it was decided upon by our joint discussion. At that time, no one warned us to be careful of Abenirum and Potenti. Asians, we have ignored them..." Kontruk, the leader of Karacheni, lamented. As the oldest of the four leaders, although he has a hot temper, at this moment he knows that guarantees are more needed in times of crisis. The unity of the entire tribe alliance.

  "Now that the Dionian coalition has entered the mountainous area, and it is a huge army, our homeland is being seriously threatened. Next, we must take immediate action to prevent the enemy from further intrusion and protect our territory and People!" Kontruk reminded extremely solemnly.

  "In this case, we have to stop the siege of Naples, which is a pity." Although Badani, the leader of Pentney, said this, there was no look of regret on his face. In these days, the Samnite coalition forces have ravaged Most of the city-states in the Campalia League had no way to deal with Naples, which had a high city wall and thick walls. They attacked several times and lost some soldiers, but there was no hope of breaking through the city wall defenses .

  The siege ability of the Samnite tribe alliance was lackluster. If it weren't for the earlier plan to lure the enemy, the army would have withdrawn. Now that the plan to lure the enemy has been shattered, the other three people have no objections to this.

  "But where are we going to withdraw our troops to meet the enemy? You know, a day ago, the Dionians were still near Aquilonia, and now there is no updated news about them. This is a short distance from Aquilonia It's only 200 miles away. When we lead the army to Aquilonia, I don't know where the Dionians will go." Badani raised an important question.

  "Lesguk, what suggestions do you have?" Kontruk asked. After all, the Dionysian coalition was operating in the territory of Shirpini, and Lesguk should be more familiar with the situation there.

  When he heard the news that "the troops staying in the mountains were defeated," Lesguk was first shocked, then ashamed, and then fearful... Therefore, when Segovani and Badani accused him, he also While thinking hard about how to deal with this crisis, although he was a little angry in his heart, he did not show it. As Kontruk said, he needed the entire tribal alliance to work together to drive away Dai who was raging in Shirpini territory. Onian Allied Forces, he glanced at Segovani who was still grieving, and thought in his heart: I did not find anything unusual about Abenirum, but you occupied the area that is more closely connected with Abenirum. Naconia, which has many close followers in its territory, also did not notice any changes in the Abenirum army.

  Of course, he would not say these words.
  "We should retreat the army to Beneventum! It's not that I have any selfish intentions, but because Abenirum, which is very close to Beneventum, has betrayed Sasha." Monet, in this way, the coalition organized by the Dionysians can successfully pass through Abenirum and attack Beneventum! Once they occupy Beneventum, then Cavutim will also be under great threat——"

  At this point, Lesguk looked at Segovani. He firmly believed that even though the great leader of Cavoutini mourned the death of his best friend in the war, he should understand the loss of Beneventu. What kind of threat would it pose to Cavutini? After all, the two towns were adjacent, only more than ten miles apart, and Cavutini was located on a small plain among the mountains. The terrain was not dangerous, so he believed that Se Govani will eventually support himself.

  "What if the Dionians do not attack Beneventom, but continue to attack north after capturing Aquilonia?" Badani immediately raised his concerns because he was worried about heavy troops The defense of Bereventum left the eastern part of the mountainous area empty of defense. If the Dionysian army went all the way north, it would threaten the territories of Pentney and Karacheni.

  Therefore, Kontruk also expressed concern.

  Lesguk shook his head and said: "The Dionian coalition will not do that, because our army is not only stationed in Beneventum, but can also attack Abenirum. Occupying Abenirum not only protects Ka The security of the Utini territory can also continue to threaten Potentia through it. I am afraid this is what the Dionians are worried about." "

  Lesguk is right, I agree with the withdrawal to Benevento. Mum!" Segovani expressed his support loudly, completely losing the sadness and anger of scolding Lesguk before.

  The leaders of the two most powerful tribes in the alliance have reached an agreement. In fact, Kontruk and Badani have no more choices, not to mention they also think that Lesguk is right.

  While the four were discussing the retreat, Badani couldn't help but said: "In fact, we... can consider a truce with Dionia..."

  The three of them listened and were shocked: with Diony Since the beginning of the war in Asia, the Samoni tribe alliance has suffered successive defeats and suffered heavy losses. Many tribal leaders have complained, and even their own confidence in the war is wavering.

  However, Lesguk was the first to object: "We tore up the alliance, declared war on Dionia, invaded the Dauni region, and plundered the Campania Alliance. These are all serious violations of Dionia. It is a taboo of people that the tough King of Dionia can never negotiate peace with us. He wants to completely eliminate us who continue to cause him trouble, so we can only continue to fight until there is a turning point."

  Lesguk understands: If the Samnite Alliance really surrenders to Dionia, he will be the first victim, because Gairni, who has surrendered to Dionia, will never spare him, so his attitude Very determined.

  "Change? What change?" Badani asked with a slightly gloomy look.

  "Defeat the Dionia in the next battle! Or wait for Dionia to be defeated on other battlefields!" Segovani took over, and he also knew clearly in his heart: If the Samonite Alliance really wants to fight Dionia, If the war in Nia ceases, he will never get good results, because he is the perpetrator who provoked this war, and he also trapped and killed Quinduk, who was supported by Dionia, and killed and arrested so many people. The Naconian people who believe in Hades.

  But he would not say this out, but found a more sufficient reason: "Badani, don't be stupid! Think about the last Tarantum who tore up the covenant and fought against Dionia! Nan! After the Italian War, they surrendered to Dionia and became that kind of free city. As a result, their territory was greatly divided and they could not have their own army. The citizens of the entire city-state were raised like cattle and sheep. Don't you think so? Do you hope that our Samonite Alliance will become the second Tarantum?! Even if we want peace talks, we have to create more trouble for Dionia and force him to take the initiative to negotiate, so that we can gain more during the negotiations. Equal status, make a peace treaty that is more beneficial to us!"

  "Peace talk?! Huh, we are the descendants of Savoni, and we must not succumb to any force! As long as the independence of the alliance cannot be guaranteed, we will fight to the end, even to death. !" Kontruk was the oldest but had the strongest fighting spirit. He shouted to Badani in the tone of an elder: "Show your courage. Your father's soul wandering in the temple of Savoni is still waiting for you to fight for him. Wash away the shame!"

  Faced with the strong opposition of the three leaders, Badani laughed and said: "You are right, the alliance can only fight with Dionia to the end before there will be a way out..."

  Late at night , the messenger from Beneventum rushed to the Samnite camp, bringing the news that "a large army was stationed in the territory of Abenerum", which increased the motivation of the four chiefs to immediately withdraw their troops to Beneventum. Ventum's eagerness.

  ………………………………

  At the same time, a clipper from Enona sailed into the port of Naples in the darkness of night, guided by the light of the lighthouse.

  Not long after, the candles in the Naples Council Hall were lit, and senior officials from Naples, senior executives from the allied countries who had taken refuge, and reinforcements from the alliance's generals arrived one after another.

  (End of chapter)

Close
The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 863 Marching to Beneventum-69 Book Bar
2022-10-19Author : Chen Rui

  Chapter 863 March to Beneventum
  Onosius, the chief general of Naples, held a letter in his left hand and said excitedly: "Everyone, I just received a letter from Adriancus, the administrator of Enona. He Mentioned in the letter, 'Yesterday Alexis, the commander of the Dionian army, led his army into the Samnite Mountains from the east, joined the armies of Potentia and Abenirum, and together they surrounded and annihilated A main force of nearly 7,000 people left by the Samnites in the mountains also forced Aquilonia to surrender'... Today, this 20,000-strong Dionysian coalition has arrived at Abeni Rum, and prepare to launch an attack on Beneventum tomorrow!"

  "Great, our disaster is finally over! Belevin and the others are the central town of Shirpini, and the Samnite coalition forces outside the city We will definitely withdraw and defend our allies' attack with all our strength!"

  "I'm right, the Dionysians have always kept their promises and will definitely come to rescue our Campania. You didn't believe it at that time, but now. ?"

  "Haha, General Aialos, please forgive our ignorance, because we are not like you who have fought side by side with the Dionysian army and have a deeper understanding of them. How could we possibly imagine that Dionysia has done anything to us before?

  "General Onosius, after the Samnites retreat, I hope Naples can immediately send troops to help. " Let's take back Pompeii!"

  "No! You should help us Herculaneum first, we are closest to Naples!"

  "And our Litrum!"

  ...

  After getting this good news, These days, the gloom in the Naples Council has been swept away. While everyone is rejoicing that the disaster is over, they are beginning to argue over their eagerness to rebuild their homes.

  In the days after the Samnite raided the Campania League, they not only besieged Naples, but also divided their armies to attack other Campania League city-states, except for Sorrentome and Anari. Outside of city-states with relatively special geographical locations such as Aenaria and Capeae, many small coastal towns fell one after another, and most of the refugees fled into Naples.

  "Don't worry, everyone." Onosius comforted them and said: "Adriankes mentioned in the letter that General Zantiparis, commander of the Dionian Army stationed in Enona, will lead the army by boat tomorrow. Naples, join our army and recover the lost towns together!"

  Everyone cheered again and praised: Dionia is indeed a good ally who keeps its promise, it is so thoughtful! The presence of the Dionian army makes them more confident in regaining their city-state!
  Then, Onosius added: "The letter also mentioned that when the Samnite army retreats, we hope that we can send troops to harass and hinder it..."

  After hearing this, the hall suddenly returned to silence.

  After a while, the Naples MPs shook their heads and said: "Let us go out of the city to attack the Samnites?! No! No! This is too dangerous! Since the Samnites want to retreat, let them retreat, we don' t It is necessary to risk the lives of citizens!"

  If the Dionian Third Army helped the Campania Alliance defeat the Kautini a few months ago to help the Campanians regain a little fighting spirit, then this time Sa The large-scale attack by the Monai people not only shattered this fighting spirit, but also deepened their fear of this terrible mountain race.

  Of course Onosius was aware of this situation, because he was also one of them, but Aialos argued loudly with them.

  Onosius had to cough a few times and draw everyone's attention back to himself: "I want to draw your attention to the fact that the Samnites are retreating. In order to vent their anger, it is very likely that they will burn down the towns they occupied and burn us. Do we want to stop the farmland?!"

  In fact, this reminder came from Adriankos, who had been the chief executive of Enona for more than two years and had many dealings with the Campanians. Knowing the virtues of the Campanians, they were far inferior to the brave and tenacious Volscians and Herniki, so in his letter he did not say at all that the purpose of harassing the retreating army of Samnite was to let the Albanians Lexis' attack on Beneventum to buy time only emphasized the point.

  Everyone was stunned. Of course, the refugees from other city-states did not allow their homes to be burned down, but the Naples people were more worried about the destruction of their farmland. They had been supplying food to the Dionian Third Army some time ago, and during this period they had to take care of the refugees. The people of the allies, who are short of food in the city of Naples and cannot place their hope in Dionia, which has just experienced a drought, are all looking at this year's autumn harvest.

  Although the Kautini invaded in the past and rarely destroyed farmland because they confidently believed that "the food produced in these farmlands will eventually become their next looting property," but under the current war situation, it is difficult to guarantee that They will not jump over the wall and cause more trouble for the Campania League.

  Therefore, after urgent deliberations, the Naples parliamentarians finally agreed to Adriankos's suggestion.

  ………………………………

  Beneventum, the largest town in the Samnite Tribal Alliance. Although the Samnites are a mountain race, there are still a few people who build towns on top of mountaintops like Aquilonia. More than half of the tribes and tribal alliances live in valleys and mountain depressions. Beneventum is located on a rare large, relatively flat hill surrounded by mountains. Moreover, it is the place where two rivers converge, so it has abundant water sources and fertile land. Among the towns of Samone, Both grazing and planting are the most developed.

  Therefore, Beneventum has always been at the forefront of the Samnite tribe alliance in terms of population and strength. Most of the time, the leaders of the large tribes in its territory are the leaders of the Shilpini tribe. Only a few At that time, the other Shirpini tribes were jealous of Beneventum's wealth and dissatisfied with the arrogance of the Beneventum people, so they made a concerted effort to elect leaders from other regions as tribal chiefs to compete with Beneventum. Benirum is the first choice.

  This town of Shirpini is located about 40 miles south of Beneventum. It is also a hilly area, but its area is much smaller. It also has a river passing through it, but this is not a large Sahara. The Beto River eventually flows into the territory of Beneventum and joins the Volturno River.

  Therefore, the Abenirum people always felt that they were shorter than the Beneventum people, even during the reign of the former Shirpini chief and the outstanding Abenirum chief Velani. The Abenirum people still felt a little lacking in confidence, and for more than ten years they continued to endure the oppression and humiliation of the Beneventum people.

  It was not until early this morning that the Dionian coalition forces left Abenirum and began to march towards the territory of Beneventum. Abenirum was happy to bid farewell to them, thinking that the day for their revenge had finally arrived.

  3,500 Abenirum warriors walked at the front with their heads high, followed by 6,000 legionnaires from Dionia in the middle, followed by 12,000 soldiers from Potentia, not counting Dionia's engineering battalion. , medical battalion, mountain reconnaissance team, and the delayed baggage team... Its combat troops reached 21,500 people. They lined up in a line of more than ten miles long, marching north along the Sabato River.

  After leaving the Abenirum territory, enemies began to appear in the mountains and forests on both sides of the river. Although they were small in number, they were condescending and threw javelins and arrows at the Dionian coalition marching in the valley. , and even pushed rocks from the mountains into the river to hinder the march of the entire team.

  Seeing this situation, Alexis discussed with Garni and Pollet, and each of them sent 1,000 soldiers to leave the river bank and march in the mountains and forests on both sides. At the same time, they drove away the invading enemies to protect the middle. Large army. While the main force was marching in the river valley, it also cleared rocks and broken trees blocking the road from time to time.

  When the sun reached the middle of the sky, the winding river suddenly straightened, and the mountains standing between the river not only became shorter, but also consciously retreated a mile away. The soldiers' sight was no longer blocked by the leafy trees. Blocked by towering trees, what comes into view is the flat land on both sides of the river, green grass, whistling small trees... The Dionysian coalition has entered the territory of Beneventum.

  The terrain here is somewhat special. Two rows of rolling hills running from north to south are like two parallel lines, guarding the Sabato River and extending forward. Between the hills is a flat grassland about two miles wide, and in the center of the grass flows a wide The Sabato River is only twenty meters deep and the water is only knee-deep.

  The leading troops of the coalition stopped marching here, and the Abenirum soldiers who had been trekking for half a day began to eat to replenish their physical strength while waiting for the troops behind to arrive and join them.

  "Five or six miles further ahead is the city of Beneventum." Garni pointed ahead and said to Alexis and Pollet, who came one after another: "In the past, this land in front was covered with Beneventum. The settlements of various tribes in Neventum have now been evacuated..."

  Garni introduced the situation of the Beneventum territory, but he couldn't help but sigh in his heart: In fact, he felt so sorry for Beneventum. Most of his impressions were still from more than ten years ago. After the South-Italian War, his relationship with Lesguk was at loggerheads and they eventually became sworn enemies. The only time he visited Beneventum was when the tribal alliance was held here. The high priest, if it weren't for the support of the Dionysian envoy, he would have been almost punished by the Samnite priests. He came and left in fear, how could he still be in the mood to pay attention to the changes in the Beneventum territory? What he is introducing now is all from the intelligence collected by his subordinates over the years, and now he is leading his troops to completely wash away the humiliation of the past and remove the shadows buried in his heart.

  　Thanks to Thirteen Cats, Wuji 104, and Sniper No. 11 for the rewards! Your support is my motivation to write! !

  (End of chapter)

Close
The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 864 The Siege of Beneventum-69 Book Bar
2022-10-19Author : Chen Rui

  Chapter 864 Siege of Beneventum

  After listening to this, Pollet turned to Alexis and asked: "It seems that the people of Beneventum are already prepared. Do we need to start camping here?" "

  This is a short distance from Beneventum. The city of Neventum is too far away to oppress them." Alexis observed the terrain ahead intently.

  Then, he pointed to the long row of hills on the west side that seemed to be about a hundred meters high, and asked: "How far is the mountain road connecting Kautim and Beneventum from here?"

  "It's hard to say, there are several mountains in between." Gairni thought for a while, shook his head, unable to give a specific number.

  Alexis pointed to the lower hills on the east side and asked: "Climb over them, the terrain to the east should be flatter, right?"

  "Yes, General Alexis, you I remember clearly that from this hill all the way east to the Volturno River, although there are some small hills, the terrain is relatively flat." Gairni replied.

  Alexis asked the adjutant to bring a simple map of Samona drawn based on the information provided by Gairni and others. While consulting Gairni, he compared the real landforms with the map.

  He thought for a long time before making up his mind and said: "After we march three miles further, we will start building a camp. Chief Garni, lead your soldiers to camp in this valley to protect our food transport." Passage."

  Gairni heard this, breathed a sigh of relief, and immediately expressed his stance: "Don't worry, we will guard this place tightly, and even an enemy will not be able to slip through here!"

  For the soldiers of Abenirum In other words, the Sabato River is not only a food transportation channel, but also the only way from Beneventum to their homeland. And now that the Abenirum territory is empty of troops, the troops Gairni mentioned will certainly come out . Guard this place with 200% of your energy.

  This was exactly what Alexis intended, and then he pointed at the map and said: "Chief Polet, your army's camp extends from the south bank of the Volturno River to this side, and our Dioni A's military camp is in the middle of your two camps.”

  Alexis's arrangement was based on the fact that Abenirum and Potentia had a grudge more than ten years ago, and it was their first time to fight together. There is still a lack of cooperation between them. Zantiparis specifically reminded him before, and Abenirum has few soldiers, Potentia warriors lack combat experience, and the Dionia camp is located in the middle, which can take care of both sides; at the same time, After the camp is built, it will occupy two rivers, which will not only provide convenient drinking water, but will also cause great pressure on the city of Beneventum.

  "I have no objection, but I hope the general can send someone to guide us in building the camp." Pollet has participated in the military training of Dionia. He knows very well that the Dionia army has in-depth research on building camps. In order to ensure that the soldiers The camp was safe, he asked shamelessly.

  Before Alexis could respond, Gairni, who was reminded, immediately said: "We also hope that the general can send people to help build the camp."

  Although Gairni has not participated in the military training of Deoria, he I have visited the military camp in Turiyi many times and watched the training of Dionian citizens, so I also know something about it. Moreover, he considered that Abenirum had the smallest number of warriors and had to build camps and defend against enemy raids. In fact, he needed the help of allies even more.

  "Of course there is no problem, I will definitely help with all my strength!" Alexis was very happy that the two of them had such a request, because it would make it easier for him to unify the planning of the entire camp and allocate reasonably manpower.

  After the three reached an agreement, Garni led the army straight north, while Alexis and Pollet led their troops over the eastern hills and headed northeast.

  Yesterday evening, after the Samnite coalition camp received the news that the Dionian army had entered the Abenirum territory, Lesguk could not wait for other tribal armies to withdraw due to concerns about the safety of Beneventum. , led more than 3,000 Shirpini warriors that night, Regardless of fatigue, withdrew to Abela, and set out early the next morning, marched quickly, and entered the city of Beneventum at noon.

  There were originally 1,000 soldiers stationed in the city of Beneventum. It was originally to guard against the Abenirum people in the south. After Lesguk led his team back, the total number of soldiers in the city reached more than 4,000. He also heard about other tribes. The soldiers will arrive soon, and the people's confidence will immediately increase.

  Lesguk was not satisfied with just waiting for defense. After learning the enemy's movements through the spies sent out, he immediately led the 1,000 soldiers originally stationed in the city (the other soldiers needed a good rest due to continuous rapid marches) In order to restore their physical strength), they quietly circled into the mountains to the east and raided the Abenirum people three miles south of the city of Beneventum.

  As the commander of the Dionysian coalition, Alexis led his army in an unfamiliar mountainous area. Of course, he would not lose his vigilance, but would be more cautious. He repeatedly requested: Regardless of whether Abenirum or Potenti The runner-up army must allocate half of its troops to defend the camp being built.

  Therefore, Lesguk's surprise attack failed and quickly turned into a battle between Bereventum and Abenirum warriors. The two sides first threw javelins at each other and then fought with spears. The number of soldiers he led was small, but they had plenty of physical strength and had some advantages.

  But as 1,000 Dionian light infantry came from the east for reinforcements, Lesguk could only retreat.

  But he did not give up. He sent 2,000 warriors who were repairing in the city to harass the Potentians from the east. While attracting the attention of the Dionian army, he once again personally led 2,000 warriors directly to the Sabato Valley to attack Abenirum people.

  However, the number of people used by the Dionian coalition for defense was more than twice the number of existing warriors in Beneventum City. After Alexis discovered that the Abenirum side seemed to be the target of the enemy's key attack, Simply let a light infantry brigade be stationed in front of the Abenirum camp.

  Beneventum's attack failed to cause much trouble to the Abenirum army. Instead, it caused some casualties. For Beneventum, which lacked troops, the life of every soldier was precious. , Lesguk could only lead his team back in anger.

  Unexpectedly, as soon as he returned to the city, he received an urgent report from his men: Thousands of enemies were approaching the city of Beneventum from the east.

  This made Lesguk feel nervous. He immediately gathered the soldiers in the city and led them to the city for defense.

  Alexis led a heavy infantry brigade and 3,000 Potentian warriors to approach the city of Beneventum.

  Looking at the seven-meter-high stone wall a hundred meters away, Alexis recalled some of the information about the city provided by Garni: "A dozen years ago, the city of Beneventum was just a wooden city. , and the simple wooden fence around it is often damaged. It is only used to prevent wild animals, not enemies. Because there are few civil wars among the Samnite tribes, and foreign enemies have never threatened the mountains. So they never worried about the security of their homeland.

  But after the powerful Kingdom of Dionia emerged in the south, the situation changed. The Samoni tribe coalition was defeated and humiliatedly surrendered to it. Even Dionysia The Asians also interfered in the internal affairs of the Samnites, causing the conflict between Beneventum and Abenirum. Therefore, the deeply disturbed chief Lescuk repeatedly called for the rebuilding of a strong fortress at rallies. The city of Beneventum was built to resist possible foreign invasion. The tribal leaders of Beneventum, who were equally uneasy, finally agreed to his suggestion. The

  Shirpinians had no experience in building stone cities, so Lesguk specially built the city. Many Campanian slaves who were good at building the city were borrowed from Cavutim. Not only did they complete the planning of the new city, they also found good building stones on the north bank of the Volturno River, which is very close to the new city. After 6 After a long period of years, with the joint efforts of all the tribesmen in Beneventum, the new city of Beneventum was finally built. Lesguk soon invited the priests of the Samnite tribe alliance in the name of celebrating the new city. The sacrificial ceremony was held in Beneventum, which triggered a series of events that followed..."

  Of course, in Gairni's narrative, there was nothing good to say about Lescuq and other tribes in Beneventum, and there were also He accused Lesguk, who proposed to build a new city, of having already planned to go against Dionia. At the same time, he also mentioned a detail: “The city drawings designed by slaves in Campania included the concept of an acropolis, which interested the Beneventum people so much that they simply built an acropolis on the east side parallel to the Sabato River. The end of this series of hills is included in the city, and the area of ​​​​this hill accounts for half of the area of ​​​​Beneventum, and an inner city was built on the top of the mountain."

  Since then, the north of Beneventum has There is the Volturno River as a barrier, the Sabato River flowing in front of the city in the west, the hills in the south as a barrier, and only the east side is relatively flat... This is why Alexis led his team to attack from here.

  Alexis looked past the seven-meter-high stone wall and looked at the hill that rose up in the city from south to north and blocked his sight. It was at least thirty meters high. There were no lush trees on it, only The densely packed houses and another stone wall on the top of the mountain... This was one of the reasons why he did not rashly issue an order for the 20,000 coalition soldiers who had made the arduous journey to get here to attack the city immediately.

  "Commander, the ballistas have been deployed."

  "Fire." Alexis gave the order. A moment later, ten whistling bullets hit the city wall. The loud sound made the Shirpini soldiers scream in surprise. call.

  The deterrence of the army led by Alexis against the city of Beneventum caused Lesguk to lead the main force to confront it in the city, thereby reducing the harassment of the Dionian coalition troops building camps.

  　Thanks to Sniper No. 11 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

  (End of chapter)

