Close
Holy Roman Empire-949. Chapter 930 Britain's Choice-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 930: Britain's Choice

  While the Japanese government was hesitant, the negotiations between Britain and France also entered a critical moment. The French, who were strategically passive, no longer had the confidence to negotiate terms and had to make substantial concessions to the British.

  It should be a gratifying thing that the negotiations are developing in a direction beneficial to Britain, but Prime Minister Gladstone is not happy now.

  "Is the African battlefield really irreversible?"

  If you walk too much on the "night road", you will eventually encounter ghosts. Britain's continental balancing policy, which has lasted for many years, has now revealed a fatal flaw and is about to collapse.

  There was no way. The performance of the arrogant French on the battlefield was far less than their usual clamor, which caused the London government to make a strategic misjudgment.

  Whether he was willing to accept it or not, Gladstone had to admit that the rival French army of the past no longer existed, and France without Napoleon had lost its ability to defeat the European continent.

  As the war progresses, the French army is still unable to break through on the European continent, and the African continent is being defeated by Austria. The situation is becoming increasingly unfavorable to France.

  "From a military point of view, the fall of French Africa is only a matter of time. The Austrians have already taken the strategic initiative.

  If the situation was not irreversible, the proud French would not bow to us so easily."

  Secretary of Army Rosario mocked road.

  The relationship between Britain and France has always been disharmonious, especially for the British Army. France is their eternal pain.

  If Britain had not been driven out of Europe by the French, Britain would not have become a pure sea power country, and they would not have been reduced to the point where they could only serve as the navy's little brother.

  Looking at the gloating Minister of War, Gladstone frowned. Watching the French suffer misfortune is certainly a joyful thing, but the price is that Austria has to become a dominant family, which is not good.

  If you open the map, you will know that once Egypt falls into the hands of Austria, a giant spanning Asia, Africa and Europe will appear.

  In this era of colonial empires where the jungle cannibalize the strong, such a giant would definitely not sleep peacefully there.

  Originally, Austria was the only one on the African continent, and Britain, together with France, Portugal, Spain and other colonial empires, could barely compete with them.

  If France is driven out, British Africa will surely become Austria's next target. With the loss of British Africa, Britain's royal road to India was blocked.

  Prime Minister Gladstone dare not continue to imagine what will happen next. In short, allowing Austria to gain hegemony over Europe and monopolize Africa would be an absolute disaster for Britain.

  "The current situation is very bad. The damn Gallic idiot has lost his ancestral bravery and is only left with the ability to brag. What's even worse is that we can't watch this idiot fail. Once

  Egypt falls into the hands of Austria, The anti-French alliance can take advantage of its absolute superiority in manpower and material resources to directly kill the French. Even Napoleon's resurrection cannot save the situation. It doesn't matter if the

  French are defeated. The key is that we cannot let Austria win easily. If we don't take advantage of this war, If they consume a lot of their strength, we won't be able to live a good life in the future. "

  From a personal emotional point of view, Gladstone did not want to support the French, but there was no way. Who made the French army in Egypt fail again? Woolen cloth?

  Just two days ago, the Suez defense line that the French worked so hard to build collapsed, and the war has burned into the hinterland of Egypt. Without help from the French, French Egypt will change hands.

  Britain could not afford the consequences of Austria taking control of Egypt, and the British government had to step in to help the French.

  Rosario shook his head: "Your Excellency Prime Minister, the current situation is indeed very bad, but we also have to face reality.

  Austria's advantage on the African continent is too great. Unless the French can deploy millions of main troops to the African battlefield, they must Otherwise, it will be impossible to reverse the situation.

  Of course, this is just a purely military analysis. If changes occur in other aspects, such as supply problems for the Austrian African Corps, or a revolution breaks out, the situation will be different."

  Colonialization Minister Primrose immediately objected: "Your Excellency, such a change is almost impossible to happen. According to the intelligence collected by the African colonial government, the Vienna government shipped a large amount of strategic materials to Austrian Africa before the war.

  What is the specific amount? It's not certain for now, but they will definitely not have any logistical problems for a while. If the French hold on a little harder and stick to Egypt for a year or two, they might still have a chance to see it.

  It would be even more unreasonable to expect a revolution to break out in Austrian Africa. It’s reliable. You must know that the main force of Austria’s colonization of Africa was nobles and farmers, which were different from the descendants of the criminals in the New World. According to the

  intelligence coming from Africa, and with an order from the Vienna Palace, these guys happily joined the war. Without any reluctance."

  This is a fact. If Austrian Africa was instigated for independence, the British would have done it long ago. No, to be precise, I have already done it, but it ended in failure.

  There are also prerequisites for independence. Unlike the exiled criminals, most of the immigrants from Austria came there on their own initiative and have a much stronger sense of belonging to the country.

  In particular, Austria is still promoting the localization process in Africa, which gives vested interests no reason to rebel. If you want to replicate the American independence movement in Africa, there is no mass base at all.

  After all, the thirteen states in North America seemed to be colonies of the British, but most of the immigrants came from Europe and lacked a sense of belonging to Britain.

  There are only a small number of pure English immigrants, less than one-tenth of the total population. However, most of these guys are exiled criminals. It is better not to hate England. Expecting them to take the initiative to maintain British colonial rule is simply in vain. dream.

  They were alienated from Britain. After the conflict of interests, the capitalists raised their arms and the people naturally rushed to respond.

  Something similar would simply not work in Austrian Africa. Commodity dumping does exist, but it is a pity that the capitalists in Austria and Africa are not powerful and have no right to speak at all.

  The powerful nobles and farmers are mainly engaged in mining and plantation, and they don't care about the dumping of industrial products at all, or in other words, everyone doesn't think they are being dumped at all.

  Industrial products are not created out of thin air. Industrial raw materials also need to be purchased. Everyone happens to be a producer of industrial raw materials.

  While transporting industrial raw materials to the country and enjoying cheap domestically produced industrial and commercial products, everyone's life is no longer comfortable.

  If they really become independent and initiate anti-dumping, they will be the biggest victims. Not only do we have to pay for industrialization, but even the income from growing cash crops will be significantly reduced.

  For details, please refer to the group of farmers in the Confederate States of America. In order to resist the trade protection policies of the North, everyone can jump out and fight for independence.

  When the capitalists dared to make trouble, they did not need the intervention of the Vienna government. The nobles and farmers, as vested interests, suppressed them first.

  Foreign Secretary George echoed: "I can prove this. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs also instigated the independence movement in Austrian Africa and even supported several independent organizations. However, these guys have not become successful.

  Austria's development of mining and plantation economies in Africa , directly tied the vested interests to the mainland. It is simply unrealistic to disintegrate Austrian Africa from within.

  Judging from the current situation, unless the French win the European War, it is only a matter of time before Egypt falls.

  Of course, we Directly sending troops to intervene may be able to hinder Austria's actions, but the interests involved are too great."

  Sending troops to intervene is a joke. The main force of Britain's pocket-sized army is still fighting fiercely with the Russians in Afghanistan. With only the colonial troops in British Africa, they can only do so much when sent out.

  After hesitating for a moment, Prime Minister Gladstone said slowly: "The international situation is about to get out of control. We must end the war with the Russians as soon as possible to cope with the next changes. The

  war in Afghanistan has reached this point and there is no way to continue. Meaning. At this time, the Russians are also riding a tiger, sending them a peace signal. Presumably the tsarist government will not choose to die.

  After all, the emergence of a giant across Asia, Africa and Europe threatens not only our interests, but also our interests. It threatened their interests."

  In the early days of the Anglo-Russian war in Afghanistan, it was indeed because of interests, and the war was fought so fiercely. Unfortunately, the cruel reality tells them that this is a war of attrition with no end in sight. If they fight to the end, both sides will lose.

  As the international situation changed, Britain and Russia, who were tired of fighting, invariably reduced the intensity of the war, and the melon-eating masses watched the excitement of France and Austria.

  Perhaps in order to reassure France and Austria about their bold PK, Britain and Russia, which were supposed to stop, chose to continue this war game with a very tacit understanding.

  Even though it is a game, it still kills people. Neither the British army nor the Russian army gave up their intention to kill each other. If they showed any flaws, they would be chased and beaten by the enemy.

  In a sense, such a war of attrition is also beneficial to Britain. The British government has enough financial resources to bring down the Russians. Moreover, British India would only be safe if the Tsarist government truly felt pain.

  Unfortunately, there is no such thing as the best of both worlds. In order to contain the growing Austria, Gladstone could only give up the "Bear Bloodletting Plan" first.

  Foreign Secretary George reminded: "Your Excellency Prime Minister, it is not difficult to cease the war with the Russians now, but it is very difficult to cease the war as we expected.

  At present, the Russian army still controls three-quarters of the territory in Afghanistan. Due to the greed of the Tsarist government, there is almost no hope of getting back the land we did not get on the battlefield at the negotiation table.

  The contradiction between us and the Russians is too deep, and the Austrians are acting as troublemakers. This time I'm afraid the armistice negotiations will not go smoothly.

  Judging from the current situation, French Egypt will not be able to sustain it for long. If the French army cannot make a breakthrough on the European continent, it will be an established fact that Austria will occupy Egypt.

  The Russians do not want to see Austria do However, after all, Russia and Austria are traditional allies, and the Tsarist government cannot fall out with Austria for no reason. They will most likely choose neutrality on the Egyptian issue.

  Next, if they want to force the Austrians to make concessions and spit out and eat the Egyptian region, the only one they can rely on is France. People and ourselves.

  However, we must both use the French and restrict the French. We cannot let the French take advantage of the opportunity to become bigger. This requires a very troublesome work.

  To do this, we need more allies. Best It is to be able to unite European countries to intervene and solve problems through diplomatic means."

  Limited by the European continental balancing policy, the British government's diplomacy during this European continental war has always been timid, for fear that an improper operation would create a continental hegemon.

  There is no way, the international situation is changing too fast. Britain's enemies have been changing. First it was the Russians who jumped out on their own, then the ambitious French. Before they knew it, Austria appeared again.

  It is necessary to suppress, but not to suppress too hard. It is necessary to maintain a fragile balance and keep the London government exhausted.

  In a sense, Britain's continental balance policy has had problems since the outbreak of the European War, and has been unable to keep up with changes in the international situation.

  Everyone knows the problem. Unfortunately, Britain is an island country, and it is inherently determined that they have no better choice. Only by maintaining the balance of the European continent can they maintain their hegemony.

  Gladstone nodded and looked out the window: "It is indeed very troublesome, but no matter how troublesome it is, we must do it. This is our responsibility.

  Moreover, while maintaining the balance of the European continent, we must also find ways to weaken Fao The strength of the two countries cannot allow them to continue to grow."

  ...

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-950.Chapter 931 Everyone has their own plans-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 931 Everyone has their own plans.

  In St. Petersburg, after receiving the peace signal from the British, Alexander III sighed helplessly.

  This war in Afghanistan can be described as an antilimax. For the Russian Empire, it started off as a champion but almost achieved a bronze medal in the end.

  At the beginning, with the cooperation of the Afghan guerrillas, the Russian army defeated the British all the way. Unfortunately, the road in Afghanistan was not smooth. As the front continued to advance, the Russian army's logistical pressure became increasing.

  Coupled with the continuous arrival of British reinforcements, the Russian army lost its strength advantage and the situation on the battlefield gradually changed.

  By now, the war in Afghanistan has evolved into a war of attrition. Facing the wealthy and powerful British, the poor Tsarist government was obviously unable to withstand it.

  It seems that the Russian army has the upper hand in the Afghan battlefield, but in fact the Tsarist government is also in trouble.

  As the war continues, the Russian army has paid nearly half a million casualties and billions of rubles in war expenses. However, the legendary India is still elusive.

  The casualties were only a minor problem. After all, they recovered Central Asia and occupied three-quarters of Afghanistan. The exchange ratio between the two sides even reached an astonishing 1.1:3.7, which can be said to be the best record of the Russian army in the past fifty years.

  Of course, this is the record of the Central Asian Khanate and the Indian colonial army. Simply competing against the main force of the British army, the Russian army still cannot take much advantage.

  It doesn't matter if there is moisture, it does not affect the tsarist government's use of it for political propaganda. In short, the performance of the Russian army on the battlefield has been explained to all aspects.

  What troubled Alexander III was finances. Since he succeeded to the throne, all the wealth accumulated by the tsarist government had been invested in it, and he also owed huge debts. More importantly, he had not been able to enter India.

  If the Russian army has already invaded India, then Alexander III will continue the war even if he sells iron.

  Unfortunately, there is no such thing as reality, and the British have already reacted. In addition to the hundreds of thousands of main troops sent from the mainland, there are also two million Indian colonial troops ready to attack.

  According to the intelligence coming from the front, the main force of the British army rarely came out for decisive battles. Most of the time, they were supervising the battle from the rear, using the colonial troops to entangle the Russian army. The British generals did not even care about casualties at all.

  If this pace continues, it is likely that the British will not admit defeat until all the Indians die.

  No matter how worthless the gray animals were, they were still more expensive than the colonial natives. No matter what the exchange ratio is, the Russian army will suffer. After all, there are 300 million Indians on the opposite side.

  "Get ready to negotiate with the British!"

  After making this decision, Alexander III felt depressed. The Russian Empire's closest opportunity to India was missed.

  "Yes!"

  "Your Majesty, should we inform the Austrians? After all..."

  Before Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez could finish speaking, Alexander III interrupted: "You can decide what to do! Anyway, the British are now We don't want to fight, and we don't have the ability to fight."

  After saying that, Alexander III turned and left.

  There is no doubt that the Russian Empire is not incapable of continuing this war. After all, there are Austrian wet nurses behind to replenish blood, and it can still hold on for a while.

  The key is that without being able to capture India, continuing this war to hold back the British will only benefit Austria, which is advancing rapidly on the African continent, and is not in the interests of the Russian Empire.

  No matter how good your allies are, they cannot resist the temptation of interests.

  According to the prior agreement, the Vienna government supported the Tsarist government in occupying India in exchange for Russia's support for Austria's dominance of Africa. After the war, the two countries shared continental hegemony.

  The Tsarist government is now defrauding its teammates by having an armistice with the British. But there is no way. The Tsarist government has determined that it cannot win India, so it cannot let Austria dominate Africa.

  Otherwise, the strength of the two countries will further increase after the war. In this age of the jungle, once there is an imbalance of power, the so-called shared European hegemony will be a joke.

  Alexander III's political mind was still very bright. He knew the importance of the Russian-Austrian alliance. In order to reduce the political influence, he decisively chose to pass the blame.

  ...

  Since deciding to support the French, the British Foreign Office has taken a series of actions, and the Anglo-Russian armistice is only one of the measures.

  After all, the Russians are Austria's allies, and they cannot be fooled into turning against them with just a few words. If nothing else, the conflict between Britain and Russia cannot be solved in a short time.

  We just fought a battle, and then we formed an alliance. These cool operations existed in theory, and maybe they could still be done in the Middle Ages.

  But today, with the rise of nationalism, anyone who dares to play like this will have to break out a revolution.

  In Tokyo, after seeing off the uninvited British minister, Ito Hirobumi felt bad.

  It was not easy to coordinate the interests of all parties, barely suppress the voice of going south, and continue to implement the previous strategy of going north. Now that the British have joined in, the situation has changed again.

  Needless to say, the British even visited him, the leader of the opposition, not to mention the dignitaries who originally supported the move south. They must have been lobbied.

  While Ito Hirobumi was thinking about countermeasures, the attendant's voice suddenly sounded.

  "Prime Minister, the palace called and asked you to attend the imperial meeting immediately."

  With a "bang", the water glass in Ito Hirobumi's hand fell to the ground. It came so quickly, leaving him no time to prepare.

  There is no doubt that there must be domestic political forces involved behind this, otherwise the British Minister would not have just left, and the Royal Council would be convened immediately.

  This kind of move is nothing more than a demonstration to him, asking him, the opponent who went south, to retreat in the face of difficulties.

  There is no way. The "Three Heroes" of the Meiji Restoration have all passed away. There is no longer any anchor that can suppress all political forces, and the methods of political struggle have become more and more out of the ordinary.

  For example, right now, these guys are in private contact with the British without telling him, the Prime Minister, and have even reached an agreement.

  You know, Ito Hirobumi is still essentially powerless. Although he will be famous in later generations, he has never been able to keep his word.

  That is to say, Japan has not yet carried out strategic adventures, the military has not had time to expand in the war, and the government can barely suppress them.

  If the military becomes bigger and anyone dares to go against them, there will be a mutiny and a new government in a matter of minutes.

  ...

  Navy Minister Saigo Yumichi was the first to speak: "The British have made it clear that they want to support the French, and the international situation has undergone a fundamental change. The

  outcome of the European War has become clearer, and the risks we were originally worried about no longer exist. , all the conditions for implementing the southward strategy are met."

  If possible, Xixiang Congdao did not want to be the first person. But there is no other way. As Lord of the Navy, he doesn't want to stand out.

  Powers gather in the Nanyang region and the situation is complicated. Once Japan extends its power there, it will inevitably expand its navy significantly.

  As the biggest beneficiary of the southward strategy, the top brass of the Navy have unified their opinions and will not allow him, the Navy Minister, to retreat at all.

  Agriculture and Commerce Minister Kaoru Inoue: "Saigo-kun, your so-called clear situation in the European War is probably too early to say.

  As we all know, the British's strongest force is the Royal Navy, and relatively speaking, their army is very average.

  Even France They have gained the support of the British, and it does not mean much in the decisive war on the European continent, unless the Russians also support them.

  In fact, this is impossible. As we all know, the Russian-Austrian alliance is very stable, and the Russians simply cannot leave it. Open Austria.

  Unless the Tsarist government has lost its mind, it will betray its allies and support its enemies."

  There is nothing wrong with it. The Anglo-Russian negotiations have just begun and are still confidential. The Japanese government's intelligence capabilities are limited and tentacles It has not yet reached the top levels of Britain and Russia.

  According to the normal thinking mode, Britain and Russia are at war, France and Austria are at war, and the enemy of the enemy is a friend. Moreover, Russia and Austria already have an alliance. Now that Britain and France are close together, Russia and Austria will naturally stand together.

  Britain and France competed against Russia and Austria on land, with almost no chance of winning. Against this background, accepting the invitation of Britain and France to declare war on Austria was unreasonable.

  Army General Oyama Iwa: "Inoue-kun, you are worrying too much. Not to mention whether the Russians are willing to send troops to help Austria, what if they win in Europe? As long as the

  British are willing to support France, they will fight against France in the fight for overseas colonies. The alliance is at an absolute disadvantage. If Austria wants to retaliate against us, they must be able to overcome the blockade of the Royal Navy.

  As far as I know, the allies that Britain and France have attracted are not only us, but also several American countries will also participate. The purpose is to seize Austria's overseas colonies.

  We woke up too late and missed the colonial era. Now all the land around the world has owners.

  Fortunately, the European powers are also full of contradictions. This continental war is our best opportunity. . As long as we capture Austrian Nanyang, we will have all the coal, iron ore, rubber, food... we want."

  Looking at the self-indulgent mountain rock, Ito Hirobumi couldn't help but interrupt: "The British are not prepared. Allying with us and inviting them to participate in the attack on Austrian Nanyang is just because the situation requires it.

  No matter how much they promise, most of the benefits in seizing Austrian Nanyang belong to Britain and France, and what belongs to us is only some leftovers.

  Everyone in European History I have studied them all and should be clear about their rules. Even if Austria is defeated in this war, they are still a big country.

  For some benefits, offending a big European country is totally worth the loss. When they are retaliated in the future, the British will not stand for it. Let's take the initiative."

  The window paper was torn through, and everyone was dumbfounded. The law of the jungle is the essence of this era. The weak are not qualified to compete with the strong for spoils.

  The gap in strength was too great. No matter how many promises Britain and France made, the Japanese government would not be able to make them fulfill them after the war. In the face of interests, breach of contract is absolutely normal.

  If it is impossible to monopolize Austrian Southeast Asia and is just following Britain and France to pick up the spilled soup, then launching this war becomes completely meaningless.

  Although the Japanese military is a little radical, they are not stupid. The Showa General Staff of the Second Division has not yet come online. Everyone present is a master with online IQ, so naturally they will not jump into the trap.

  Xixiang Zongdao smiled slightly, pointed to the map on the wall and said: "Ito-kun, we have naturally considered this issue. The British have their calculations, and we also have our plans.

  Our neighbors have an old saying called "False Road" "Fight Guo". Everyone knows that Austria is not easy to mess with, and even their power in the Nanyang region cannot be conquered by us.

  From the beginning to the end, Austria's Nanyang is not our goal. Our real goal is still here - The fertile Philippine Islands.

  I chose to cooperate with Britain and France just to use them as a cover to confuse the Spanish and create opportunities to seize the Philippine Islands."

  Hearing this explanation, Ito Hirobumi's solemn expression softened slightly. Compared with attacking Austrian Southeast Asia, bullying the Spanish is obviously more acceptable, at least the risk is within controllable range.

  "Although the plan is good, have you considered the consequences?

  Britain and France are not easy to deal with. If they know that we are using them, they will definitely retaliate in the future.

  One bad operation will plunge the empire into an irreversible situation. After all, we The strength is still too weak and cannot withstand the torment."

  Xixiang Congdao nodded: "Our military has discussed this issue a long time ago. If there was no European War, we would not dare to do this anyway.

  But it is different now. The European powers are divided into Britain, France, Russia and Austria. Between the two camps, the British's continental balance strategy is shaky. For a while, these powers can't take care of us.

  Judging from the information collected, the total number of troops mobilized by both warring parties exceeds 10 million. It's just a bloody battle. If this continues, it will be difficult for the participants in this continental war to have a real winner, and the final outcome will most likely be a lose-lose situation for both sides.

  As long as we are more flexible and join the victor's side in time before the outcome of the continental war is decided, this game will be considered stable. No

  matter who wins the war, they will be busy licking their wounds after the war and will not go to war with our ally for such a trivial matter.

  If we are lucky, we can also get some spoils and improve our international status.”

  …

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-951.Chapter 932 The Power of Rumors-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 932 The Power of Rumors

  I have to admit the acting ability of the Japanese. On the one hand, they vowed to Britain and France to join the war against Austria; on the other hand, they promised Austria that they would never invade Austrian Southeast Asia.

  As for the gossip that has spread, it is all a French conspiracy, trying to sow discord between Japan and Austria through such despicable means.

  It doesn't matter whether it's true or false. Anyway, after a series of diplomatic maneuvers, the Japanese government still got tangible benefits.

  Relying on deception, Ito Hirobumi signed the "Japan-France Far East Treaty" with the French Minister Gretras on April 11, 1891. At the expense of joining the war against Austria, the French government gave up its privileges in Japan, which opened up the Japanese government. A prelude to the abolition of unequal treaties.

  Then on April 18, Ito Hirobumi repeated his old tricks and signed the "Anglo-Japanese Treaty of Tokyo" with the British, taking back the British's privileges in Japan.

  Also relying on deception, on April 26, Ito Hirobumi signed the "Japan-Austria Security Treaty" with the Austrian minister. The Japanese government paid the price of not forming an alliance with the French in exchange for Austria giving up its privileges in Japan.

  The three big countries have taken care of it, and the rest will naturally not become a climate. Relying on various means such as coercion and inducement, the Japanese government miraculously abolished the unequal treaties signed by various countries and became the first country in Asia to have complete sovereignty.

  When the news reached Europe, well, Japan's presence was too low these days, and no one was interested at all. The media were busy reporting on the news of the European War, so naturally they had no time to pay attention.

  Not to mention that the people don't take it seriously, even the governments of various countries don't take it seriously. It's good to have privileges, but it's okay not to have privileges. Anyway, Japan only has such a small market, and there is not much left after Britain and France have eaten away.

  In fact, Franz only remembered that Austria also had special privileges in Japan after seeing the treaty submitted by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

  Then there was no more. The Japanese are really too poor these days. Only a limited number of commodities can sell well here, and the most profitable one is naturally the arms trade.

  Unfortunately, Japan's navy learned from the British, its army learned from the French, and the arms market did not have Austria's share.

  The Vienna government also implemented the Mineral Export Approval Act, blocking the way to sell resources. Except for some rubber and grain sold in Austrian Southeast Asia, only a small amount of industrial products were exported.

  Less exports mean even less imports. Compared with Japan, which is extremely poor, Austria basically lacks everything.

  Even the Japanese's flagship product, raw silk, lost its market after Lombardy and Venice completed the conversion of rice to mulberry.

  The total annual import and export trade between Japan and Austria is less than 300,000 Aegis, which is completely negligible. There is really no reason to pay attention to it.

  After being emperor for so many years, Franz has long since become a qualified politician. Except for causing some trouble for the Japanese government at the beginning, he rarely caused trouble later.

  In fact, Austria also paid for the emperor's willfulness. The Vienna government's mineral export approval bill was originally intended to crack down on competitors, and its targets were mainly the French.

  Austrian Nanyang is too far away from Europe. If you travel so far to import ore, the freight cost alone will go up, so there is no need to impose restrictions at all.

  However, when delimiting the scope, Franz shook his hand and drew a large circle on the map, accidentally including Austrian Southeast Asia.

  Then, if the Japanese government wants to import ore from Austria, it has to go through many layers of approvals, and it won't be possible within a year and a half.

  The Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs has also made a lot of efforts to this end. Unfortunately, for the Vienna government, this is just a trivial matter, and no one is willing to change a decree for the sake of the feelings of the Japanese.

  To put it bluntly, the benefits are not enough. Changing a law in Austria is very troublesome and requires reconvening the legislative session.

  Even if the restrictions are abolished, the trade volume will only increase by hundreds of thousands of Aegis every year, and the tax revenue falling into the government's pocket will only be tens of thousands of Aegis.

  For this little money, they went to amend the law. The Vienna government was not so free. Even if you know you are wrong, you can only make one mistake until the end.

  Affected by this, Japan-Austria relations have always been lukewarm. I have to admit that Benzi is still talented in this aspect, and he is absolutely unambiguous when it comes to pretending to be a grandson.

  Putting down the treaty in his hand, Franz said slowly: "The Anglo-Russian negotiations have begun. It seems that our actions on the African continent have aroused the vigilance of the British.

  According to John Bull's past style, they will definitely not want to see us. Connecting Asia, Europe and Africa. If nothing else happens, Britain and France have now moved closer.

  The main force of the British Army is still in Afghanistan. In the short term, they will not be able to participate in the European War. The danger will only come from overseas.

  Order the Governor of Nanyang and the Governor of Central America Strengthen alerts and be wary of all surrounding neighbors, and do not give the enemy an opportunity to take advantage.

  As for other areas, our strength is too weak. If a war breaks out, we allow them to surrender directly."

  Although I don't think the Japanese will run away after they are full. A sneak attack on Austrian Southeast Asia, but thinking of the Japanese tactics of seeking death in the original time and space, Franz immediately ordered to strengthen the alert.

  Other areas are naturally the result of imagination. In the context of the possibility of Britain and France joining forces, it is not difficult at all to fool a few fools into charging into battle.

  There can be Japanese, and there can also be other countries. Among Austria's overseas colonies, except for Southeast Asia and Central America, which are well managed and have the strength to compete in friendly matches with their surrounding neighbors, the remaining areas are not very good.

  Especially in Austrian Alaska, there is only one infantry battalion guarding it, and there are less than 50,000 immigrants including immigrants, and one-third of them are criminals.

  As long as the British take action, they may fall in minutes. If you can't win anyway, then just give up.

  It's not easy to run these places. If you lose all your money, you have to invest again.

  Anyway, once the European War is over, no matter who takes it, they will pay it back with interest. There is no need to make meaningless sacrifices.

  After so many years of traveling through time, Franz has been influenced by European culture. When thinking about problems, he becomes more and more like a European politician.

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Your Majesty, maybe we can dispel these guys' unrealistic illusions by releasing the news of our occupation of Egypt to the outside world."

  Although the Austrian army has torn through the Suez defense line and even reached the gates of Cairo, Egypt The war is still going on.

  Not long ago, the French government sent reinforcements to Egypt. Although it could not reverse the overall situation, it still delayed the Austrian army's occupation of Egypt.

  However, this did not prevent the Vienna government from spreading rumors to the outside world. Anyway, the Austrian army has already arrived in Cairo, and it is only a matter of time before the city is destroyed.

  Regardless of whether they are careerists or speculators, these guys are just grassroots and will fall wherever the wind is strong.

  Although the combination of Britain and France can bluff people, the power of Austria cannot be underestimated. After receiving such news, no one can easily take sides before confirming whether it is true or false.

  It is not easy to verify news these days. Once the various countries figure out the situation, it is estimated that the Austrian army will almost take over Egypt.

  When the strategic situation reverses, the wallflowers will naturally know how to choose. The essence of politics is to increase the number of friends and reduce the number of enemies.

  In the face of interests, people cannot stand the test, and the same applies to politics. Franz is not a war fanatic and has no interest in luring snakes out of their holes and creating enemies for himself.

  "Try it, but don't make it too obvious. Just publish some photos of our army's operations in Egypt and release a few gossips, and let them figure out the progress on the battlefield."

  True and false are the most difficult to judge. of. If march photos are released from other battlefields, the progress of the battlefield can naturally be judged by landmark buildings.

  But the battlefield in Egypt is different. The Austrian army is attacking on three fronts. The French army can only stick to strategic locations and large cities, and the remaining areas are completely allowed to run by the Austrian army.

  Judging purely from the march route of the Austrian army, it is easy for everyone to conclude that the French army is finished. As for the truth, that doesn't matter anymore.

  ...

  Everything has two sides. As soon as the news of the Austrian army's occupation of Egypt came out, it caused a sensation all over the world.

  Not only the wallflowers who wanted to take advantage of the situation were shocked, but also the Russians, Austria's good allies, were also shocked.

  Perhaps because the stimulus was too great, or perhaps in order to hinder the British from getting enough of Austria, the tsarist government changed its previous insouciance in the negotiations and quickly completed the exchange of interests with the British, reached an armistice agreement, and ended the war. Anglo-Russian War.

  European countries that were still on the French side's neck have now changed their stance and opened the door to export strategic materials to France. It seems that their relationship with the French has entered the honeymoon period overnight.

  However, this is also the limit of what governments can do. Just like they did not join the anti-French alliance before, it is also impossible for everyone to join the anti-Austria alliance for no reason.

  Relaxing restrictions on the French is just to balance the strength of France and Austria so that they can fight more fiercely on the battlefield. It does not mean that everyone becomes friends.

  In the eyes of most politicians, France has always been the biggest factor of instability in Europe and is a key target of attack.

  ...

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-952.Chapter 933 The Strongest Imagination-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 933 The most powerful thought:

  European countries have relaxed their material restrictions on France, which was originally a good thing, but Napoleon IV was not happy at all.

  There is no way. The change in the political stance of various countries also means that the European world is not optimistic that France can win this war.

  The center of the world these days is Europe, and the views of the European world will directly affect the judgments of countries around the world.

  In recent times, the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs has made efforts to win over allies overseas and has achieved initial results, especially after the British joined, it has become even more powerful.

  Without this bad news, Colombia, Chile, Argentina, Mexico, and Japan might all have become members of the anti-Austria alliance.

  Everything is impossible now. Politicians are not fools. It is okay to let them take advantage of the trend and speculate. If they want them to go upstream and fight side by side with France, then there is no need to think about it.

  When you open the map, you will know that Egypt plays a vital role in this war. Once it falls into the hands of Austria, the anti-French alliance will be invincible.

  Watching France fall into strategic passivity, no matter how much benefits the Paris government promises, it is impossible for the wallflowers to take grain from the fire for them.

  Holding back his anger, Napoleon IV asked: "Why did the Egyptian region fall so quickly?

  You know, we just carried out an increase in troops not long ago. The 23 infantry divisions plus the troops in the Egyptian region have a total strength of more than 800,000 , are our troops all useless?"

  Rumors are not spread casually. If the Vienna government dares to deceive people by occupying Egypt, it also has capital.

  Just a week ago, the French army lost its access to the sea in Egypt, and the French government also lost contact with the French army in Egypt. No one knew what happened on the front line.

  From the perspective of a bystander, France had just added troops to the front line and lost its outlet to the sea. This was obviously the Austrians deliberately luring the enemy.

  Since we are luring the enemy, we are sure to win. It makes sense that the Egyptian region fell so quickly.

  The outside world can make assumptions like this, but Napoleon IV couldn't stand it. Not only did they lose Egypt, but they also lost an additional 300,000 regular troops. It was like losing money to my grandma's family.

  If we had known this earlier, we might as well have withdrawn the troops from French Egypt and fought with the anti-French alliance on the European continent. At least we could have increased our chances of winning.

  Facing the emperor who was about to go berserk, the equally confused Army Minister Luskinia helplessly explained: "Your Majesty, no one knows what happened in Egypt specifically. Maybe this is just fake news released by the Austrians.

  Add We sent reinforcements. There are more than half a million regular troops in Egypt alone, and Governor Jacob has rich combat experience. Even if he cannot defeat the enemy, it is impossible for the entire army to be annihilated so quickly. Before the fall of

  the port, our last In contact with the Egyptian region, Governor Jacob also promised that he could persist for at least half a year."

  There are naturally prerequisites for persisting for half a year. The war is all about supplies. With sufficient logistics, 500,000 French regular troops and 300,000 cannon fodder troops will certainly be able to fight.

  However, the plan did not change quickly. The port heavily guarded by the French army fell first, and the French Egyptian troops directly became a lone army.

  According to intelligence from the navy, they were attacked by the Austrian navy and air force at the same time. After suffering heavy losses, they were forced to choose to evacuate, and then nothing happened.

  This is the tragedy of losing air supremacy. The Mediterranean is not big. Taking off from Libya, the Austrian Air Force can monitor every move of the French Navy, but the French cannot lock in the Austrian Navy's mobilization.

  In this era without wireless telegraphy, even if spies collected information, there was no way to send it back in time.

  The information was unequal, and the French Navy had to adopt a conservative state in a series of actions. The main fleet did not dare to divide its forces at all, for fear of being ambushed by the Austrian navy.

  There was only a squadron stationed in Egypt, and its scale was very limited. It was suddenly attacked by Austrian sea and air, and it was naturally unable to withstand it.

  The fact that the entire army was not wiped out was enough to prove that the French naval generals were reliable. As for the security of the port, it is really difficult.

  Without the support of naval firepower, and being attacked by the Austrian army's joint sea, land and air forces, the fall of France's ports in Egypt became inevitable.

  After hearing this explanation, Napoleon IV looked slightly calmer: "You mean that the Austrians are spreading rumors, but what good does this do to them? Is it just to scare those idiots? In

  fact, we all know that to win over allies to attack Austria The overseas colonies are just to get rid of the passive situation of political isolation and cannot really affect this war.

  For Austria, if it wins this war, even if all its overseas colonies are lost, all will be lost after the war. Back to their hands.

  Releasing this rumor now will certainly save the overseas colonies, but it will also push them to the opposite side of European countries. Especially Britain and Russia, they absolutely do not want to see them continue to grow."

  Releasing this rumor The gain outweighs the loss to Austria. This is the conclusion Napoleon IV drew based on the current international situation. This is also the reason why the international community is willing to believe the rumors.

  Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec: "Your Majesty, this may be the Austrians planning for the post-war international situation.

  After all, once our strategy succeeds, Austria will have a large number of enemies overseas. So many are involved. If the country all comes to retaliate, it will inevitably cost a lot; it is impossible not to retaliate, which is related to the dignity of the country.

  If this is the case, then we must be careful. The enemy may have the confidence to win the war. I will do this.

  News came from the Embassy in Russia that Russia and Austria have been in frequent contact recently. We all know that Russia and Austria have very close relations, and Austria has a very strong influence in the Russian Empire.

  The brains of those Eastern European barbarians are relatively simple, and they often do things without using their brains. If Austria is allowed to win over the Russians, the subsequent war will be difficult to fight. "

  The chain of contempt has always existed. For a long time, the European continent has been characterized by developed Western Europe and backward Eastern Europe. The Russians in the most Eastern Europe have naturally become the object of everyone's contempt.

  There is no doubt that Karel Kadlec is deeply affected by this. Influenced by ideas, I have always been biased against the Tsarist government.

  Regardless of strategy or interests, as long as people are stupid, it is not a problem.

  According to the principle that one mountain cannot tolerate two tigers, Russia and Austria, as neighbors, should be incompatible, but the reality is exactly the opposite. Russia and Austria The relationship has exceeded everyone’s expectations.

  So much so that European international relations experts have been led astray. Many people even openly suggested that as long as politicians can exercise restraint, all conflicts can be resolved through political means.

  Frankly speaking , this view is not without the possibility of success. Without the British as a troublemaker, it is really possible for the European continent to resolve disputes through political means. You

  must know that 20 years ago, France and Austria were still allies. The two countries The conflict began to escalate after the British joined the Alliance.

  Because they had no confidence in the Tsarist government and were worried about the worst-case scenario, the French government reluctantly made a decision to make a quick decision and forced the front line to launch an offensive. The European War was once again postponed. Toward a climax.

  ...

  London, since the news of French Egypt came, Prime Minister Gladstone began to have insomnia.

  The connected Austria is really terrifying. The existence of this behemoth has seriously threatened Britain's strategy. Safety.

  From this day on, Britain's maritime hegemony has lost its checking and balancing effect on Austria. If the two countries fall out one day, Britain will have to fight Austria on land. There is

  no way, the Suez Canal has fallen into the hands of Austria , the Cape of Good Hope became Britain's only hub connecting India and a must-defend military location.

  Losing this place also means losing India. As for detouring, it is theoretically feasible, but in fact it is not feasible at all. Sex.

  A detour is easy to say, but if it really takes tens of thousands of miles, it will not only increase the time, risk and cost of maritime navigation, but also weaken the British government's control over India.

  If the Russians go south again, the British government has no way to guarantee , able to send reinforcements and strategic supplies in time.

  In the conference room, Prime Minister Gladstone's face was clouded, and he said seriously: "Everyone, the worst situation we were worried about has appeared.

  With the fall of French Egypt, all our means of restraint against Austria have lost their effect. Now we not only have to think of ways to win over the French, but we also have to consider how to ensure the safety of the Cape of Good Hope. "

  Whether it's crisis awareness or persecution paranoia. Theoretically speaking, as long as Russia and Austria reach a deal, Austria may attack the Cape of Good Hope.

  Even the content of the deal has been completed in everyone's minds. The Russian army has sent troops to the European continent to help. Deal with the French in exchange for Austria sending troops to occupy the Cape of Good Hope and cutting off Britain's connection with India.

  One country will gain European hegemony and African hegemony, the other will gain British India, and the two countries will join forces to carve up the world. From the perspective of interests, Russia and Austria are both bloody Earn.

  Foreign Secretary George: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has already begun to take action. We will find ways to undermine the further closerization of Russia and Austria.

  But this is not enough. Unless the French can severely damage Austria in the European War, the Cape of Good Hope will not be safe from now on.

  You can't tell what happens on the battlefield. Judging purely from their strength on paper, I don't think it is possible for the French to win the war.

  Even if we fully support the French, they do not have the strength to severely damage Austria. You must know that the current Austrian Empire is not only the world's largest industrial power, but also a giant with more than 30 million square kilometers of land and a population of hundreds of millions.

  If we add other countries in the anti-French alliance, even if we and the French are combined, it will be difficult to gain an advantage.

  In this context, either we go out and join the war personally; or we force the French to fight hard and use them to consume Austria's strength.

  The benefits of this are very obvious. The strength of France and Austria has been weakened. No matter who wins or loses, they will not have the strength to dominate Europe after the war. "

  This multiple-choice question is easy to answer. Britain just had a PK with the Russians and lost more than 200,000 local troops on the battlefield in Afghanistan. It simply has no ability to continue a friendly match with Austria. If

  I don't want to go all out, then just It can make its allies join. France is also a big country. If it tries its best, it will be enough for Austria to drink.

  Once Austria's strength is severely damaged, it will be the time for Russia and Austria to part ways. After all, there can only be one hegemon in Europe. When you can't win, you have no choice but to give up; once a new opportunity arises, no one will let it go.

  Colonial Secretary Primrose echoed: "Sir's proposal is good, and I very much agree with it. But before that, we must first increase our troops at the Cape of Good Hope to prevent the Austrians from taking advantage of it.

  It would be best to send the troops withdrawn from the Afghan battlefield to garrison in the Cape of Good Hope area to dispel the Austrian ambitions. "

  ...

  　Recommended book: Mantou's new book "My Italy". At the end of the 19th century, Italy was in social turmoil and was in urgent need of change. With the appearance of a time traveler, everything changed, and Italy also stood up. day.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Political Surrender with a Clearly Priced Price-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 934: Political inducement with clear price tag

  At a time when the international community is in turmoil, the French-Austrian struggle over Egypt has also come to an end. Facts have once again proven that modern warfare can no longer be won simply by relying on numbers.

  Looking at the increasing number of rescue telegrams on his desk, Governor Jacob began to despair. Reinforcements were impossible. From the fall of the port, the French army in Egypt could only rely on themselves.

  Originally, Governor Jacob planned to rely on the troops in his hands to fight the Austrian army for a year and a half to buy time for the decisive battle in Europe. Now, in less than a month, the situation is already over.

  There was no way, starting with the Austrian armored forces coming online, all of Governor Jacob's strategic plans were shattered.

  Facing this strange enemy, Jacob was completely confused. The fortifications that the French army had worked so hard to build in Egypt were completely vulnerable to the torrent of steel.

  Originally it was only to block the enemy's infantry attack, but now the enemies it faced were planes, airships, and armored tanks on the ground. The infantry was instead assisted by these iron lumps.

  Needless to say, flesh and blood cannot withstand the torrent of steel, but every field encounter ends in tragedy for the French army. The original army of more than 800,000 people has now been reduced to pieces.

  Even after gathering the defeated troops, Governor Jacob did not dare to order the troops to assemble, because assembling would only make the French army lose faster.

  In order to delay as much time as possible, Governor Jacob was forced to order his troops to find nearby cities and station in dangerous terrain to avoid direct combat with the enemy's steel torrent.

  Having escaped the torrent of steel does not mean that the matter is over. The French army that entered the city was lucky. The colonial government had stocked up on supplies in advance and would not be hungry for a while. The French army that was scattered outside was in tragedy. The dangerous terrain limited the enemy's armored forces, but they needed to eat!

  The enemy's air force was keeping a close eye on them, so how to deliver supplies to these French troops became a huge problem.

  In a sense, this is not a problem. After all, Governor Jacob does not have much supplies. Without local support, it can only last for a few months at most.

  Now that there are fewer people, the French army stationed in the city can sustain it for a longer period of time. I have to say, this is also an irony.

  If it was just a collapse on the Egyptian battlefield, it would not actually cause Governor Jacob to collapse. After all, this was expected, and he had already been mentally prepared. Even at home, he was only asked to delay for time and had no illusions about defeating the enemy.

  What really broke Jacob was the loss of hope, not only in the Egyptian battlefield, but also in France.

  Jacob had personally experienced the power of armored forces. This group of iron lumps not only massacred infantry in field battles, but was also miraculous when attacking fortresses.

  A method of restraint may exist, but it has nothing to do with Jacob being trapped in Cairo. As the war progresses, the French army in Egypt has lost its ability to fight.

  "Have our people arrived in Ethiopia?"

  Governor Jacob asked.

  Perhaps out of responsibility, perhaps out of patriotism, in short, after encountering the Austrian armored forces, Governor Jacob immediately sent someone to deliver the news to the country.

  The telegraph network to the outside world has long been cut off by Austria. If the Austrian army is willing, even the telegraph network between various cities in Egypt can be cut off.

  Now the only way to contact the outside world was to cross the Austrian blockade and enter British Ethiopia, and use British channels to convey news.

  The African continent is so big, densely covered with jungles, and sparsely populated. In theory, it is not impossible for a few people to avoid the Austrian blockade as long as they are careful.

  What really limits the spread of news is the distance. It is thousands of miles from Cairo to British Ethiopia. Now these areas are in chaos, and the probability of accidents is really too high.

  As Jacob's confidant and the specific executor, Major General Aristide replied: "Judging from the time, the messengers we sent should have entered the British territory by now.

  To be on the safe side, I sent out With more than two hundred messengers, even if an accident occurs midway, someone will complete the task.

  But Your Excellency, Governor, is this really useful? The enemy can use these secret weapons in Egypt, and more will be deployed on the European continent.

  Not to mention whether the news we report can attract domestic attention. Even if we know it in advance, I'm afraid there will be no way to solve it for a while."

  This is a fact. Discovering a problem does not mean being able to solve it. If this threat could be solved by simply discovering the armored forces, then the armored forces would not be able to shine in the original time and space.

  "Alas!"

  Governor Jacob sighed and said helplessly: "There is no way, this news is too important. The country does not know the power of these enemies' iron lumps, and our troops in Central and Southern Europe are still looking for a decisive battle with the Austrian army. .

  You have experienced it personally. If you are not prepared in advance, how big the impact will be if you suddenly encounter these iron lumps in the field.

  Now we can only hope that the Austrians are not ready yet and there are not enough armored forces deployed on the European continent. When the country receives the information we provide, it can attract attention.

  Otherwise, this continental war will be France's burying of bones. If we lose this war, the great French Empire will become history."

  Jacob can learn from many He stood out from the competitors and became a powerful governor, not only because of his personal ability, but also because of the trust of Napoleon IV.

  It is not easy to be a confidant. In other words: his personal destiny and the destiny of his family are tied to the Bonaparte dynasty.

  France may not be subjugated if it is defeated in this European War, but the Bonaparte dynasty will definitely be doomed. As a die-hard supporter of the Bonaparte dynasty, Jacob naturally could not take advantage of the situation.

  If the interests were not tied too deeply, Governor Jacob would not choose to resist stubbornly after the situation in Egypt was over. After all, he only had one life.

  "Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ..."

  The air defense siren sounded again, and the mood of everyone in the headquarters became heavier and heavier. There is almost no air defense, and the main European troops have insufficient anti-aircraft artillery. Naturally, there are even fewer colonial troops who are stepmothers.

  The anti-aircraft weapons assigned to the Egyptian theater are mainly anti-aircraft rifles. Although domestic arms dealers have boasted that anti-aircraft rifles are very powerful, their real value is not as good as useless.

  Except for the longer range and the ability to shoot directly into the air, the rest are all shortcomings, such as: low hit rate, large recoil, easy to explode... The

  air defense alarm sounded, but the expected bombing did not come. No familiar explosion was heard, but an uneasy feeling spread within the headquarters.

  Time seemed to have fallen silent, no one spoke, and the atmosphere in the room was extremely tense, so depressing that it was almost crushing.

  "Your Majesty the Governor, this is a leaflet thrown by the enemy outside. Please take a look at it."

  The guard's voice broke the silence. After taking the leaflet and scanning it, Governor Jacob opened his eyes wide, and the frightened expression on his face betrayed him. His inner thoughts.

  After a while, Governor Jacob, who had regained consciousness, said bitterly: "The enemy began to threaten and induce, and prices were clearly marked on them.

  Ordinary soldiers voluntarily surrendered before the battle, and each was rewarded with an Aegis; officers brought When the troops surrender in an organic form, the company and platoon levels will be increased by 20%, the battalion level will be increased by 30%, and the regiment level will be increased by 40%... The

  increased rewards will be distributed freely by the officers, and personal property will be preserved. , all surrendering officers and soldiers will enjoy corresponding preferential treatment as prisoners of war.

  If they resist, they will no longer accept prisoners after the war breaks out. There is only one chance: life or death."

  There is no doubt that this leaflet is to disintegrate the last morale of the French army. Morale, forcing them to surrender.

  No one wants to die, and fighting to the death is not popular in Europe. If there is still a chance to win, Jacob can still mobilize everyone to give it a try.

  Now that we are trapped in an isolated city, with no reinforcements from outside, there is no hope at all, and it will be difficult for everyone to fight hard.

  After hearing the bad news, everyone in the headquarters had different expressions, but they quickly returned to normal, as if nothing had happened.

  Major General Aristide suggested in fear: "Your Majesty the Governor, we must immediately order the collection of leaflets. If the news spreads, we will be very passive."

  There is no way. Everyone present is sure that even if the war breaks out, Austria The army will also accept prisoners, otherwise it will force them to fight for their lives, but the officers and soldiers at the bottom will not think so.

  As the war progresses, the mood of failure has long spread among the French army, and many people do not want to continue this hopeless war.

  According to the tradition of the European continent, nobles who surrender will definitely receive preferential treatment, but it is different for the officers and soldiers at the bottom. Working hard and starving are routine operations, and they may even be wiped out directly.

  Even the Austrians will accept prisoners from behind, but if they anger the enemy, do they still want to reap the rewards?

  You don't have to use a knife to kill people. Working hard day and night can also tire people to death.

  The morale of the French army was already in a low state. At this time, the Austrian leaflets were likely to be the straw that broke the camel's back.

  Anyway, the overall situation has been decided. Sooner or later, he will surrender. Instead of fighting in vain, wouldn't it be nice for him to surrender as soon as possible and receive a sum of money?

  Jacob shook his head: "It's too late. We have all got the leaflets. The soldiers outside will get the leaflets earlier. By

  this time, the news has already spread. If we go to collect the leaflets, it will not only intensify the conflict, but also do nothing." It doesn't make any sense.

  The enemy's promises are very deceptive. We will not be fooled, which does not mean that the lower-level officers and soldiers will not be fooled. The top priority is to find ways to stabilize the morale of the military."

  "Being fooled" and "cheated", these words are said, Ya Gebu himself wouldn't believe it. The enemy did offer inducements, but the problem was that their bids were not high.

  After all calculations, the current French army in Egypt only costs 4 to 50 million. Even if it is a collective surrender, the so-called purchase fee is only 1.8 million Aegis. Such a small amount of money is simply not worth the Austrians' breach of contract.

  Besides, prisoners of war are not taken for free. At worst, they can be added to the ransom. In the end, all expenses will still have to be paid by the French government.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-954. Chapter 935 Surrender is also an art-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 935 Surrender is also an art.

  The big shots in Cairo are still making their final struggle, but the French officers and soldiers scattered outside are different. Knowing that there is no way to save the battlefield in Egypt and the escape route is blocked, only a fool will fight to the end .

  The surrender conditions promised by Austria were only a catalyst. What prompted everyone to make up their mind was that they were running out of supplies.

  In particular, some fortresses trapped in the encirclement have begun to supply limited amounts of food. If they continue like this, they will be doomed before the enemy can launch an attack.

  Aswan, located on the east bank of the Nile River, is just an inconspicuous small city. It is well-known because of the great uprising a few years ago.

  It became world-famous after rebels blew up the Aswan High Dam, flooding the delta downstream and attracting the attention of European media.

  learn from mistakes. After wiping out the rebels, the Egyptian colonial government deployed heavy troops in the Aswan area, and the humble town of Aswan suddenly became a military location.

  After the outbreak of the European War, in order to avoid a recurrence of the tragedy of the flooded delta, the French once again sent more troops to the Aswan area, with the total force once exceeding 80,000.

  With strong military strength, the defenders in the Aswan area crushed the Austrian offensive many times. Unfortunately, this is of no use. Large-scale wars cannot be reversed by the gains and losses of one city or one place.

  As time passed, surrounding friendly forces fell to the enemy's one guns after another, and the French army in Aswan gradually became a lone force.

  ...

  The French Army Command Headquarters in Aswan is now crowded with generals, and basically all the high-ranking French military officers who can come are here.

  "The garrison of Kom Ombo surrendered five days ago, and the enemy's encirclement network has been completed. The situation in other areas is not optimistic either. There will be no reinforcements. What should we do now?"

  No one is willing to bear the burden of surrender. Political disaster, Lieutenant General Armand, the commander of the Aswan garrison, was no exception.

  In order to avoid going to court-martial after the war, generally speaking, the best way to deal with this situation is to make a collective decision and everyone takes responsibility together.

  "Your Excellency, Lieutenant General, the order given to us by the officers at the Theater Command is to defend Aswan, without considering the actual situation. So

  far in the war, we have suffered more than 30,000 casualties, and the total strength of our troops It has also dropped from 80,000 at its peak to 50,000 now.

  What is even worse is that our reserves of strategic materials are insufficient, the medicines have basically been exhausted, and the weapons and ammunition can only support one more battle.

  In order to reduce food consumption, we even expelled Civilians within the jurisdiction. But this is still not enough. Even if rationing is carried out according to the minimum standards, it can only last for a month at most.

  We simply do not have the conditions to defend the Aswan area. Even if the enemy does not launch an attack, it will not take long for us to They will starve to death."

  The population of Aswan is limited, only about 200,000 people in later generations, let alone now. When the war broke out, the military outnumbered the civilian population.

  As the cotton land of France, the Aswan region is no exception. A large amount of farmland is used to grow cotton.

  It doesn't matter in normal times, but it's tragic in times of war. Even after expelling the civilians, the defenders still failed to raise enough food.

  All strategic materials are in short supply, and the quartermaster's life is naturally difficult. All the other quartermasters were feasting on meat, but as the quartermaster of the Aswan garrison, Major General Altir was going bald with worry.

  Just a few days after the good days, the enemy cut off logistical supplies. Not to mention making money, how to fill the soldiers' stomachs has become a problem.

  It's not that Altier is conscientious of his duties, in fact he is also a standard French quartermaster, and he is absolutely not merciless when it comes to making money.

  The reason why they are stopping now is that they are worried about soldiers mutiny. There is a precedent for this. The French army does not have a tradition of starving to death without causing trouble. If you don't eat well, forget it. If you don't eat enough, you'll fall out in a minute.

  On the other hand, he knows that before he can make money, he must first ensure that he has a life to spend. As the war progresses, Major General Altir has lost confidence in the Aswan garrison.

  If you can't win, the final result will be annihilation or surrender. Major General Artier had no glorious determination. He was just a quartermaster and was not responsible for the defeat and surrender.

  Regardless of the Austrian army's promise to protect personal and property safety, if they really become prisoners, their huge wealth will be a life-threatening talisman.

  In the war years, it was normal for many people to die, especially if they were prisoners of war, and no one would care about them.

  Major General Altier's net worth is already quite high, and whether he can keep it is still unknown. If he adds more, he will become a fat sheep, so naturally he does not dare to take risks.

  Everyone who can sit here is a smart person. Everyone understands Major General Altier's intention. The logistics cannot support it, which is undoubtedly a good excuse to surrender.

  As for whether the logistical pressure is so great, whether they really have no ammunition, or whether they are about to run out of food, this question is not important at all. Everyone has acquiesced in it anyway.

  A middle-aged officer echoed: "Major General Altir is right. Now we really do not have the conditions to defend the Aswan region. Without reinforcements and logistical supplies, it is only a matter of time before the Aswan region falls.

  It is said that the enemy still has one This kind of car is covered with steel plates. It is very powerful and invincible in the field. Our main force was defeated by them. It was the failure of the last battle that led to the collapse of the situation. Now

  we have not There is almost no hope of restoring the logistics supply line in the short term.

  Moreover, the strategic materials we have hoarded in Egypt are limited. Even if we break through the enemy's blockade, the general headquarters will not be able to provide it. Support us with supplies.

  Since the Aswan area is destined to be undefendable, there is no need for us to make unnecessary sacrifices. In order to defend Egypt, France has sacrificed more than 200,000 people, and there is no need to continue now.

  The key to determining the outcome of this war lies in Europe, not Aswan. Even if we lose this place, as long as the European War is won, what we lose now will come back to us in the future.

  " Your Excellency, you are changing your concept. " The Aswan region does not affect the outcome of this war, but the ownership of the Egyptian region does affect the balance of victory.

  Once the Aswan area falls, the enemy can blow up the dam, flood the delta area downstream, and destroy the social order in Egypt.

  At that time, the homeless Egyptians will rise up in rebellion, dealing a fatal blow to our rule, which will also lead to the fall of the entire Egyptian region.

  For the sake of France, we must hold on. Even if we hold on for one more day, it will be of great help to the domestic battlefield. "

  No country lacks hot-blooded men, and France is no exception. Major General Antoine said earlier that strategic supplies were insufficient, and there was no way to refute it. Now when he directly said surrender, he couldn't help it. You must

  know that surrender is also contagious, Ah The French army in the Swan area wanted to surrender, but it was actually influenced by friendly forces.

  The first to surrender were the Italian divisions that came for reinforcements. The Paris government originally sent them here to cut off their ties with the Italian independence organizations and reduce their Security risks.

  After all, the relationship between the Italians and Austria is not good. Under the deliberate propaganda of the French government, many Italians hate Austria.

  However, none of this can stop their determination to surrender. After being severely beaten by the Austrian army, These guys decisively chose to follow their heart.

  In comparison, this is not bad. If the European continent is left, the Paris government will not dare to use this kind of purely Italian division.

  Once it gets involved with independent organizations , it is not a question of surrender, but the possibility of direct mutiny.

  So far in the war, three purely Italian divisions have defected on the battlefield, almost collapsing the southern front that the French have worked so hard to manage.

  Fortunately, this purely Italian division There are not many Italian divisions, and they are all the historical legacy of France's annexation of Italian states. Almost all of them have been gradually abolished by the French government over the years.

  Taking advantage of the opportunity of this war, the Paris government even directly captured several Italian divisions. The military and political power of the states, the former Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, Tuscany and other state governments have become rubber stamps.

  If France wins this war, these Italian states may become history completely, and they will not even have the opportunity to become rubber stamps. No.

  The internal troubles were solved, but the French army in Egypt was miserably trapped. They came over with the main force in the face, but they achieved a record that was worse than even the colonial army. In the

  previous battles, the French army was defeated so quickly. , in addition to the powerful armored forces, these lagging guys also contributed a lot.

  Although they are not good at fighting, they are the first in running away.

  If someone makes statistics, they will find that in the previous battle, the Italian division was not only the most defeated. Fast, and the casualty rate is also the lowest.

  After the war, these guys were stationed in various places. They did not give up and continued to show their trapping attributes. Not only did they surrender themselves, but in many cases they also mobilized their teammates to surrender together in order to get a good price.

  As for the battle with Austria The hatred among people, is it more important to have national independence or to have Aegis?

  Seeing someone come out to sing the opposite, everyone's face darkened. Everyone wants to be a hero, no one wants to be a coward, but the price of being a hero is too heavy .Seeing

  the change in the situation on the field, the coach, Lieutenant General Armand, earnestly persuaded: "Major General Antoine, calm down first. No one wants to see Egypt fall, but we really can't fight anymore.

  Maybe you don't want to believe it, but it is true. Including the telegrams used to communicate with the outside world, all were deliberately left behind by the enemy.

  So far, two-thirds of the cities in Egypt have fallen into the hands of the enemy. More than 200,000 French troops have laid down their arms and surrendered. The remaining cities that are still resisting, including Cairo, are crumbling.

  The enemy has taken the initiative on the battlefield. There is no need for them to blow up the dam. The strategic value of the Aswan area has disappeared.

  If it were not for the Nile, the enemy would not even need to occupy the Aswan region.

  France has paid too much for this war. If you include the country, the number of casualties may now exceed one million.

  This is nearly 2% of our total population. However, the end of the war is still far away, and no one knows the final number of casualties.

  Since the Aswan area is destined to be unsustainable, as a commander, it is my duty to bring the boys back safely. We cannot destroy this generation just for the sake of temporary success. "

  The previous ones are all excuses, but the last sentence is the true words of Lieutenant General Armand.

  The French Empire seems to have a population of 60 million, but the Italians are alienated from them, and the real population is only the 3,000 people in the headquarters. More than seven million.

  After the war broke out, although Italians were also recruited to join the army, the main force recruited was still French, and the most killed on the battlefield were also French. When the

  people are used, they will hate the few. As the war continues, France The government has clearly felt the lack of manpower, and the elites have also realized the importance of population.

  But it is too late. The population cannot be increased in a day or two. Even if people are created immediately, it will still take twenty years. They were only old enough.

  Faced with the cruel reality, Major General Antoine fell into a fierce inner struggle. After a while, he said fiercely: "In that case, let's blow up the Aswan Dam first and then surrender. The Egyptian region cannot be saved anyway, so we might as well leave a mess to the enemy.

  As soon as the words were spoken, Lieutenant General Armand hurriedly retorted: "No! " There are still our troops downstream. If the dam is suddenly blown up, our troops will inevitably suffer heavy losses.

  Every soldier is a hero of France. They can die on the battlefield, but they must not die in the hands of our own people. "

  No doubt this is just an excuse. The telegram has not been cut off, and the defenders in the Aswan area are still in contact with the outside world. All they need to do is report the news in advance.

  But in this way, the defenders downstream can surrender in a reasonable and reasonable manner, and all the responsibility for the loss of the city and the land will fall on them.

  As the coach, Lieutenant General Armand is naturally the first person responsible. After the war, he not only had to be held accountable by a military court, but he also had to be shot directly.

  Not only is the coach finished, but everyone present is also finished, and no one can escape. To be patriotic is to be patriotic, but if you have to sacrifice your previous life and your reputation, we still have to be respectful and grateful.

  ...

  　I recommend the book "My Sister Dotes on Me Too Much". Looking at the title, you might think it is an urban novel, but in fact it is a history book. Why is it called this name? Haiyue also wants to know.

  (End of chapter)

