Close
Holy Roman Empire-1010. Chapter 990 The New Era—Aegis Settlement System-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 990: The New Era - Aegis Settlement System

  Politics has always affected the whole body. It seems like an ordinary blow, but in fact Franz is closing the valve of expansion and suppressing the voice of the domestic war faction.

  Everything has two sides. The European War was won too easily, and the spoils obtained were too rich. The most important thing was that the emperor was willing to share the benefits, so that "acquisition of fame and fame on the horse" became the mainstream of society.

  Stimulated by interests, the empire has become unprecedentedly bellicose. Ordinary people want to stand up through war, ordinary officers and soldiers who have risen through military service want to cross the threshold of nobility through war, and nobles want to go further through war.

  "The wages of avarice is death".

  Nature's survival laws are vividly demonstrated here. Stimulated by interests, everyone has forgotten the risks brought by war.

  It's not that no one discovered the problem, but everyone pretended not to see it in a tacit agreement. The reason is very simple. The collapse of France caused the Vienna government to lose its sense of crisis.

  In the eyes of everyone, without France as an old enemy, no one in the world can rival the Holy Roman Empire.

  Even though the Royal Navy is still number one in the world and the Big Bear is still strong, their weaknesses are all too obvious.

  The Russians' industrial strength is weak, their government is extremely poor, and their economic lifeline is still in the hands of the empire. They must look at Vienna's face.

  Although the British navy is the best in the world, it is only temporary. Once the empire decided to fight for maritime supremacy, it was their turn to bow out.

  If you can't compete in terms of quality, then focus on quantity. At worst, the British build one warship, and the Empire builds two. Two against one can always win.

  Rich people are so arrogant. The integrated Holy Roman Empire's fiscal revenue exceeds the sum of all European countries. As long as the government tightens its belt, even land and sea powers will not be afraid to play together.

  No matter how other people drifted, Franz didn't drift anyway. Revenue and expenditure are directly proportional. Ordinary people only see the government's huge fiscal revenue, but ignore the government's huge expenditure.

  If it hadn't been for the adoption of the original enfeoffment system, which greatly reduced administrative expenses, the Vienna government might not have been able to support this huge empire with its current income.

  You know, because of the war, the Vienna government has been running fiscal deficits for three consecutive years. If we want to achieve fiscal balance, the earliest we can do is 1894.

  "Although a country is large, if it is warlike, it will perish."

  It is universal in any period. Reality has proved that as long as the scale of the war reaches a certain level, no matter how rich the loot is, it will be a loss in the short term.

  The outside world only saw the scenery of the victorious country, but did not know the suffering behind it. The loot is real wealth only when it is digested, otherwise it is just data that stays on paper.

  Not only is the government impoverished, but also the pockets of the nobles are not rich, especially the newly rising military nobles, whose pockets may be cleaner than their faces.

  There was no way, all the money was thrown on the land. The family's own fiefdom is managed by themselves, and of course they have to pay for the construction from their own pockets.

  Not to mention the emerging aristocrats, even the old-school aristocrats would find it difficult to come up with such a large amount of money at once.

  The construction of fiefdoms is not a one-person affair. Not only their own wallets are emptied, many people also emptied the wallets of their relatives and friends.

  Of course, this is considered an investment, and it is the most sound investment. As long as you don't mess around, you will never lose money in running a fiefdom.

  The only people with money now are probably the capitalists. However, these guys are trembling at the moment. They are as low-key as they can be, for fear that the Vienna government, which is crazy about poverty, will catch the criminal evidence and confiscate them.

  If everything is legal property, there is no need to hide it. The problem is that capital these days is bloody, and it is almost impossible to check it accurately.

  It just so happens that the Vienna government likes to play like this. When it is short of money, it will fight corruption, and then involve a bunch of capitalists by the way, or just keep an eye on a few fat sheep to investigate.

  Similar things have happened three times since Franz took the throne, and each time the capitalists were the leek on the table.

  Every time, the ones who danced the loudest died the quickest, especially those idiots who went to manipulate politics. Every one of them has grass growing on their graves.

  It has nothing to do with Franz. Behind this is the game between the aristocratic group and the bourgeoisie. In order to ensure their political dominance, the aristocratic group has always followed the rules of the game and suppressed the rise of the bourgeoisie.

  Similar things were not only happening in the Holy Roman Empire, but almost the entire European continent was fought between two major classes.

  It's just that the conservatives in the Holy Roman Empire have become stronger, overwhelming the bourgeoisie.

  Of course, struggle is struggle and actually has little to do with ordinary people. Even ordinary nobles and small and medium-sized capitalists are not qualified to participate in this game.

  Even big capitalists will not be targeted as long as they do not get involved in politics.

  It's a pity that many people don't know this, and they still fantasize about establishing a strong political network. As a result, they violate the taboo of the aristocratic group and involve their own family.

  learn from mistakes.

  Although they didn't know that the emperor had drawn a warning line for them, if they crossed the line, they would die. After enough social beatings, capitalists have grown up.

  Most people believe that having too much money causes trouble, so now the most popular thing is no longer "fighting for wealth", but "hiding wealth without revealing it" which is more popular in the East.

  After realizing that the Vienna government was short of money, both of them began to pretend to be poor. Many capitalists would rather keep their money in their basements than let the outside world know that they are wealthy.

  It is not a sin to hoard money. You have the right to control your own money. The Vienna government follows rules, and legal private property is sacred and inviolable, so you can do whatever you want.

  In a sense, the capitalists' hiding and holding are also helping the Vienna government stabilize the currency value and survive the financial crisis.

  Otherwise, if the previous currency was over-issued, the value of the Aegis would no longer be guaranteed. Compared with the plummeting franc, the Aegis, which also had a similar boom, had almost no major fluctuations in currency value, which is a miracle in itself.

  Insufficient currency circulation is no longer a problem in the paper currency era. If there is not enough, just print it directly. The circulation market of Aegis has expanded, and it is logical to increase the currency circulation.

  Just like the U.S. dollar in later generations, as long as the market has confidence in them, Lao Te will dare to let it go... water, water, water.

  The era of great military expansion is over, and the era of great economic expansion has just arrived. As long as a small short-term goal is achieved, the Vienna government can immediately get rid of its current financial difficulties.

  In the middle of the 19th century, the gold standard system was gradually established in the European continent. The mainstream settlement method of various countries in international trade was gold. The British pound and the Aegis were both auxiliary to gold settlement.

  Apart from the name of an international currency, neither the Aegis nor the British Pound are actually international currencies in the true sense. Their ability to become settlement currencies actually relies on gold.

  Only by turning the "gold-Aegis system" into the "Aegis system" can Aegis become an international currency in the true sense. At that time, we can follow the example of Americans of later generations and make a fortune by printing money.

  Prime Minister Karl hurriedly persuaded: "Your Majesty, in addition to our credibility, the value of the Aegis currency is more important because it is linked to gold and can be freely exchanged.

  Once we are free from gold and there is no limit on gold reserves, we can print as many Aegis as we want. No matter how much you can print, the outside world will definitely not accept it, and it might just collapse like the current franc."

  This is an inevitable result. Although the credibility of the Shinra Empire is not low, it is not to the point where everyone loves it.

  If Aegis were to be decoupled from gold, it is estimated that the British would immediately take advantage of the situation and launch the pound to seize the market.

  Seeing that the Prime Minister was misled by the apparent problem, Franz shook his head and explained: "This is a long-term goal. Naturally, Aegis cannot be decoupled from gold in the short term.

  But in addition to fixing the exchange ratio with gold, we can also Add some chips, such as grain settlement, oil settlement, etc.

  In these areas, we have absolute advantages. If we propose to directly use Aegis for settlement, the resistance of various countries should not be too high.

  First, let Aegis settle the status in the European continent. After it is established, it will gradually spread to the whole world, and the final step will be implemented after the overall situation has been decided."

  Copy homework, who can't do it!

  Although he did not know what happened specifically in the process of establishing the hegemony of the US dollar in later generations, Franz still heard about the scandalous operations of linking and decoupling the US dollar with gold.

  Since you succeeded in the original time and space, just follow the homework. The Americans were able to handle the minor hiccups that occurred in the middle, but there was no reason why the Vienna government couldn't handle them.

  The Americans have food hegemony and oil hegemony, and the Holy Roman Empire also has these things. The two sides have almost equal bargaining chips.

  In the short term, it is unrealistic to promote the Aegis system all over the world, but its implementation on the European continent is still very promising.

  When selling monopoly materials such as grain and oil, we insist on using Aegis to trade, and we are not afraid that European countries will not compromise.

  These days, the European continent is still the center of the world. As long as Aegis hegemony is established in Europe, it will be much easier to promote it overseas.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1011.Chapter 991 Promotion of Aegis-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 991 Promoting Aegis

  Everyone knows the benefits of currency hegemony, but there are only a few countries that are qualified to participate in the fight. As an international trade settlement currency, it must at least meet the following basic conditions:

  1. The economy of the country that issues the currency must be large enough;

  2. The import and export trade volume of the country that issues the currency must be large enough;

  3. The currency itself has a stable exchange rate;

  4.The currency issuing country has the ability to guarantee currency redemption;

  5. If the currency issuing country itself is the world police.

  In modern times, the British were the first to meet these basic conditions, so the pound became the earliest international currency.

  However, limited by communications and the low degree of economic globalization, the promotion process of the pound was not smooth. In international settlements, everyone is still more keen to use gold and silver.

  As the volume of international trade continues to increase, pure gold and silver settlement is no longer appropriate, and the pound has entered the stage of history and become the earliest international currency.

  Unfortunately, at this time, Britain's economic hegemony was no longer stable. In the process of establishing monetary hegemony, it was challenged by the franc and the Aegis.

  Once an opportunity is lost, it is gone. As time went by, Britain gradually lost its advantages in industry and economic size, and the British pound's dream of hegemony came to an end.

  Especially after the end of the European War, the Holy Roman Empire was once again unified, and Aegis' strong position on the European continent was established, becoming the most favorable competitor for monetary hegemony.

  Advantages are advantages, and until the dust settles, no one can guarantee whether another accident will happen. Franz clearly remembers that there is still a Chosen Country, and is currently practicing his internal skills hard.

  There is no way, the natural conditions of Americans are too superior. Basically all resources are self-sufficient. Even if it is divided into three, it still has the potential to become a top power.

  Whether it is the United States or the Alliance, their development potential far exceeds that of Britain, France and Spain. Especially the United States, its development potential even exceeds that of Russia.

  The current shortcoming is nothing more than a double lack of population, quality and quantity, which has become an important factor restricting the economic development of the two countries.

  Although Franz made preparations in advance and sent an untimed bomb before the Americans could react, it was unknown whether or when it would explode.

  Franz does not want to place his hopes on the unknown. Instead of waiting for challengers to develop, it is better to use existing advantages to determine the general trend in advance.

  Once monetary hegemony is established, it is not that simple to overthrow it. In later generations, the United States and the United States resorted to various tricks, causing misery to all countries, but the hegemony of the US dollar has not been shaken.

  The reason is very simple, it is the siphon effect. Monetary hegemony brings together funds from all over the world. With money, technology develops faster and military hegemony is consolidated.

  One step faster, each step faster. Once a hegemonic position is established, it will be like a leader in the Internet industry, overwhelming those who come after it.

  Once the currency hegemony of Aegis is established, "the only one who can kill the Holy Roman Empire is the Holy Roman Empire itself."

  Economic Minister Reinhardt analyzed: "Your Majesty, if you want Aegis to become an international settlement currency, then we The economic model must also change.

  If SHIELD wants to become an international settlement currency, the biggest problem it faces is external export. As the volume of international trade continues to increase, simply issuing international loans can no longer meet demand. In

  the early years, in order to reduce capital loss, we adopt a foreign trade balance model. In the past four decades, we have had a trade surplus for most of the time.

  It is not that this surplus is bad. In fact, in the past years, we have relied on the surplus of foreign trade. It was developed after building up the family fortune bit by bit.

  But it is inappropriate to defeat the pound and make the Aegis the mainstream currency in international settlements.

  In terms of currency export, the British are the best learning subjects. At present, the pound sterling The output method mainly relies on the British trade deficit model.

  If we want to transition to the trade deficit model, we must make a choice, reduce the export volume of goods or increase the import volume of goods. The

  Ministry of Economic Affairs believes that some unimportant items can be given up Low-tech industries are given to other countries, while we focus on developing high-tech industries."

  The Vienna government has discussed the issue of Aegis exports many times. In order to better promote Aegis, as early as twenty years ago, the Vienna government continued to issue international loans to countries around the world.

  Without the background of exporting Aegis, no matter how politically necessary, a low-quality customer like the Tsarist government would not be able to borrow so much money from the empire.

  Unexpectedly, the speed of lending out is fast, and the speed of capital return is equally fast. As the world's largest industrial power, all industrial and commercial products can be found here. Most debtors, after receiving the money, did not hold back their enthusiasm and spent it again.

  Needless to say, in this context, even if the Vienna government just wants to balance trade, the final result will still be a trade surplus.

  The result of the surplus was the influx of large amounts of capital, which not only promoted the economic development of the empire, but also hindered the development of international trade.

  To put it simply, there was a massive outflow of gold and silver, and trading partners became poorer and had no money to buy more goods.

  As you know, changing the economic model is not an easy task. A bad operation will bring huge losses.

  Now Franz somewhat understands why later generations of Americans want to play with deindustrialization. Aren't industries with high labor dependence, moderate pollution, and low technological content the targets of abandonment?

  After almost giving up, people with insight suddenly discovered that the country had become hollow. However, by this time it was already too late.

  Competitors have developed based on cheap labor. If they want to resume industrialization, they can only accelerate artificial intelligence research and rely on robots to compete with cheap labor.

  Franz doesn't know what the final result will be. Anyway, before he traveled through time, artificial intelligence had not yet replaced humans.

  "Which industries is the Ministry of Economic Affairs prepared to give up?"

  Giving up some industries is inevitable, and Franz is not an idealist. How is it possible to enjoy the dividends brought by monetary hegemony without having to bear the consequences of hegemony?

  But the specific industries to be abandoned need to be studied.

  Economy Minister Reinhardt: "The industries that the Ministry of Economic Affairs is planning to abandon are mainly concentrated in low-end manufacturing and non-renewable resource extraction fields.

  They mainly include: rare resource mining industry, textile industry, printing and dyeing industry, and low-end clothing and footwear. Production...

  Considering the needs of domestic economic development and employment, it is obviously unrealistic to directly shut down these industries. In the short term, the measures we have taken are to strictly review and approve the registration of new mining and low-end industrial enterprises.

  At the same time, we will reduce import tariffs on products in related fields. Through time and market competition, we will gradually eliminate these backward production capacities.

  If the plan goes well, we will enter the era of trade deficit in about five years."

  There are no core industries among the industries that are ready to be abandoned, and Franz breathed a sigh of relief. It seems that the Ministry of Economic Affairs is still qualified and knows what the foundation of the country is.

  If someone at the top of the government really proposes to give up core industries, then Franz will have to consider whether to overturn the table and change the way of fighting for monetary hegemony.

  After all, this generation of leaders has been carefully selected by him. They are all so short-sighted, let alone expect future successors.

  Later generations of Americans engaged in industrial hollowing out because they believed that artificial intelligence was developing rapidly and could be picked up again at some point in the future, so they dared to do so.

  Because of errors in judgment, the expected technological breakthrough did not happen, and everyone regretted it.

  If you were to play this way in the 19th century, you can refer to the French in the original time and space. They did not gain monetary hegemony and turned themselves from an industrial empire into a usury empire.

  With the lessons learned from the past, Franz naturally did not dare to take it lightly.

  In the same fight for monetary hegemony, the Vienna government had two choices before it. The most profitable thing is naturally to go into battle personally; as the next best thing, Franz can also push the European Union to seize currency hegemony.

  In a sense, the latter has a greater chance of success. The power of the European Continental Alliance has been gathered these days, not to mention the British, even the whole world combined is not enough.

  The only problem is that the Holy Roman Empire, which has the largest investment, does not get a high rate of return, and may only get a little more now.

  After pondering for a moment, Franz shook his head: "The risks brought by the transformation of the economic model are very high. We are different from the British. We can learn from it, but there is no need to imitate it.

  For the sake of safety, in the short term we can What we do is to reduce mineral mining. Mines that have been developed are left alone, and mines that have not yet been developed must be strictly reviewed.

  Which minerals must be developed, which minerals can be reduced in development, and which minerals can be temporarily not developed. The government must have a clear understanding. It cannot blindly act randomly. , affecting the domestic economic development.

  It is best to introduce relevant natural resources laws to legally prohibit the export of mineral raw materials. Including coal and oil, these energy sources can also be temporarily included in the resource control list and strictly review and approve exports.

  For low-end manufacturing It is enough to strictly review the industry and reduce capital inflows, and let the market make the remaining choices. There is no need to specifically reduce tariffs. Being too deliberate will be unsightly. In the

  short term, the government can focus on pollution control. , especially in the core areas of the local area, heavily polluting enterprises in the upper reaches of lakes or rivers, must be relocated or shut down." It is

  unrealistic to comprehensively control pollution. Not only does it not have the technology, but the Vienna government does not have that much money.

  However, Franz still has the confidence to make some fine-tuning and relocate or close some heavy-polluting enterprises.

  Anyway, in order to promote Aegis, the Holy Roman Empire will gradually enter an era of trade deficit, which is a good opportunity to eliminate some heavily polluting industries.

  In order to promote Aegis, Franz also worked hard. Even our own oil industry can be included in the resource control list.

  Of course, this is also a limitation of the times. The demand for oil in the international market is not high, and the "petroleum-Aegis system" has disappeared.

  Moreover, restricting oil exports is not a benefit. On the surface, it looks like you are making less money, but in reality it is hurting your competitors.

  As an important oil exporting country, once the Holy Roman Empire reduces its crude oil exports, international oil prices will inevitably rise.

  Affected by this, the promotion and use of internal combustion engines will inevitably be affected. Now is the critical period of the second industrial revolution. Once you miss it, it will be difficult to catch up.

  It was a matter of killing two birds with one stone, and Franz didn't mind sacrificing a little money temporarily. Anyway, the oil is buried underground and cannot escape.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1012. Chapter 992 New Trouble-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 992 New Trouble

  The changes in the economic model have an all-round impact. As the new European overlord, every move of the Holy Roman Empire has attracted much attention from the outside world.

  Even though the Vienna government took small steps, the implementation of the New Economic Policy still attracted the attention of European governments.

  Attention must be paid to what kind of economic policies to implement are the housework of the Holy Roman Empire, and it is not the turn of outsiders to intervene.

  Apart from a few shouts from the loudmouths who advocated free economics, there was little movement. Compared with changes in the economic policies of the Holy Roman Empire, the public paid more attention to the French Civil War and the Japanese-Spanish War.

  Especially the French Civil War, it is the favorite of people who eat melons. The anti-French war has just ended, and the hatred has not completely faded away. Naturally, everyone enjoys watching the enemy's misfortune.

  Ordinary people can watch the fun, but governments cannot. If the French Civil War continues, reparations will become like "the moon in the water, the flower in the mirror", which can be seen but cannot be touched.

  The Belgian government was the first to lose its composure. As the biggest victim of the European War, Belgium fell directly from a developed country to an extremely poor country.

  Post-war reconstruction continued, almost all supplies had to be purchased from abroad, and national tax revenue was approximately zero. The Belgian government's only income now is war reparations paid by the French.

  It is now the second half of the year, not far from the settlement period. If the French Civil War does not end, this year's war reparations will be in vain.

  You must know that the Belgian is currently relying on debt to survive. All funds for post-war reconstruction come from international loans. Every penny is spent in two government halves. Even the salaries of government employees cannot be paid normally.

  Now we are counting on the French compensation to pay the salaries of public officials to prevent the people below from going on strike.

  Theoretically speaking, now that the revolutionaries are besieged in Paris, the aristocratic group has the upper hand militarily and should win soon.

  It is a pity that there are many conflicts within the French aristocratic group. Although the Vienna government reconciled the conflicts between the three major royalists, it only suppressed the conflicts on the surface, and secret hindrances still occurred from time to time.

  In contrast, the situation of the new government in Paris is much better. Regardless of whether it was voluntary or forced, everyone got on the pirate ship, with their hands covered in blood, and there was only one way to fight to the end.

  Don't look at the fact that the revolutionary party can go into exile every time the uprising fails, and you think it is easy to run away. In fact, only the top leaders succeeded in running away every time, and ordinary revolutionaries simply did not have the capital to flee.

  On one side is the aristocratic alliance with their own ulterior motives, and on the other side are the revolutionaries who are cornered. Naturally, the fighting power unleashed by both sides is not on the same level. If the anti-French alliance had not supported the royalists behind the scenes, the offensive and defensive positions of the two sides would have changed long ago.

  Support is support, the Allies did not directly send troops to intervene in this civil war. On the one hand, it was because of Carlos's firm opposition, and on the other hand, there were divisions within the anti-French alliance.

  Although the performance of the aristocratic group is poor, they still have a strategic advantage. As long as the siege continues, the royalists will sooner or later kill the enemy.

  Except for a few poor people who have to wait for rice to be eaten, most countries in the anti-French alliance are happy to watch the French kill each other.

  Although the European War severely damaged France, it still did not change the fact that France was a big country. There are lessons from history, no one dares to take France lightly.

  Now the French are killing each other and consuming the country's vitality, which is exactly what everyone wants to see. In a sense, civil war is the most cruel. No matter who wins or loses, it consumes one's own national power.

  If you look at the history books, you will know that the greatest damage caused by civil wars has never been on the battlefield. The most people died outside the battlefield.

  Although there are no specific statistics on casualties, a rough number can still be derived based on changes in France's food imports.

  According to data released by the European Grain Export Association, since the outbreak of the French Civil War, total grain imports have dropped by 27.4% from the previous month.

  The main reason for the decline in total food imports is that the French people's pockets have been emptied and they have lost their purchasing power; the second reason is that after Paris was besieged, food from the outside was unable to be imported.

  Nothing can be seen from the simple ratio. If converted into specific figures, it means that France has added millions of people who need to solve the problem of food.

  Of course, actual data may vary. After all, countless refugees die of illness and starvation every day. As the population decreases, the food gap will naturally decrease.

  In this context, it is naturally difficult for Belgium to gain support for its proposed armed intervention.

  ...

  In the Palace of Vienna, Emperor Franz, whose conscience is still intact, is currently worrying about solving the refugee problem in France.

  The assistance of the Continental Alliance is based on the successful restoration of the Bourbon Dynasty. Before the dust settles, everyone will not risk losing their money to provide help to the French.

  Did the Vienna government step in to help the French? This is even more impossible. Hatred is not only spread among the French, but also exists in the hearts of the majority of HRE people.

  Anyone who supports the French at this time will be in trouble with the majority of the HRE people, especially the anti-French sentiments of the people in Luxembourg and the Rhineland.

  In order to take care of his family's emotions, Franz could not risk the world's disapproval and provide substantial help to the French.

  Of course, this was the official explanation given to the Bourbons. As for whether the French believe it or not, I don’t know. Anyway, Franz did worry about the French refugees.

  Since the outbreak of the French Civil War, more and more French refugees have crossed the border into the HRE. In order to survive, the refugees obviously did not care about the hatred of their country and family.

  Repatriation has no effect at all. Even if they are sent back, they will not be able to find enough food, and these people will come back in a few days.

  It doesn't matter if you are arrested and imprisoned, at least Shinra's prison will provide food, which is much better than starving. Anyway, the refugees will surrender when they encounter the defenders. As long as you are willing to take care of the food, you can do whatever you like.

  The attention of the European public is focused on the French Civil War, and naturally there are many media outlets paying attention to the refugee issue. For the sake of international reputation, many extraordinary measures cannot be used.

  Especially the children who came here, regardless of whether their parents were around or not, considered themselves orphans and refused to leave.

  The adults can be repatriated and arrested, but they can do nothing against this group of orphan defenders. In the end, we had to keep it first, and the frontline military camps almost turned into nurseries.

  How to deal with these refugees has become the biggest problem facing the Vienna government.

  "What, Leopold II is coming to Vienna?"

  Belgium is full of things, and it is when he, the king, is needed to stabilize people's hearts. Leopold II's visit to Vienna at this time must not be just to visit relatives. .

  "Yes, Your Majesty!"

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg replied: "The Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has just sent a telegram. It is said that Leopold II has set off from the country. He is expected to enter the empire tonight. Let us arrange Special train."

  Leopold II used practical actions to explain what it means to act vigorously and resolutely, and he came directly regardless of whether the Vienna government was willing to receive it.

  "Let the railway company arrange a special train, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will handle the reception according to normal specifications. The royal family will send Maximilianno as a representative this time."

  (Alias: Maximilian)

  Regardless of the purpose, the visitor is a guest. Diplomatic etiquette is still indispensable. Being idle was idle, and Franz decided to find something to do for his unlucky brother.

  They are all relatives anyway, so there is nothing wrong with letting Maximiliano receive his brother-in-law.

  Frankly speaking, the Franz brothers have a good relationship. As long as Maximiliano doesn't come to ask for advice on how to govern the country, we are all good brothers.

  Unfortunately, the fanaticism of idealists cannot be matched by ordinary people. Even after so many years, Maximilianno still did not abandon his obligations as emperor.

  Of course, after so many years of growth, Maximiliano is still much more mature than when he was young. This can be seen from his carefully prepared development strategy for Mexico.

  If this had been done thirty years ago, and with the support of the Vienna government, Maximiliano would have probably secured the throne of Mexico, at least not something that a former president could overthrow.

  It's a pity that I have everything but no regret medicine. Times are developing and the international situation is changing. Mexico is far more complicated now than it was thirty years ago. Even if the restoration is successful, it will be difficult to stabilize the country.

  Franz has never been interested in buying and selling with high risks and low returns. If we really had the time to go to the murky waters of Mexico, it would be better to pull the British from their position as ocean hegemons as soon as possible.

  Whether it is Australia, New Zealand, Canada or British Africa, which one is not more attractive than Mexico?

  Direct annexation is not realistic. It is still very easy to establish an independent state, at least easier than taking over Mexico. At least these areas don't have as many people as Mexico, and they don't have such complicated racial conflicts.

  After the reception work is arranged, the episode is over. As for the real purpose of Leopold II's visit, Franz was not that curious yet.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1013. Chapter 993 The Cruel Leopold II-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 993: The Cruel Leopold II

  In the Grand Hotel in Vienna, a touching aspect appears. Two unlucky men complain to each other. The scene makes those who hear it sad and those who hear it shed tears.

  Then there was nothing more, no matter how much Maximiliano wanted to help, it was meaningless.

  In order to restore the country in these years, Maximiliano not only exhausted his personal connections, but also owed a lot of favors. Today, his personal influence on the Vienna government has been infinitely close to zero.

  Apart from being good-looking, Maximiliano, the Mexican emperor in exile, was nothing but a hollow figure. The only role is probably that he has a high enough status and can help speak at critical moments. I don't know whether it can be useful.

  With this little help, Leopold II was still unwilling to give up. No matter what, it is better to have someone to help you speak than no one to help you.

  No matter how low Maximiliano's political voice is, he is still the one who can directly exert influence on Franz. Being able to receive hundreds of thousands of restoration funds every year is the best proof.

  However, people will grow up. Although he was very moved and very happy to provide help to Belgium, Maximiliano is no longer the boy he used to be.

  "Leopold, I personally advise you not to have too much hope. As far as I know, the Vienna government has another fiscal deficit this year.

  If you really want to get funds from Vienna, it is best to go through private channels. Financing. Although the interest on funds that need to be paid is a little higher, there is no need to pay a high price politically."

  This is what Maximiliano really said. Aid and interest-free loans are so embarrassing. This is no longer the period of the European War. Belgium's importance to the Holy Ra Empire has been greatly reduced, and the Vienna government is not the victim.

  If the number is small, maybe it is useful for Belgium to cry out for poverty and sell out miserably. The problem is that Belgium currently has a huge funding gap, and the interests involved are huge.

  Leopold II naturally thought about these problems, but there is no way now. Ordinary international financing not only carries high interest rates, but also comes with a large number of political additional conditions.

  The most critical thing is that the Belgian government has already mortgaged everything that can be pledged in previous loans. Now it cannot provide enough mortgage items. It relies purely on the government's credit guarantee, and the financial consortium simply does not buy it.

  Not only Vienna, but also the Belgian government has borrowed money from all major financial markets in Europe. Now all the larger banks and financial companies in Europe are creditors of the Belgian government.

  In order to raise enough funds, the Belgian government has done a lot of repeated mortgages, deceptions and abductions.

  Unfortunately, financial institutions are too shrewd and have no confidence in the Belgian government's repayment ability. Each time, they receive more collateral but very little money is lent.

  Post-war reconstruction expenditures greatly exceeded the budget, and normal business channels were blocked, so Leopold II made this trip to Vienna.

  "Maximiliano, don't you know who those vampires are? With the current situation in Belgium, do you think it is possible to get a normal commercial loan?"

  Seeing the helpless expression on Leopold II's face, Maximiliano nodded very sympathetically. After all, he has been an emperor, so he naturally knows what a bank is.

  "Borrow an umbrella when it's sunny and take it away when it rains." This is no joke. When he was the emperor of Mexico, Maximiliano suffered a lot of difficulties.

  Loans that seem very conscientious on the surface are just used to fool ordinary people. The real interest rates are always horribly high.

  To this day, Maximiliano still clearly remembers the first time he got a loan. I used the silver mines in Mexico as collateral and got a seemingly generous loan.

  The annual interest rate on the surface is only 2.5%. In fact, there are a lot of handling fees. Even worse loans are issued in installments, but the interest must be calculated in full. The final converted real interest rate is as high as 14.62% per year.

  This was a conscience loan given by Napoleon III after personally communicating with the French consortium out of support for him.

  If there is no government intervention and the banks are allowed to play freely, it will be true usury. No one knows how much the highest amount is. Anyway, Maximiliano borrowed an international loan with a 50% discount on the principal, an interest rate as high as 46.9%, and a lot of additional conditions.

  Of course, Maximiliano was not at a disadvantage either. Although the interest rate is a little higher and the additional conditions are hundreds of millions of points higher, this is a high-risk loan. With the fall of the Mexican Empire, these debts became bad debts.

  The sequelae was that when Maximiliano wanted to restore the country's financing, no bank was willing to lend money to the government-in-exile. Even if he borrowed money in his own name, no bank would lend him money.

  Government debt is not equal to the emperor's debt, and there is no joint liability between the two parties. Theoretically speaking, as a direct member of the Habsburg family, Maximiliano was still a high-quality customer in the eyes of the bank. He would definitely be fine if he couldn't borrow more than 1.8 million.

  It's a pity that Franz told the financial world early that anyone who dared to lend money to Maximiliano personally would be in trouble with the Habsburg dynasty.

  Capital is profit-seeking and weak. No bank leader is determined to confront the Habsburg dynasty for a little interest income.

  As a result, the unknowing Maximiliano ran into obstacles one after another, thinking that he had become a downcast phoenix and was being insulted by vampires.

  After hesitating for a while, Maximiliano said slowly: "Leopold, on this issue, I can only help you convey that your country is encountering difficulties.

  In the end, it is the Vienna government that can make the decision. You'd better Don't have too much hope. My brother rarely gets involved in this kind of thing."

  Politics is such a reality, but for anything that offends people, the cabinet will always take the blame, and Emperor Franz the Great is the one who really makes the decision. , usually only appears when everyone is happy.

  Based on Maximiliano's understanding of his brother, unless the Belgian government can provide sufficient benefits in exchange, this kind of effort for nothing will probably not be passed.

  "Thanks!"

  "If the Vienna government can provide us with the required assistance, then all international trade settlements in Belgium will be conducted using Aegis in the future."

  Leopold II gritted his teeth and said.

  In a sense, this is a betrayal of national sovereignty, but Belgium has no better choice.

  There was insufficient funds for post-war reconstruction, and the French could not get their compensation. In order to raise funds, Belgium had mortgaged everything it could, and now it only has a few chips left in its hands.

  Had it not been for the discovery that the Vienna government was planning to turn Aegis into an international settlement currency, Leopold II would not have known that settlement currencies could also be traded.

  After all, before this, most international trade settlements were completed using gold, and sometimes silver was also used for settlement. Using Aegis to settle accounts was the time when countries started trade with the Holy Roman Empire.

  The use of Aegis for all trade settlements not only means that Belgium has given up on gold and silver settlements, but also means that Belgium will link its currency to Aegis, turning it from a pure gold standard country to a hybrid Aegis and gold standard.

  However, because Aegis and gold are freely convertible and the currency value is relatively stable, there is not much difference between this hybrid standard and the pure gold standard.

  The gap is not big now, but it does not mean that the gap will not be big in the future. Once Aegis and Gold were decoupled, the situation took a completely different turn.

  There is no doubt that no one is aware of these issues at the moment. Normal people dare not imagine the decoupling of Aegis and gold. No one knows that future economic development will be so fast that gold production will not be able to meet actual demand.

  If he had known this, Leopold II would never have made it so carelessly as a condition. After all, the negotiations have not officially started. The current conditions can only be regarded as sincerity, and the final price to be paid will definitely be greater.

  Maximiliano nodded, feeling relieved. The battle for currency hegemony between Aegis and Pound Sterling has been going on for more than a day or two. Even he, the exiled emperor who is far away from politics, has heard about it.

  Belgium's current stance is not only about economic interests, but more importantly, it is about the political team.

  As early as a few years ago, Britain and Austria had developed their own settlement systems and also tried to win over European countries. It’s just that the conditions at that time were not mature enough. Even if there was an inclination, no country dared to announce that all settlements would be done in a certain country’s currency.

  If Belgium stands up now, it will be the first country in the world to publicly announce that all settlements will be made using Aegis. This alone can gain a lot of favor from the Vienna government.

  Belgium, which is currently very poor, dares to do such a thing. The full use of Aegis for settlement not only harms the British government politically, but also excludes its own products from the British market.

  Whether it was for the sake of face or profit, it was impossible for the London government to accept Aegis as the settlement currency for British-Belgian trade. You must know that Anglo-Austrian trade is now mainly settled in gold.

  Even if the Vienna government wants to make Aegis an international settlement currency, it is not that radical. At present, it only plans to make Aegis the internal settlement currency of the European Union.

  Knowing the consequences would be serious, Leopold II did it anyway. The reason is very cruel. Currently, only Britain and Austria have the ability to provide funds to Belgium.

  Even though the Vienna government seems to be financially tight, that's all relative, and money will come out if you squeeze it.

  Moreover, just because the government has no money does not mean that it cannot provide the money. After more than a year of buffering, no matter how tight the financial markets of the Holy Roman Empire were, tens of millions of funds would not be unavailable.

  Funds for post-war reconstruction are not spent in one day. As long as there are 1,000 to 8 million in emergency relief, the remaining funds can be allocated next month.

  The situation in Europe has become clear, and Belgium cannot afford to continue to be half-hearted. If he is hooking up with a British person for a loan right now, it would definitely be a sign that he is tired of living.

  He had to be a ponyboy anyway, so Leopold II decided to take a gamble and grab the position of the number one ponyboy. Although the number one horse boy needs to charge into battle, which is a bit dangerous, the benefits are huge!

  Prior to this, high-level Belgian government officials also studied it carefully.

  With the current gathering momentum of the Holy Roman Empire, as long as the Vienna government does not seek death, the status of the European hegemon has been stabilized, and the probability of replacing the British as the maritime hegemon is also very high.

  Belgium's size is limited. If they don't get close immediately, their value will be gone if they are overtaken by other countries.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1014.Chapter 994: Winning Tactics-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 994: Winning Tactics

  At the Palace of Vienna, after hearing the news brought by his brother, Franz said expresslessly: "Okay, the cabinet will handle the Belgian issue, so you don't need to continue to interfere.

  Now the franc has Now that we have hit rock bottom, let your government-in-exile pay off the debts of the French first and take the opportunity to gain a sense of presence!"

  Without expectations, there is no disappointment. Franz would not be disappointed since he had never had confidence in Maximiliano from the beginning.

  In a sense, Massimiliano's performance was much better than Franz expected. Except for his serious idealism, he performed very well in other aspects.

  After so many years of development,

  the Mexican Restoration Organization led by Maximiliano has gradually grown and grown, especially among European students.

  These days, the European continent is originally the stronghold of the monarchy, and governments of all countries are instilling the idea of ​​loyalty to the monarch and patriotism. Maximiliano has a foot in it, and the governments of all countries are also happy to see the results.

  Regardless of his ability, Maximiliano was still blameless in terms of personal morality. Compared with the warlords in Mexico, the impression he left on everyone as an exiled emperor was not very good.

  Franz was very helpful in this regard. He used official weapons for private use more than once to clear the name of Maximiliano, the exiled emperor.

  The Mexican students who were able to study in Europe were not from ordinary families. As these people returned home after completing their studies, the tentacles of the restoration organization also returned to Mexico.

  If the current situation continues, and with the support of the Vienna government, Maximiliano may one day be able to regain his power.

  Of course, this is only possible. Neither the British nor the Americans wanted to see the Habsburg flag appear again in Mexico.

  The most critical thing is that Maximiliano's ability is insufficient, and there are no talented people in the restoration organization to cope with the complex situation in Mexico. The restoration will push him to hell.

  Not to mention anything else, he didn't even notice such a good opportunity for the depreciation of the franc, and Franz had to remind him personally, so he knew what Massimiliano's restoration organization was.

  "Depreciate the franc - pay off the debt - gain a sense of presence!"

  Maximiliano, who was awakened, looked at Franz in disbelief. This operation was beyond his cognition.

  There is no doubt that this is an aboveboard hooliganism. However, the French can't say anything yet. The depreciation of the franc is their own fault and has nothing to do with Maximiliano.

  According to the current astonishing currency value of the franc, you only need to throw one Aegis to the bank, and you can generously say: "Convert it into francs to repay the debt, and you don't need to find the rest." A

  bank has one Aegis, no more than one Aegis at most. With a hundred aegis, the debt of the Mexican Empire to the French could be paid off.

  Of course, if there is an additional condition in the loan contract: settlement in gold, then there is no way to play like this.

  However, this is almost impossible to happen. Thirty years ago, who knew France would be in the situation it is today?

  Under normal circumstances, even if the franc depreciates, it will only be a short-term fluctuation, and the extent of the depreciation will not be too great. With the ultra-high interest rates on loans, even if the currency value fluctuates, it will still be a profit.

  Anyone who is confident in their own country will not raise the issue of currency value changes when issuing international loans. This is true all over the world, including loans issued by the Holy Roman Empire, which are all settled in Aegis, and few people raise the issue of currency value.

  Regardless of whether the franc has depreciated or not, the government-in-exile takes the initiative to repay its debts. This spirit of abiding by the contract is worthy of special mention. If the franc depreciates, it will only bring misfortune to the Chinese people.

  The European media will definitely not miss this opportunity to attract attention and increase newspaper sales. It doesn't even cost a hundred Aegis to be on trending searches. There is no reason to let such a good thing go by.

  "Okay, I'll make arrangements right away!"

  Massimiliano's soft ears were his most obvious weakness, but being obedient was his greatest strength. Basically, he would do whatever Franz ordered him to do seriously.

  If it weren't for this advantage, Franz would have given up on it long ago, let alone sponsoring an annual restoration fund.

  In fact, funds for national restoration were not available from the beginning. In the beginning, it was all thanks to Maximiliano's alms and his parents' financial support. It was not until the late 19th century, when Franz's pockets gradually bulged, that this "huge" sponsorship came into being.

  "Well!"

  "There is no rush on the restoration issue. What you need most right now is to find talents. Governing a country has never been a matter for the emperor alone. You need the help of a team. The

  Mexican Restoration Organization is too loose, and the members inside are more It is a mixed bag of fish and snakes, with almost no climate, and it is simply unable to assume the important task of governing a country.

  Especially in a country with complex national conditions like Mexico, the requirements for government officials are even higher. This kind of thing cannot be rushed, so we can only It's up to you to discover them slowly.

  In a sense, discovering and appointing talents are the skills a monarch needs to master most. You still haven't done enough in this regard."

  Although you have no hope for Maximiliano's restoration How much hope, but in front of his brother himself, Franz would definitely not say that.

  People cannot live without ideals. Regardless of whether they are ultimately realized, they must have a goal to strive for. If he were to tell the truth, Maximiliano would have been beaten to death long ago.

  Telling lies is also an art, and Franz is not good at it. On the issue of restoration, Franz never gave a positive evaluation, but only pointed out problems at the appropriate time.

  If it weren't for him, the behind-the-scenes strategist who commanded remotely, and Maximiliano himself was willing to accept opinions humbly, based on the original way of playing, it is estimated that the Mexican Restoration Organization would have disbanded long ago.

  If an emperor in exile has no means, why should he let others work for you?

  No matter how much advice is given, the natural law of "birds of a feather flock together and people flock together" has not changed.

  An idealistic leader gathers a bunch of idealistic followers. It's okay for such organizations to engage in propaganda, but if they are really allowed to govern the country, it's nonsense.

  ...

  At the time of Leopold II's trip to Vienna, the situation in Paris changed again.

  The aristocratic coalition led by Carlos surrounded the city of Paris from all sides. In order to reduce casualties, or because someone inside was holding back, they were forced to change it to a long-term siege.

  No matter how good the new government in Paris is doing, the essence of "people are like iron rice and steel, and they will starve if they don't eat one meal" cannot be changed.

  Foreign grain cannot be imported, and Paris, which relies solely on stored grain to support itself, will obviously not be able to sustain it for long.

  Unfortunately, the revolutionary climax expected by the new government did not erupt with the victory of the Paris Revolution; instead, the revolution fell into a low ebb with the news of the Bourbon Restoration.

  It's not that the French people have no revolutionary enthusiasm, it's just that they are too hungry and have no energy to make a revolution.

  Out of support for the Bourbons, the Continental Alliance made the decision to import all supplies from France and only trade with the Bourbons.

  Simply put, wherever a revolution breaks out, there will be an economic blockade. Not to mention the aristocrats who were originally opposed to revolution, even the intellectuals, middle class, and workers who were originally inclined to revolution have now changed their stance.

  It doesn't matter if it's voluntary or not. Anyway, as long as everyone knows that following the Revolutionary Party will lead to starvation, no one will be willing to go.

  People outside have a choice, but people trapped in Paris have no choice. If you want to leave the city and surrender, you must first pass through the mine array.

  These are sponsored free of charge by international caring people, and all come from the unsalable products left over from the European War. In order to avoid being wasted after expiration, the Allies gave them to the noble coalition forces.

  Don't use it for free. In order to avoid sneak attacks by the defenders in the city, King Carlos, who was about to ascend the throne, decided to adopt a lie-win tactic and ordered a huge mine array to be deployed outside Paris.

  There is no need to worry about safety issues, except that people inside can’t get out, and people outside can’t get in.

  However, they don't need to go in now. When the city runs out of food, the war will be over. This tactic has almost no shortcomings except that it takes a little longer.

  As for the life and death of the people in the city, they were all defined as mobs, so the nobles naturally didn't care.

  Food reserves were insufficient, and in order to sustain food for a longer period of time, the new government had to adopt a limited supply system. It was fine at the beginning, with leaders taking the lead, everyone following the same standards, and no one having any objections.

  Over time, things changed. Black sheep exist everywhere, and the new government in Paris is no exception.

  Driven by profit, underground black markets emerged quietly one after another. As long as you have money, there are almost no restrictions. Of course, this money does not refer to francs. All that can be traded are hard currencies, such as gold, silver, jewelry, pounds, Aegis, etc.

  Naturally, the food that ends up on the black market does not appear out of thin air. The new government still has very strict management of the granary. If bureaucrats want to make a fortune, they can only deduct the rations of ordinary people.

  People's greed is endless. At first they deducted two or three points, but when they saw no big reaction from the people, they deducted more and more shares until they exceeded everyone's limit...

  (End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1015. Chapter 995 Gambling-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 995 Gambling

  "If you get it, leave quickly. Don't block it here and delay the people behind you from getting food."

  Looking at the moldy potato in his hand, the young man couldn't believe that this was his day's ration.

  I couldn't help but ask: "Isn't there a piece of bread yesterday? Why is there only one potato today? How can we survive?"

  The official responsible for distributing food scolded disdainfully: "What nonsense! Why not?" Do you think for yourself?

  If it weren't for refugees like you, there wouldn't be a food shortage in the city. Now everyone is starving together. It's good to have something to eat. If you want to be picky, get out of here!"

  Hungry! In front of us, all the ugliness of human nature was exposed. The influx of refugees has harmed the interests of local people. Although the new government is trying its best to suppress the conflicts between the two sides, the conflicts between the two sides have never stopped secretly. As the situation continues to worsen, this contradiction has become increasingly intense.

  Despite the changing situation in Paris, the government has changed several times, but the middle and lower-level officials are basically still the same people.

  Seeing that the new government is about to be ruined again, the bureaucrats have become crazy. As long as they can make money, they will do anything.

  Naturally, the first to suffer are the refugees. Anyway, these people are helpless and their death is in vain. They are naturally the most bullied.

  Do the top leaders of the new government really don't know?

  not necessarily!

  The enemy was too cunning and directly adopted siege tactics without entering the city at all. Even if the new government had all kinds of calculations, there was no room for it to be used.

  The lower-level soldiers who had originally planned to instigate rebellion against the noble coalition were now blocked by rows of mines, making it impossible for the two sides to even make contact.

  In this context, if the top leaders of the new government do not want to go to the guillotine, they can only wait for the arrival of the revolutionary climax.

  The food stored in the city is limited. If you want to persist for a longer time, the only way is to reduce the population. The top officials of the government may not be happy to see the bureaucrats below doing whatever they want.

  A darker guess is that if the refugees don't conflict with the locals, then the people who don't have enough to eat will target the new government with hatred.

  Human greed is unlimited. Once you taste the sweetness of withholding food and reselling it, you can no longer stop it. It's not surprising that the scene before us appeared,

  "What? There is only one potato. Is it going to starve us to death!"

  "There is only one potato. Isn't someone stealing our rations? One potato is going to starve us to death!" Push us to a dead end."

  "No, I have to get bread today!"

  ...

  "Bang, bang, bang..."

  Gunshots rang out, and the scene fell silent instantly. Faced with soldiers armed with live ammunition, it is really difficult for unorganized refugees to muster the courage to resist.

  "Kill the troublemakers!"

  "The food we give you for free is all saved by us one bite at a time. If anyone feels dissatisfied, you don't have to ask for it. No one will force you! If you want

  to receive relief food, just follow the rules. If you don't have enough to eat, that's your own problem. How many people in Paris can have enough to eat now? Everyone is hungry, why can't you?" The

  Murderous words of the middle-aged official suppressed the chaotic scene, leaving only Next came a pair of glaring eyes.

  There is no right or wrong in the adult world, only pros and cons. If you look around, you can see that most of the refugees who came to queue are young and strong, and it is rare to see the old and the weak. It is self-evident what happened behind this.

  Everyone is working hard to survive, there is nothing to blame, and no one is any cleaner than anyone else. If you want to survive in this troubled world, you have to be ruthless.

  ...

  In the Presidential Palace, Daniel, as the leader of the government, was looking out the window at the moment, with countless sorrows on his brows.

  The crisis in Paris has just begun. It is autumn now. The main contradiction in Paris is food. After a while, heating will become a new contradiction.

  "It's hard for a clever woman to make a meal without rice." Daniel racked his brains and couldn't think of a way to solve the shortage of supplies.

  If it were before raising the butcher's knife against the nobles, there would still be a possibility for both parties to compromise. In order to keep Paris intact, the Bourbons would probably make a deal with them, and it would not be difficult to get a preferential treatment.

  This is no longer possible. In previous purges, the revolutionary government had been stained with the blood of the aristocratic group. Surrendering is a dead end, and only by carrying on to the death can there be a chance of survival.

  Although he was unwilling to admit it, the cruel reality told Daniel that this "glitter of hope" was becoming more and more elusive.

  The expected revolutionary climax has yet to break out, and Daniel knows that this revolution has failed again. It's not that they don't work hard enough, it's that the enemy is too powerful.

  From the moment the royalists reached a compromise, the strength of both sides was determined. Behind the Bourbons there was the Continental League, and behind them there was nothing.

  Even the United States, which was originally leaning towards them, would simply not be able to withstand the pressure of the Continental Alliance and provide them with support at this time.

  "Dong dong dong..."

  There was a knock on the door, which brought Daniel back to reality, and he said slowly: "Come in!"

  The young man said breathlessly: "Mr. Daniel, our negotiations with the enemy have failed. Yes. They refused to open a hole to let people out of the city because they were worried about us pretending to be refugees."

  "Got it!"

  Daniel replied coldly. As if this is just a trivial matter, not worth taking seriously.

  This is also to be expected. Politics is cruel, and the successful restoration of the Bourbon dynasty is imminent, so naturally they do not want to cause trouble at this time.

  Opening a hole to let refugees out of the city may not seem like a big problem, but in fact it is asking for trouble. There are a million more mouths to talk about. The key is that it increases the risk of restoration failure.

  There are millions of people in Paris. If these people are left in the city, the revolutionary government will be defeated in a few months. The Bourbons can win without doing anything.

  If all these people are released, all material crises in the city will be solved. Then there is nothing to say but street fighting with the revolutionaries.

  Not to mention the heavy price to pay, the question is, will the refugees accepted be grateful to the Bourbon dynasty?

  the answer is negative.

  People's hearts are complicated, maybe everyone will be grateful at first. But this kind of gratitude will not last, and soon everyone will turn to hatred due to a series of problems such as untimely resettlement and insufficient supply of materials.

  Coupled with the instigation of revolutionaries, an anti-hunger uprising might break out outside the city. Similar things have never happened in human history.

  If it really wanted to let the refugees leave, the revolutionary government would have done it as early as the beginning of the civil war, and there was no need to wait until now.

  If the noble coalition launches an siege immediately after arriving, then the refugees are the best cannon fodder and can be used to drain the enemy's strength.

  As an extreme idealist, in Daniel's eyes, as long as his ideals can be realized, everything can be sacrificed, including his own life and property, let alone a group of refugees?

  After pausing for a while, Daniel added: "Myron, please inform us to activate the backup plan. At this point, we can't worry about so much anymore." The

  young man's face changed greatly, and he hesitated: "Daniel Sir, do you really want to do this? The enemy may not be fooled. If the enemy doesn't come, then..."

  "No chance!"

  "Either life or death. This is a gamble. If you win the bet, France will be nothing. An ideal country without oppression and exploitation; I lost the bet..."

  At this point, Daniel's words stopped abruptly. If the bet is lost, they are all dead, so naturally they don't need to know what will happen next.

  ...

  "Hand over the food, or I'll beat you to death!"

  "Bang!"

  The middle-aged man surrounded attacked first. At this time, food is life, and he has to fight to survive.

  Similar scenes take place every day in the streets of Paris. In the face of hunger, nature's most instinctive survival of the fittest appears.

  The police, who were supposed to maintain order, gradually withdrew from everyone's sight at some point. Except for official gathering areas and main streets, they are almost invisible in other areas.

  In order to survive, more and more people began to form groups. Black power gangs emerged one after another, and vicious criminal incidents such as robbery, rape, and murder emerged one after another.

  The government's indifference finally aroused people's dissatisfaction. The anti-hunger movement sprouted from the refugee camps and soon spread among Paris workers and citizens.

  On October 21, 1893, a massive anti-hunger march broke out in Paris, and the people's cries were directly transmitted to Carlos' headquarters outside the city.

  Whether or not to launch an siege once again became the focus of controversy among the nobles.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1016.Chapter 996 Paris is Crying-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 996 Paris Is Crying

  "The international community has put a lot of pressure on us. Now that the opportunity has come, we should end this damn war as soon as possible!"

  ...

  "No! Paris is a mess now, and anyone caught in it will be buried. . If you listen carefully, you will know that there is a shortage of food in the city.

  The rebels cannot feed the refugees, and neither can we. You must know that we have resettled three million refugees. If one million more come, what a scene It's simply unimaginable!"

  …

  "Don't sound so scary, as long as you find a way, the problem can always be solved. The international community continues to urge us to end the war as soon as possible, and now is the best opportunity."

  …

  “The prerequisite for ending the war is that you can afford to feed so many refugees! After the scourge of the chaos, it is estimated that all the people in Paris will now become refugees.

  We don't have that much food in our hands, and even purchasing it from abroad immediately will take time. If the rebels burn down the granary in the city, then they will really hit the jackpot."

  ...

  Everyone was arguing, which was very painful for Carlos. As a reserve member of the king, he is really not suitable to intervene at this time.

  If you support the attack, you will cause trouble for yourself; if you oppose the siege, you will be accused of ignoring death.

  The essence of disputes within the aristocratic group is due to interests. Vienna could persuade the three major royalists on the issue of succession, but it had no way to help with the division of interests.

  When it comes to vital interests, no matter who you are, you must stand up and fight. The current situation is very obvious. The orthodox nobles are all opposed to the siege, while some of the other two factions support and some oppose.

  In essence, this also involves betting. The orthodox faction has always been a supporter of the Bourbon dynasty, and they have placed a heavy bet on Carlos early on. Once the restoration is successful and he becomes a major contributor, they will definitely get the biggest piece of the cake.

  The other two factions were different. The quick-reacting ones followed suit, while the slow-reacting ones did nothing. The battle for the throne was settled.

  After the civil war broke out, the nobles who had already made bets had money and talents, and became the core of this coalition of nobles. Although other nobles also contributed greatly, they were still a step too late and occupied a secondary position in the coalition.

  If the restoration is completed smoothly, then the future French government construction will basically be the same as it is now. The core characters are still the core, and the marginal characters are still on the margins.

  Some nobles who are not satisfied with the status quo are now clamoring to break through Paris and prepare to take over the millions of mouths in the city.

  The provisional government had limited food, and the nobles who supported Bourbon had already donated generously to relieve refugees. Now that so many mouths have suddenly appeared, there will definitely be problems with the food supply.

  Once the food supply is insufficient, opportunities will come. To survive the food crisis, the provisional government had to turn to the nobles with food for help, and these marginalized guys could return to the center of power.

  The struggle for power has always been cruel, and now the people in Paris have unfortunately become the focus of the game between the two sides. No one knows what the final result will be. The only thing that is certain is that this quarrel will not end for a while.

  The reserve king is not yet the king. No matter how many supporters there are, Carlos cannot exercise the power of the king as long as he does not officially ascend the throne for one day.

  At the moment, apart from trying to reconcile the conflicts between all parties, Carlos, the reserve king, can essentially do nothing, and is only slightly better than a mascot.

  ...

  The noble group was arguing endlessly, but the situation in the city was completely out of control. Once Pandora's box is opened, it is difficult to close it.

  Daniel's cruel plot has now turned into a tragic drama. There was no way, he just calculated the first step correctly, but overestimated the efficiency of the aristocratic group.

  The chaos in Paris is indeed the best time to send troops to attack the city, but sending troops must also be discussed by all parties, and it is not just whoever has the loudest voice.

  Then, a tragic scene happened. The bait is almost soaked and the fish are still sleeping at home.

  There is no such thing as a soldier's speed, and they are still busy in meetings. Even if an agreement is reached, there are so many landmines outside the city that cannot be cleared in a short time.

  The coalition of nobles can make ink, but the situation in the city cannot wait. The people of Paris, who failed to protest, launched another uprising out of anger. Whether he likes it or not, Daniel must first suppress the rebellion.

  It is conceivable that the next scene will definitely be difficult to sing. Without tricking the noble coalition into coming in, let alone turning defeat into victory, there would be no chance to escape.

  Not everyone is as passionate as Daniel and is willing to give everything for the revolution. More people still do it for their own wealth and life. The main reason why everyone agreed to this unreliable trick was to create an opportunity to escape.

  To be able to become a high-level member of the revolutionary government, his background is not too low, and he must have many connections. Otherwise, he would have met God long ago.

  The French nobility are not monolithic. As long as they are willing to spend money, it is not a problem at all to find a way out. If that doesn't work, you can still buy a road from the Russians.

  But there is a prerequisite for all of this, the mines outside the city must be cleared first. That thing doesn't know anyone, so it will blow up anyone who steps on it.

  Originally, they were planning to drive the refugees to visit Lei, but Daniel stopped them. Perhaps because they realized that artificial mine tripping was unreliable and would cause serious consequences, everyone just accepted the "bitter meat plan" plan.

  Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly. The show had already begun, but the audience was blocked outside. This performance was in vain.

  The chaotic people are definitely no match for the regular army. Even the revolutionary army is a rabble, but it is a rabble with weapons and cannot be fought by ordinary people.

  But the people have no way out. They must either starve to death or give it a try. They have no choice but to fight to survive.

  In order to gain support from the coalition forces outside the city, the rebels even flew the flag of the Bourbon dynasty. A nobleman appeared out of nowhere and became the temporary commander-in-chief of the rebel army.

  The effect was naturally there. After discovering the existence of his own people, Carlos, as the reserve king, still used his own energy and used an airship to airdrop a batch of weapons and equipment to the rebels.

  Forget about food, Carlos is not stupid. He knows what the rebels are, and they can cause trouble to the enemy with their weapons and equipment. If the food they dropped was food, they might have done it themselves.

  This can be seen from the direction of the rebels' attacks, which are all aimed at food. The so-called strategic locations, government buildings and bank buildings are all deserted.

  The most tragic scene happened. A battle broke out between the rebels and the government forces around the granary. For a time, the streets and alleys of Paris were filled with shouts of killing. People who were unwilling to endure hunger joined the uprising.

  Blood flowed down the sewer and dyed the Seine red. The red water mark of the river looks particularly desolate in the autumn day. From then on, the French no longer ate fish from the river.

  The fighting continued from morning till night. The blood makes people feel lost, and the situation is completely out of control in the constant fighting.

  "It's a mess!"

  This was the first reaction in Daniel's mind. At this point, even if the fish takes the bait, they can't close the net.

  Daniel never dreamed that the revolutionary government would actually stand against all the people in the city. You must know that the original plan was only to sacrifice some worthless refugees, and did not include all Paris people.

  It's a pity that the bureaucrats below don't think so. Once greed arises, it can never be stopped. Since relief food can be withheld from refugees, relief food can also be withheld from citizens. It's just that the degree of oppression is different.

  How could the people of Paris, the most revolutionary people in the world, accept such humiliation? Seeing that the refugees had launched an uprising, many people joined in in a daze.

  At this point, there is nothing more to say. Both sides are covered in the other's blood, and it will only end if one side falls.

  "A revolutionary government that is trying to kill itself." As long as he thinks of this comment that future generations may give, Daniel's whole body feels bad.

  Of course, they're not alone either. If you open the history books of France, you will find that there are several similar revolutionary governments. They are not the first, nor will they be the last. Even if they are used as negative teaching materials, there are still people to accompany them.

  In a sense, the melee in Paris was both accidental and inevitable. From the beginning of the siege by the coalition of nobles, Paris, which was short of food, was destined to cry.

  ...

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1017.Chapter 997 Cancer-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 997 Cancer

  The news of another revolution in Paris spread, and the entire European world was confused. First, the Revolutionary Party revolutionized the Bonaparte dynasty, then the radicals in the Revolutionary Party revolutionized the Revolutionary Party government. Now I don't know which party is revolutionizing the radical government again.

  If you include the royalist coalition outside the city, France has gathered people from all walks of life in this era. News reports are difficult to write, let alone ordinary people who eat melons.

  Ordinary people can watch the excitement, while politicians are busy. With the situation in such chaos, this year's war reparations are definitely not a thing to think about.

  No matter which government comes to power, money will not be produced for a while. The country that counted on the French to pay reparations and subsidize household expenses has now completely failed.

  In the Vienna Palace, Franz, who had just reached a compromise with Belgium, was now troubled and happy. There is no other way. More and more people have come to borrow money recently.

  If it is an ordinary commercial city loan, then simply help introduce the bank directly. As long as they can pay the interest and have enough collateral, the Holy Roman Empire's financial system can help them complete financing.

  With the defeat of France and the decline of Paris, the financial center on the European continent became Vienna-Frankfurt.

  Finance also needs to be linked to politics. After the European War, Britain and Austria conducted secret negotiations on the international situation and post-war reconstruction.

  The result is self-evident. If you look at the organizational structure of the Continental Alliance, you will know that if the two sides reach an agreement, Britain will not be excluded from the alliance.

  There is no doubt that this is a lose-lose outcome. Excluded from the circle, Britain's voice on the European continent has dropped to its lowest point in the past two hundred years. In addition to having some influence on maritime countries, mainland countries no longer buy their account.

  The Holy Roman Empire won a political victory but suffered an economic blow. Not only did the plan to raise funds in London go bankrupt, but even Aegis suffered a run, with the currency value falling five points at one point.

  It's not Franz's style to just take a beating without fighting back. The British ran on Aegis, and the Vienna government launched a tit-for-tat attack on the pound.

  Both countries are gold standard countries, and then an interesting scene occurs. On one side, they used the Aegis to exchange gold from the HRE and shipped it back to the British Isles, and on the other hand, they used pounds to exchange the gold from Britain and ship it back to the HRE.

  Both countries have large gold reserves, and they went back and forth so many times that everyone was stunned. In the end, no one could do anything about the other.

  Of course, this is superficial. In fact, the Vienna government still suffered a loss. The financing plan failed and the value of the Aegis currency had to be stabilized, so the government had no choice but to tighten its belt.

  Affected by this, the progress of post-war reconstruction in Lorraine, Alsace and other regions was affected. It's hard for the boss, and it's even harder for the younger brothers.

  Of course, financing is not impossible. Although the British government is unhappy with everyone, the British financial group still welcomes the God of Wealth. It's just that the interest rate is so much higher than normal.

  Regardless of whether other countries can accept it, the Vienna government would rather tighten its belt than borrow usury from the British.

  Hard times are temporary. Capital is chasing profits, and no one is willing to give up the big cake of European reconstruction. Even if the British government does not support it, it cannot stop the capitalists' determination to make money.

  In particular, the funds that originally flowed into the London market from the European continent first began to flow back to the European continent. They were transferred through the two major financial markets of Vienna and Frankfurt and entered post-war reconstruction projects.

  Although you have money, not everyone can borrow it. In a sense, in the capital market, both countries and individuals are "the strong will always be strong, and the weak will become weaker."

  The richer the country, the easier it is to borrow money; the poorer the country, the harder it is to raise capital.

  The Vienna government, which has a strong financial position, is naturally a high-quality customer of the capital market. The poor countries such as Belgium, Sardinia, Lucca, and Tuscany are in tragedy. Their own credit is not enough, and they cannot provide enough collateral, so their financing is in trouble. Dilemma.

  Franz or two are happy to show off their big brother spirit, but now that they are all coming to borrow money, Franz has a headache.

  In fact, this is not the first time that countries have borrowed money. Since the beginning of the Anti-French War, these boys have basically been supported by the Vienna government.

  It’s not that I don’t know, it’s just that I was shocked. All of these small countries are billionaires. Judging from their economic situation, repayment should wait until the next century!

  If that's all it is, it's not unacceptable. There are huge political rewards, and a long time to pay back the capital is not a big problem.

  The key is that economic development requires direction, and post-war reconstruction is not just about having money. Although Belgium suffered heavy losses, its industrial foundation is still there, and it can recover quickly as long as it has funds.

  This Italian country is really tragic. It needs resources but not resources, and it needs industry but not industry. Even if it develops agriculture, it is still under control. The most important thing is that the land is limited and cannot support such a large population.

  When they originally followed the French, in addition to a small amount of handicraft industry, they mainly acted as a commodity sales market and labor export.

  With the collapse of the French Empire, this fragile industrial chain also collapsed. The Holy Roman Empire only needed a market for selling goods, but not this labor force.

  No matter how cheap it is, it's useless. The current economic development has not reached that stage yet, and the number of jobs that can be created in society is limited. Letting these people in is just causing trouble for yourself.

  The only option left for them is to use cheap labor to develop labor-intensive industries without technical content, thereby promoting domestic economic development.

  The problem is that Franz knows that it is useless. It is up to the rulers of various countries to understand it themselves, so that they can formulate reasonable economic development policies based on their own actual conditions.

  However, most people in this world lack self-awareness. Not one of the seven Italian states is on the right track.

  Guys who have high ambitions but low ambitions think they are smart and keep up with the trend of the times. They start to play with high technologies such as electrical and internal combustion engines. Some people even dare to initiate top projects such as aircraft and battleships.

  Well, this is Franz Pot. The Vienna government has long regarded technological power as a national policy, and now it has become a social consensus, and even the younger brothers have been affected.

  You cannot be wrong. The problem is that the development of science and technology also requires an industrial foundation. If you don’t even have the basics, if you jump to the forefront as soon as you start, you will fall to death.

  I finally borrowed money, but it was wasted by these guys with high ambitions and low abilities. As for the backward production capacity that the Vienna government intended to eliminate, Belgium, which had the best industrial foundation, was the first to take over.

  If the younger brothers don’t worry, the elder will naturally have a headache. No one’s money is brought by strong winds. According to their method of tossing, there will be no results at all without billions.

  With so much money, wouldn’t it be better to keep it for your own development? Who is so stupid that he wants to lend it out to waste.

  Good advice may be offensive, but it may not be effective. Franz didn't think that just by reminding him, he would be able to wake up these guys who lacked social beatings and persuade them to return to the right path. Naturally, he would not do such a thankless task.

  ...

  Franz: "If we refuse to provide them with loans, what impact will it have?"

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "The diplomatic impact will not be big. The French Civil War is about to end, and the situation on the European continent is basically stable. Some disturbances will not affect the international situation.

  With the current situation in countries such as Sardinia, Lucca, Modena, Parma, Tuscany, the Papal States, and the Two Sicilies, it is reasonable to refuse to grant loans to them."

  No one stipulates that the boss will I must take care of my little brother. The Vienna government did not take anything away from other countries. On the contrary, it helped them gain independence and provided large amounts of financial assistance. It had done enough.

  If anyone feels dissatisfied and wants to win Longwangshu, then he should ask the iron fist of the empire if he will agree.

  If you want to make it easy to jump back, first ask which country dares to accept them. The current situation in Europe is very clear, that is, the Holy Roman Empire is the only one, and if you reach out, you will be prepared to have your claws cut off.

  Economics Minister Reinhardt: "The economic problem is very big. In fact, there have been problems with supply and demand in the capitalist economic market for a long time, but it was only because the European War delayed the crisis. The

  current market prosperity is just based on the huge war dividends. A bubble, if there is a problem anywhere, may cause the bubble to burst.

  Without loan support, the Italian region's economy will soon collapse. It is very likely to become the fuse of the crisis and detonate the brewing economic crisis. "

  No. It is impossible for people to predict an economic crisis. In fact, before every economic crisis breaks out, there are warning signs. The first reaction of those in the know is not to issue a crisis warning, but to retreat first.

  In fact, there is no use in issuing early warning. The market always needs successors. When the bubble bursts, a large number of people will be buried. What can be changed is who the buried people are.

  The Great Depression after the war was itself a natural law of economics. There is no Great Depression now, and it is mainly the economy of the Holy Roman Empire that has supported it.

  However, this support also comes with risks. Just like a cancer on a human body, the longer it stays, the greater the damage it will cause.

  There is no way, some things must be carried to death. Having just become the hegemon of Europe, the Vienna government also needed time to consolidate its position.

  It happened that a secret war broke out with the British. If an economic crisis broke out at this time, the hegemonic power that the Holy Roman Empire had finally achieved would be diluted.

  Perhaps aware of the danger, the Gladstone government wanted to retreat unscathed and did not want to detonate a crisis at the end of its term. After a tentative wave, it decisively stopped.

  After hesitating for a moment, Franz said slowly: "That's it! Sooner or later, we will reach this point, and there is no need to hold on.

  Tell the governments of various countries that if they want to obtain loans, they must come up with a complete economic development plan. Plan to convince the banks that we can no longer provide guarantees for them."

  Frankly speaking, Franz least wants an economic crisis to break out. As the world's largest economy, the Holy Roman Empire alone accounts for half of the capitalist world economy.

  Once an economic crisis breaks out, the Holy Roman Empire will definitely suffer the heaviest losses. On the contrary, the economically backward feudal agricultural countries were relatively less affected.

  But there is no way. There is a certain limit to relying on the power of the government to delay the outbreak of the crisis. No one knows when this cancer will be detonated. Instead of waiting for others to detonate it, it is better to take the initiative to pierce it yourself and take a certain amount of initiative.

  As for diverting the crisis, of course we have to do it. The problem is that today is different from the past. The Holy Roman Empire's economic size is so large that even if it is transferred, no one can take it.

  As a lingering sequelae of the European War, it should have broken out as early as the end of the war. It is already very difficult to delay it until now.

  Even though the government has repeatedly intervened in the economy, the crisis is still a crisis and will not disappear with a few administrative orders. In short, this was a bitter pill that Franz had to swallow.

  The only difference is that this time it is not simply overcapacity, but uneven development of various industries. Mainly due to the impact of the war, military-related industries have been overdeveloped.

  Free market elimination is an economic crisis. Smart people have already made enough and retreated from related fields. Now the remaining takers are still dreaming of getting rich, and every one of them fantasizes about the French Civil War or the expansion of the Japanese-Spanish War.

  I don’t know whether I will make a fortune or not. Anyway, it is impossible for the war to expand. Neither London nor Vienna were prepared for war.

  War is not a child's play. Unless you are forced into a corner, or you are not sure, who would foolishly start a war with a big country?

  Unless Britain and Austria fall out directly, no matter how they fight a proxy war, the scale will not be much bigger. It's not easy to be able to help clean up the inventory. If you want to make war fortune, go home and wash up and sleep!

  …

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Your Majesty, although the Japanese-Spanish War is still in an anxious state, judging from the current situation, the Spanish's hope of victory is already very slim.

  According to the information sent by the Governor of Nanyang, from the outbreak of the war to the present , the Spanish Expeditionary Force has suffered 27,000 casualties, including 3,400 naval personnel; while the Japanese army has suffered 39,000 casualties, including more than 5,700 naval officers and soldiers. The

  Spanish have an advantage in the exchange ratio, but this advantage is not obvious. The Japanese have a favorable geographical location and their army can be replenished much faster.

  If there are no major changes on the battlefield and this continues, it will only be a matter of time before Spain is defeated."

  The advantage in the exchange ratio is not because the Spanish army is better at fighting, but mainly because the Spanish army is better at fighting. It's the gap in weapons and equipment. If the technological gap between the two sides' warships is ten years, then the gap between the army's weapons and equipment is an era.

  Being able to achieve a record of almost 1.4:1 with weapons and equipment lagging behind by an era, Franz even doubted whether the Japanese were cheating.

  The Spanish also did their homework. The European Continental Alliance had implemented a material embargo on the Japanese early. Even if someone smuggled weapons and equipment into the hands of the Japanese army, there would not be too many.

  Franz has a say in this. The navy of the Holy Roman Empire often conducts inspections on maritime traffic chokepoints such as the Suez Canal and the Strait of Malacca, and smuggled arms ships are almost out of commission halfway through.

  Even if you can still get equipment from the British, the king of army equipment these days still has to be the Shinra Empire, followed by France. The weapons and equipment of the lobster soldiers are really not that good.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1018.Chapter 998 Mercenaries-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 998 Mercenaries

  It doesn't matter that Spain is defeated. The key is that the strategic location of the Philippine Islands cannot fall into the hands of the ambitious Japanese, otherwise there will never be peace in the Southeast Asia region.

  Even though the Japanese government is very peaceful now, even though the Vienna government openly supports Spain, they are still keeping a low profile, as if they have no temper.

  But this is only based on awe of the strong. Now the Holy Roman Empire is strong, and its military power in the Nanyang region alone can make it difficult for them to go around, even if they want to be restless.

  But times are changing. The Philippine Islands that fell into the hands of the Spanish and the Philippine Islands that fell into the hands of the Japanese are two completely different concepts.

  The former has declined. Even if the Philippines is fertile, it can only contribute an income to Spain, and the national power will not help much.

  If it fell into Japanese hands, it would be completely different. With the resources of the Philippines and the hard work of the Japanese, it is appropriate to create a middle power, and one that is good at combat effectiveness.

  If it were just these, it wouldn't be enough to scare Franz. After all, the current Holy Roman Empire is so abnormal that even he himself never thought that one day he would be able to create such a huge empire.

  The problem is that Japan is not a normal country. Now it is suppressed by the elders, so it has not gone crazy for the time being. The future is not certain. If you look at what they did in the original time and space, you will know that it is completely a series of movies about trying to die.

  No one can guarantee that one day the Japanese will go crazy and take advantage of the Austrian Nanyang region. Franz did not want to go on an expedition to the Far East to fight the Japanese.

  Normal people probably don't like a war in which you lose blood and win with blood loss. Franz would not launch such a meaningless war of attrition unless he was sure of killing him with one blow.

  From the perspective of the Holy Roman Empire, it is best for the Philippine Islands to remain in the hands of the Spanish. At least the Spanish government will not fantasize about competing with them for hegemony in Southeast Asia, let alone have any twisted ideas about the Austrian Southeast Asia region.

  "Is the Spanish army such a waste?"

  Prime Minister Karl asked first. As a normal European, he really couldn't imagine that the European army had such a rubbish record against the Japanese natives.

  The record set by the Italian army is not at the bottom. The current performance of the Spanish army can be said to be the worst among all colonial empires in Europe.

  Not to mention the exchange ratio of 1:1.4, even if it is an exchange ratio of 1:10, it is the performance of an inferior student. Under normal circumstances, a company is chasing thousands of people, and a regiment can engage in a war of national annihilation.

  Spain is the originator of colonial wars and the creator of conquest records. Recall that Spain conquered the Aztec Empire with 600 men, and overthrew the Inca Empire with 177 people and 62 horses.

  Comparing the current performance of the Spanish army, even the gap between heaven and hell cannot be that big. Prime Minister Karl, as a normal person, was naturally in disbelief at such a conceptual impact.

  Foreign Secretary Weisenberg explained: "It is much more useless than we expected. But this is not without signs. As early as the European War, the Spaniards exposed the problem of low combat effectiveness of the army.

  They concentrated the country's elite troops, a carefully planned battle, in the end, even the temporarily formed cannon fodder troops of France were not involved.

  Among the entire anti-French alliance, only the Italian army's combat effectiveness could compete with them. The combat effectiveness they have shown now should be It is the lower limit of the army in the European world."

  Everyone was complaining about the Spanish trash, but no one mentioned the strong combat effectiveness of the Japanese army. Well, Franz admitted that the combat effectiveness of the Japanese army these days has nothing to do with strength.

  It's not that the Japanese don't work hard, the problem is that military spending determines the upper limit of the military's combat effectiveness. How dare you say you are a veteran without firing hundreds of bullets? How can you feed elites without firing thousands of bullets?

  If the infantry is like this, the artillery is even more powerful. Every qualified artilleryman is fed with artillery shells. Generally speaking, hundreds of artillery shells are indispensable. Even if most of them are training bombs, they are still a big expense.

  What's more, there is also wear and tear on the artillery. Training several gunners to scrap an artillery is a routine operation.

  Not to mention armored soldiers and pilots with higher technical requirements, they are all produced with money. Of course, the Japanese have none of these arms, so there is no need to consider them.

  In addition to ammunition consumption, soldiers' salaries, daily life, and maintenance of weapons and equipment are also a considerable expense.

  If we really go by the standards of the Shinra Army, the Japanese Army's little military expenditure is enough to support an infantry division. It is a bit difficult to support both, let alone others.

  And this embarrassing situation will continue until we can achieve localization of weapons and equipment and reduce the cost of weapons and ammunition, and it will get slightly better.

  Referring to the original time and space, we know that for a long time, the Japanese Army only maintained single-digit standing divisions, and was often not full.

  Even with this reduction in military strength, military spending is still not enough. Under duress, the Japanese army practiced hand-to-hand tactics, and then became the king of hand-to-hand combat.

  It's just that with the combat power brought by the blood and courage, it's okay to bully the trash cannon fodder. If you meet the real elite, you can just give them food.

  In fact, elite troops are not necessarily all willing to die. Their real strength lies in their professionalism.

  To put it simply, even if he is hundreds of meters away, the probability of him hitting you is 20 to 30%, but you can only rely on luck to fight back.

  On average, a few thousand rounds of bullets can kill an enemy in modern warfare, and tens of thousands of bullets can kill an enemy in future wars. Most of them are the work of ordinary troops. Elite troops, on the other hand, require much less ammunition on average to kill an enemy.

  This is also the reason why the top leaders of the Vienna government did not care about the combat effectiveness of the Japanese army. A country that even needs to import artillery has no qualifications to be feared by everyone.

  …

  Seeing that the topic was getting sidetracked in the complaint, Franz interrupted: "It doesn't matter whether the Spanish army is useless or not. The key is that the British are involved. The London government is supporting the Japanese, so we cannot let Spain lose the war, at least You can’t lose too badly.”

  In international politics, face is sometimes very important, especially for a newly born overlord.

  Although Britain and Austria were only controlling the war behind the scenes, in the eyes of many people, the Spanish-Japanese War was a continuation of the Anglo-Austrian struggle for hegemony.

  If Spain suffers a disastrous defeat, it will send a signal to the outside world: In overseas competition, the Holy Roman Empire is no match for the British.

  Although this is true, the Vienna government must still deny it. In a sense, admitting that it could not match Britain in overseas competition meant admitting defeat.

  As a challenger, you can tolerate failure, but cannot admit failure. Politics being what it is, sometimes you have to fool yourself and others.

  Besides, if you don't show some strength to your younger brothers, how can you make them feel at ease?

  Franz does not ask Spain to make a comeback, as long as it can achieve a lose-lose record, he will be satisfied.

  If this is not possible, then it is not unacceptable for the Spaniards to lose with dignity. After all, military victory is not victory, and diplomatic games can still rewrite the final outcome.

  As long as the Spanish showed sufficient strength, Franz would be sure to force the Japanese to withdraw from the Philippine Islands through diplomatic means.

  "It's too late to help the Spaniards train their army. If you want to change the battlefield situation in a short time, you can only hire mercenaries.

  The problem now is that the Spaniards are too poor. It is already very difficult to maintain the expeditionary force. There is no Sufficient financial resources to hire an army.

  Besides, the Japanese military strength is not too weak. There is no mercenary in the world that can complete this task."

  Prime Minister Karl suggested. It’s not like the Vienna government has never done something similar. When fighting the British for South Africa, they managed to defeat the “mercenaries”. However, it was later found that it was unnecessary, and they simply attacked the Boer Republic government troops.

  The only problem is that the Philippine Islands are not like South Africa. The South African region is for its own consumption and should be financed by others. However, the Philippine Islands belong to the Spanish. For the sake of international reputation, the Vienna government cannot swallow them up.

  Bringing your own dry food to help the Spanish fight the war. How can there be such a good thing in the world? Even if the Spanish government has paid a price, it is only in exchange for the support of the Vienna government, and it is not enough to make the Holy Roman Empire personally go into battle.

  Without the participation of the Vienna government, based on the capabilities of the Spanish, even if they were really willing to pay to hire troops to help fight the war, they would not have such powerful mercenaries.

  Under normal circumstances, a mercenary force only has a hundred and eighty people. Those with more than a thousand people are giant teams, and they cannot support any more.

  The combat effectiveness also varies widely. Among them, those with strong combat effectiveness can suppress the government troops of various countries and can be said to be the elite of the elite; more mercenary teams can only bully the indigenous people, but can only deliver food to the regular army.

  It's okay in small-scale battles, but if it's in a big battle involving tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands, a mercenary force with only a few thousand or eight hundred people won't be enough.

  Franz nodded: "If you don't have money, just lend it to them and let the Spaniards use the colonial proceeds as collateral. If there is no such a strong mercenary group in the world, then you can form one yourself. Not long after

  the European War, on the European continent, There are also a large group of retired officers and soldiers, and there are always desperadoes who like to lick blood from the tip of a knife. If

  the number is not enough, they will go to France to recruit. They have been hungry for so long, I believe there will be people who are willing to work hard to feed the family.

  By the way, I don’t want any mercenaries in Italy. This time I’m going to fight in the Philippine Islands, and there’s no pasta there.”

  If there are no conditions, conditions must be created. No one knows whether the mercenaries can defeat the Japanese army. Anyway, it is better to do something than nothing.

  Rather than sit back and watch the Spanish defeat, it is better to fight hard. Anyway, it was the Spaniards who provided the money, and the Vienna government only needed to give it a push in the dark.

  It's best if it can play a role, and it doesn't matter if it doesn't. The situation has deteriorated to this point, and no matter how bad it is, it won't be that bad.

  Even if the plan fails, the Spanish government will cry. The Vienna government will only lose some face. At most, it will temporarily not compete with the British in overseas competitions.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-1019. Chapter 999 The Bourbon Restoration-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 999: The Bourbon Restoration

  Before the Spanish government made a decision, the French Civil War came to an end first. No matter how hard the new Paris government tries, it cannot produce food.

  The sky is big and the earth is big, filling the stomach is the biggest thing. Ordinary people don't care about the overall situation of the revolutionary government. If they can't fill their stomachs today, who can care about tomorrow?

  There are only three ways before everyone: first, accept the rule of the new government honestly, and then starve to death; second, rush out to survive, and if you are lucky, you may be able to perfectly avoid the mine array; third , Revolt and take back food from the revolutionary government.

  Those who chose the first path were almost starved to death. Even if they were not starved to death, they only had half a life left. Those who chose the second path were either bombed to death or retreated and escaped. Not much more sky- higher than the European bison.

  (Note: The European bison became extinct in 1627.)

  In order to survive, more and more Parisian people joined the uprising. The new government in Paris is already exhausted. More and more urban areas are occupied by the rebels. The situation has reached the most critical moment.

  Daniel has long lost his former high spirits. This round of social beatings has been so cruel that all his illusions have been extinguished.

  The intellectuals, students, and loudmouths who originally supported the new government have now changed their faces. How supportive they were before, they are now so hostile, as if the situation is out of control because of their incompetence.

  That seems to make sense. Judging from the results alone, the performance of the new government is indeed not very good. But to say they are incompetent would be an injustice.

  If the enemy was only the royalists, the new government led by Daniel would have killed all parties, and it is estimated that the whole country has been pacified by now.

  Unfortunately, the enemy they faced was the entire European society. The radical revolutionary ideas were not only opposed by the aristocratic group, but also by the bourgeoisie.

  The ordinary people who were supposed to be their biggest supporters also stood against them because of their stomach problems. Looking up, the whole world is their enemy.

  ...

  The roaring sounds of guns are getting closer and closer, and every sound is Paris crying. Seeing the enemy approaching, the guard captain reminded him dutifully: "Mr. Daniel, the first division has collapsed. The enemy is coming this way. Leave quickly !"

  Obviously, this is not the first time he has urged Daniel ran away. But Daniel is determined and has persisted until now.

  "Leave, where do you think I can go if I leave now?"

  "Instead of hiding in a corner and being caught by the enemy in the end, it is better to wait for them here. Even Robert didn't run away, am I worse than a traitor? Really?"

  Politicians are not easy to play. Once you get too deep into the drama, you won't be able to get out. The current Daniel is showing that he is too deeply involved in the drama. He firmly believes that the unlucky Robert is a traitor, and he is the hero who saves the people from the fire.

  In other words, he deliberately numbed himself and prevented himself from waking up in order to escape the cruel reality.

  After all, the situation is now clear. No matter who comes to power, he will not let go of the former leader. Who asked him to break the rules of the game first?

  Not only is he, the boss, unable to escape, but the younger brothers behind him are also unable to escape the liquidation. However, people are always willing to take chances. Daniel's unwillingness to run away does not mean that his men will not run away either.

  Even if you can't leave the city, Paris is so big, you can just find a small corner and crawl into it. In this era of war and chaos, it is not easy to find a person from the corner.

  ...

  The fact that he did not send troops to attack the city does not mean that Carlos does not care about the development of the situation in the city. In order to grasp the information as soon as possible, Carlos sends out airships for reconnaissance every day.

  It was impossible to know the details, but Carlos still knew the general situation in the city clearly. Once the new revolutionary government is finished, whether he wants to take over the mess in Paris or not, he must take over.

  If possible, he would rather take over later. Even if it would prolong his succession, Carlos would not hesitate.

  There is no other way. The sooner we take over, the sooner we take on the important task of relieving the people and restoring the economy. It's not that Carlos likes to avoid responsibilities, the problem is that the mess is so big that taking over it all at once would probably crush his shoulders.

  If you don't have enough food, buy it. Vienna's control of food exports is only for the revolutionary government, and the Bourbon dynasty is not within the scope of the restrictions. The only problem is that there is no money in the pocket.

  Times are changing, and the costs of restoration are rising. Even with the support of the aristocratic group, after forming a restoration army and settling a large number of refugees, Carlos's pockets were already empty.

  "Borrowing money" is undoubtedly another headache. France's huge debt has scared away all international banks.

  In order to raise funds, Carlos launched a crazy sale mode.

  Overseas assets invested by the Bonaparte dynasty—sold; a series of infrastructure including ports, terminals, roads, bridges, and parks—sold; state-owned banks, industrial and mining enterprises—sold; seized and confiscated rebel party industries—sold ...

  In short, there is no property that cannot be sold as long as it can be realized. If someone would pay for it, I guess Carlos wouldn't mind selling the Palace of Versailles.

  The most regrettable thing is that the situation in France is now in ruins, and the originally valuable properties can now only be sold for a floor price.

  They have to sell at the floor price, so who makes them short of money? Generally speaking, Carlos has been doing one thing recently: raising money - buying food.

  In the headquarters of the Restoration Allied Forces, Lieutenant General Felix reminded: "Your Highness, the sound of guns and artillery in the city has weakened. It seems that the battle is about to end.

  The time to seize Paris is coming soon. Now we need to organize manpower to clear mines and clean up." Create a road that can be passed by the army."

  When laying mines, it was so much fun; when clearing mines, it was so hard. No one knew that civil strife would break out in Paris, so the mines were laid as tightly as possible to prevent the enemy from rushing out.

  There are three floors inside and three floors outside, densely packed with mines. Even the soldiers responsible for planting mines cannot accurately remember where they laid them.

  Facts have proved that the mine siege method is indeed very effective. The defenders in the city were bombarded many times and cried for their fathers and mothers.

  It's troublesome when clearing mines. This is a high-risk job. If you don't do it well, you will be sent to the sky.

  "Organize manpower to excavate slowly. This kind of thing cannot be done quickly. The food in the city should be able to last for a few days. We still have time. If necessary, we can organize airships to drop food into the city."

  These were all high-sounding bad ideas, but Carlos faced He said it without changing his tone.

  Slowly I discovered that it seemed that I was responsible for the personal safety of the soldiers clearing mines, but in fact I wanted to take over the mess later.

  Originally, the food in Paris could indeed last for a while, but after experiencing this wave of civil war, it is unknown how many days it can last.

  What's more, people's hearts are complicated. Even if there is food in the city, it is impossible to distribute it to everyone fairly. The end result is nothing more than that those in power continue to eat and drink, while ordinary people continue to suffer from hunger.

  Airdropping food is even more nonsense. The few old and broken airships they have can only drop a dozen tons of food into the city every day. It seems like a lot, but in fact it is a drop in the bucket.

  Don't worry about scarcity but inequality. If the food put in is not enough, then you can only grab it. In a sense, releasing food into the city is not solving the problem, but intensifying the conflict.

  Even though he knew it was a bad idea, Carlos had to adopt it because he had no better choice now.

  As a reserve king, he always has to do something when the people are in dire straits. Even if these measures have serious consequences, the starting point is always good.

  Throughout the ages, too many people who did bad things were forgiven in the end as long as they added "good intentions." However, those who really did good things often faced accusations of impure motives.

  Being able to stand out from many candidates, Carlos certainly does not lack political skills. If he is really a loser, even if the nobles are willing to accept a useless puppet, the Bourbon Dynasty will not let him come out and embarrass himself.

  The situation in France is so chaotic. No matter who goes up, they can't stand a firm foothold if their tactics are not ruthless.

  Looking at the problem from another angle, the more chaotic the current situation in Paris is, the greater the casualties caused, and the smaller the hidden dangers that will be faced after the reception in the future.

  After this chaos is over, it is estimated that the people of Paris will have a different attitude toward the Revolutionary Party for a long time to come.

  ...

  The wheel of history is rolling forward and cannot be stopped by individual will. On December 7, 1893, the radical revolutionary regime led by Daniel was destroyed in the vast ocean of people's war.

  On December 10, the Bourbon Restoration Group led by Carlos officially took control of Paris. On the 12th, Carlos was crowned king in the dilapidated Palace of Versailles, and France began the Bourbon era again.

  The restoration was successful. Looking at the messy Versailles Palace and regaining the Bourbon country, Carlos was not happy at all.

  The hard years have just begun. Not only the Palace of Versailles is dilapidated, but the whole of France is in dire need. Resettling refugees, restoring the economy, and paying off debts have become the three big mountains that weigh on Carlos.

  (End of chapter)
