
Chapter 1036: The enemy is in Congress
"Where does the money come from?"

Finance Minister Pavel Lisichian asked his soul.

How poor the Tsarist government was is a question that no one can give an exact answer to. In short, it is certain that there is no money to build the Siberian Railway.

As early as 1891, the Tsarist government organized road experts to launch the Siberian Railway exploration plan. Yes, it was started after Nicholas II was assassinated in Japan.

Although Alexander III was a pacifist among the czars, he was also a good father. If it were not for transportation restrictions, it is estimated that the Russo-Japanese War would have started early after the Anglo-Russian War ended that year.

Whether it was because of a moment of anger or preparation, the Siberian Railway project was launched.

The results of the exploration were very scary. On the way from Moscow, we had to pass through vast pine forests, cross the Ural Mountains, and cross the vast Siberian tundra before finally reaching the Pacific Ocean.

It's just that the journey is far away. No matter how far it is, it can't compare to Shinra's circular railway. The key is that the natural conditions are harsh.

The same is true for railway construction. If the construction cost of the plain railway is 1, then the construction cost of the Siberian railway may be 2, 3, or 4... If you don't have money in your pocket, you won't be tough in doing things. Just when the Tsarist government was hesitant to launch the Siberian Railway construction plan, the Vienna government took action.

The release of the equally alluring "Central Asian Railway Plan" made the tsarist government even more hesitant. But before the Russians hesitated for long, the Vienna government helped them make up their mind - "aid in construction"!
If you open the map, you will know that whether it is the Siberian Railway or the Central Asian Railway, the construction costs are astronomical.

It would undoubtedly be fatal to let the tsarist government, which was not wealthy enough, bear this expense. In order to build the Siberian Railway in the original time and space, the Russians also lived frugally.

From 1891 to 1901 alone, the tsarist government invested 1.46 billion rubles, far exceeding the military expenditure during the same period.

After 13 years of hard work, the world's longest main railway line began to open to traffic on July 13, 1904. The subsequent project was eventually bumpy and bumpy, and it lasted until 1916 before it was completed.

In comparison, the construction conditions of the Central Asia Railway are still a little better, but of course only a little better.

Although you don't need to be surrounded by frozen soil all year round, the endless mountains in Afghanistan are also miserable.

Whether it was strategic needs or for the sake of its own wallet, the tsarist government decisively chose the Central Asian Railway.

Even if it knew that the Vienna government was plotting against Anglo-Russian relations, the tsarist government had no room to refuse.

In the words of an optimist minister in the Tsarist government: "No matter how many calculations the Austrians have, the Central Asian Railway is always beneficial to the empire. Whether we want to go south or not, the initiative is still in our hands. "

There is nothing wrong with it in theory. The initiative indeed rested with the Tsarist government, and it was impossible for the Vienna government to make decisions for them.

But this can fool ordinary people. If such a large piece of fat meat in India is put on the dining table recently, and you don't use a knife and fork to cut it, is it still a woolly bear?
In essence, the The same goes for the Economy Minister's proposal to help the Russians build the Siberian Railway. As long as the railway is open to traffic, nothing needs to be done, the greedy fur bears will go out to forage on their own.

Although the bear's eastward march will harm Britain's interests, it is clear at a glance whether it is more important than going south to India.

When the time comes to curb the growth of the Russians, it will no longer be Britain's business, and Shinra will not watch the Russians complete the "Yellow Russia Plan".

If done correctly, the final outcome will evolve into: Britain and Austria cheating the bear together.

It is estimated that after a proxy war, the Russians will be injured again. There are so many that I can't guarantee that it won't be difficult to keep them in peace for ten years.

The most important thing is that a thorn was planted in the middle of the Russian-Austrian alliance. With this thorn, even if the two countries did not meet each other at war, they would not be as close as they are now.

If everything goes well, the Tsarist government will try every means to hold back the HRE in the future Anglo-Austrian struggle for hegemony.

The plan is perfect. The only question is: where will the money to build the "Siberian Railway" come from?

The relationship between Britain and Russia is not as close as the relationship between Russia and Austria. The Vienna government helped the Russians build the Central Asian Railway and only helped advance part of the funds.

The main costs are project exploration, design, management and other expenses. Labor and raw materials are provided by the tsarist government itself.

For the sake of the Russian-Austrian alliance, even if some people in the country raise objections, the Vienna government can handle it.

It won't work if it's just on Britain's head. The blood of the Anglo-Russian war in Afghanistan has not been dried yet?
At this time, the families of the soldiers who died in the Anglo-Russian war would be heartbroken if they used their money and efforts to help the Russians build railways.

If it really arouses public anger, the opposition parties will definitely add fuel to the flames. Although national interests are important, party interests are even more important.

I oppose what the enemy supports, and I support what the enemy opposes. It has always been common in politics. It doesn't matter whether it is correct or not. What matters is what is needed.

If the funding gap is only 1.8 million pounds, everyone can still find ways to make up for it, hide it from the public's sight, and use special funds to settle the account.

But as for the Siberian Railway, without hundreds of millions of pounds of investment, it would not be possible.

Even if the Russians were to provide labor and materials, it would cost tens of millions of pounds. To use such a large amount of funds, no matter what method is used, it cannot be kept secret.

Navy Minister Flora: "It's not just a matter of money. Our relationship with the Russians is so tense. Even if we offer to help build the Siberian Railway, I'm afraid the Tsarist government won't believe it.

Unless we just provide money and do not touch the railway exploration, design and construction, they will not be at ease at all. "

This is an inevitable result. Suddenly one day, the enemy suddenly comes to help you build the railway. Anyone would suspect a conspiracy. From the standpoint of the tsarist government, the British offered to help build the Siberian Railway. It is estimated that the Russians The first reaction is: This is here to cause destruction.

After all, the construction of the Central Asian Railway has reached a critical moment and will be opened to traffic in a few years. It is normal for the British to feel pressure.

For the sake of India's security, Britain took action to destroy the Central Asian Railway There is nothing wrong with the construction.

Although the Russian Empire is huge, the tsarist government has limited material mobilization capabilities. The construction of the Central Asian Railway has mobilized a large amount of manpower and material resources. If the construction of the Siberian Railway is started again, it will obviously increase the logistical pressure. The explanation is to cover up, regardless of Whatever the British government says, the Russians will think it is a British conspiracy, trying to use the Siberian Railway plan to delay the progress of the Central Asian Railway construction.

Not to mention helping with exploration, design, and construction. The railways that the British helped build, Who knows whether it will be used in the end?
As Flora said, unless they just give money and leave everything to the Russians, the Tsarist government will not be at ease at all.

The problem is that the British government will not be at ease just by giving money. Who can Can you guarantee that the Russians will spend the money on the construction of the Siberian Railway instead of on military expenses for the southward march to India? The British government does not have such a thing, and neither does the Tsarist government. Let the two countries lack the most basic trust. Cooperation is really difficult.

Foreign Secretary Cameron: "The issue of trust is actually not difficult to solve. If it is not convenient for us to come forward, a third country can come forward to communicate with the Russians.

It is not difficult to persuade the Russian military industry to agree to build the Siberian Railway. The current Tsar is Nicholas II. The unpleasant trip to Tokyo has always made Nicholas II resentful.

From Nicholas II's personal standpoint, it was probably more tempting to go east to seek revenge against the Japanese than to go south to India.

After all, we are not soft persimmons. Even if the Central Asian railway is opened to traffic, the Russians' chances of winning are still not high.

Compared with going south, going east has a significantly higher success rate and will bring greater benefits.

If the Russians can realize the Yellow Russia plan before the struggle for hegemony comes to an end, then it will be another three-legged pattern.

When he can be the boss, no one wants to be the younger brother, let alone an arrogant furry bear.

Although Russia-Austria relations seem to be very good, many Russians are actually unconvinced by the Holy Roman Empire's position as the European hegemon.

This bait was enough for the Russians to take the bait. As long as the Tsarist government takes this step, the Russian-Austrian alliance will be over.

Vienna can tolerate a powerful Russian Empire, but it will never tolerate a Russian Empire that threatens itself.

In a sense, the Russians pose a much greater threat to the Holy Roman Empire than we do.

After all, they are both land-based countries and happen to be neighbors. Although the European continent is vast, there is no room for two overlords.

In contrast, the problem of funds is difficult to solve. The gentlemen in Congress will not agree to fund the Russians, even if it is a strategic necessity. "

The enemy is in the Parliament." This is the sentiment that every British government will have. I am not exaggerating, but the trouble brought by the British Parliament to the government is indeed greater than any enemy.

If there is no Congress and the opposition party to hold back, the international The situation would not have evolved to the current situation.

As early as the middle of the European War, the previous British government wanted to intervene with troops, but it wasted a lot of time quarreling in Congress and playing games with the opposition parties.

Before the discussion could come up with a result, , the French are in doom. There is no need to say that the dust has settled, so naturally they have to sell their teammates. You can consider becoming an ally with Britain and share the joys and sorrows, but it is impossible to share the joys and sorrows.

Similar things have happened more than once, and going back further, There are also the previous Ottoman Wars, France's invasion of Italy, Austria's annexation of South Germany, and a series of international events.

Britain in 1895 could not help the Holy Roman Empire, but Britain forty years ago was absolutely capable of stopping Austria's expansion. Not to mention preventing Austria from annexing South Germany, at least it was able to destroy Austria's colonial plan. The Royal Navy's absolute superiority lasted until the early 1980s. Before that, the Austrian Navy was a little brother. It was not until the advent of the pre-dreadnought ship that the gap was It was so close that it had the ability to harm both sides.

Of course, due to the times, the two big BOSSs of France and Russia attracted firepower from the front, so that politicians at the time underestimated the threat of Austria.

By the time the British government began to pay attention, the Holy Roman Empire was It's about to come out, and it's too late to do anything else.

There is everything in this world, but there is no regret medicine. If you don't pay attention to Britain's hegemony, you will encounter the most serious challenge.

The problems that our predecessors have encountered are now again Once it fell on the British government.

If Congress could not be settled, there would be no funding for the Siberian Railway plan. Without this railway, it would be impossible to divert the disaster eastward. If the Tsarist government did not look eastward, then the ultimate plan to divide the Russian-Austrian Alliance would be , and eventually it will become "the moon in the water, the flower in the mirror."

After hesitating for a while, Robert Cecil nodded: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs first found a third party to contact the Russians, and there was a layer in the middle. We can at least avoid the wrath of the people.

As for the issue of Congress, you should communicate with the members of your party privately first, and I will go visit the Queen. "

There is no other way. Prime Minister Robert Cecil is afraid of facing the pressure of Congress alone and has to seek more help.

During the Victorian era, the British royal family was no rubber stamp. Although the elderly Queen Victoria has seldom interfered with politics, no one can ignore her existence.

To silence opposition voices in Congress, the power of the Conservative Party alone is not enough. For the greater good, Robert Cecil had to turn to Queen Victoria for help.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1037: The mess:

Money is hard to come by, and middlemen are hard to find. If you want this middleman, you must first have three basic elements: first, you must have a good relationship with the Russians; second, you must have certain financial resources; third , you must not be influenced by Russia and Austria.

Without a good relationship, the deception work will not be carried out easily. Only if the relationship is good enough can the rest of the story be continued.

There is no such thing as love and hate for no reason in this world. Even if the pie is really falling from the sky, before eating it in your stomach, you must first verify whether it is poisonous.

This requires a good story, one that makes the tsarist government think that the middlemen are helping to build the Siberian Railway for their own benefit.

It is definitely not enough to have a story, you must also have a certain amount of capital. This capital does not need to be much, just to advance part of the cost of the Siberian Railway.

Or follow the example of the Vienna government in assisting the construction of the Central Asian Railway, find a railway company to undertake the construction of the Siberian Railway, and allow the Russians to default on exploration, design, management and mechanical equipment leasing fees.

There is no shortage of artificial fur bears, and the raw materials can solve most of them. Except for the steel rails, which may need to be imported, the Russians can provide everything else themselves.

In fact, the most expensive parts of railway construction are labor and raw materials. After solving these two big problems, the cost has been reduced by 70 to 80%.

There are no taxes or fees. If someone builds this strategic railway, the tsarist government must have given the green light all the way, and even the bureaucrats would not dare to stretch their hands.

To be honest, the original time and space was able to build the main line of the Siberian Railway at a cost of less than 2 billion rubles. The bureaucrats in charge of railway construction definitely worked hard.

Corruption may still exist, but it is still relatively clean. If the Russian bureaucracy had performed at its normal level, it would have been impossible to complete the project unless this number had been increased three to five times.

There is no way, the conditions in Siberia are too harsh and construction is really difficult. With limited technical conditions, construction costs simply cannot be low.

Therefore, financial resources are also indispensable. The so-called "not much" is only for wealthy people like the UK.

In fact, there are only a few countries in the world that can raise tens of millions of pounds, even in installments.

Although Britain is behind the money, having financial resources is also an essential condition.

If a poor country suddenly took out such a huge sum of money, it would definitely arouse the suspicion of the Russians.

If the Tsarist government knew that the funds came from the London government, most of the plan would have been ruined before it even started.

In addition to the above two items, the most important thing is to be bold. Any country that dares to participate in the dispute between Shinra and Britain these days is definitely a bold one.

There is no need to count on the European continent. Only Denmark has a good relationship with the tsarist government. The problem is that Sweden is in charge of the Nordic Federation, but Sweden and the Russians are feuding.

In addition to the bad relationship, the more important thing is that it is not within the sphere of influence of Russia and Austria and can ensure its own safety.

There is no way. The Nordic Federation is under the eyes of Russia and Austria. Once the plan is exposed, you can imagine the fate that awaits them.

The ultra-high risk inherently determines that countries participating in this plan must have a certain ability to protect themselves. Even if the plan is exposed, it will not bring disaster to himself.

If they cannot guarantee their own safety, no matter how great the benefits Britain promises, they will not be able to participate.

If you open the map, you will see that there are only two countries left that are not within the sphere of influence of Russia and Austria, have certain financial and military strength, and are not afraid of retaliation afterwards.

Considering that it has good diplomatic relations with the Russians, only the United States of America meets the conditions.

As for the other candidate, because the Czar supported the North during the Civil War, the relationship between the Allied Powers and the Russians after independence was naturally not much better.

The United States meets all the innate conditions, but the acquired conditions are still lacking. The biggest problem is: not bold enough.

The Americans in the original time and space have become cowardly these days. They are obviously trying to get Cuba's attention, but they are too frightened by Spain's strength to dare to act rashly.

They just kept making small moves secretly to test the Spanish's reaction. Of course, the Spanish government has lived up to expectations and exposed its own weakness.

In the end, the U.S. government lingered until 1898 before "taking the risk" of planning the Spanish-American War. It was after defeating Spain that the Americans gradually lost their fear of European powers.

Not to mention now, Americans who have been severely beaten by society must be even more cowardly!

Even the declining Spain did not dare to move. It was too embarrassing for them to plot against the Russian-Austrian Alliance.

...

While the British were still worrying about how to persuade the United States, the Sino-Japanese War of 1884-1894 also came to an end. The Japanese government, which was in its prime moment, never dreamed that they were about to be betrayed.

Of course, it's not exactly betrayed. It is a chess piece in the first place. Before it jumps out of the chessboard, it is naturally subject to the remote control of the chess player.

It is not easy to take advantage of the great powers. Britain has paid so much for the Japanese and always needs to be rewarded.

The Japanese government, lost in the joy of victory and unable to extricate itself, naturally did not expect so much.

It won't take that long, and soon the Japanese government will stop laughing. The international community's intervention has already begun, and they want to take advantage of it... (Imagine it in your mind)
One wave has not subsided, and another wave has arisen.

Cuba is still fighting fiercely, the Philippines is still digging into the ravine, the war in the Far East has not ended, and Europe is in chaos again.

Everyone has taken care of the European economic revitalization strategy, except France.

Although Spain recruited a group of French mercenaries, which alleviated the crisis in France to a certain extent, it was still a drop in the bucket for a country.

Theories are always just theories, reality is cruel. Franz's vision of "a mercenary feeding a family" now seems more like a beautiful fairy tale.

Not everyone has a strong sense of responsibility. In addition to the initial settlement fee left behind, most mercenaries did not send money home immediately after they left their homeland.

It must be admitted that they have strong adaptability and quickly adapted to the life of mercenaries. After receiving their salary, everyone lived a life of "drinking now and getting drunk the next."

Less than half of the people are willing to send money home, and most of those who are willing to send money only send a small part of their income. Those who can account for 1/3 of their income can be called "family men."

In this context, the mercenary plan that Franz had high hopes for to earn money to support his family naturally ended in bankruptcy.

People always have to eat, and France's economy had already collapsed during the war. The European economic crisis has come to an end, but the economic crisis in France is still far away.

The trauma caused by the war is too great, and the refugees expelled by various countries have made the country even more miserable.

Although the French government has worked hard to resettle refugees and develop the economy and create jobs as much as possible, there are huge war reparations on their shoulders and the resources they can use are really limited.

The fact that the Vienna government did not collect reparations does not mean that other countries did not send people to collect reparations. At least the Russian army stationed outside Paris completed the task of collecting reparations as soon as possible.

Yes, the Paris government couldn't afford the compensation, so the Russians took matters into their own hands. The Russian army has been dispatched, and the collection of war reparations must go smoothly!
There is no standard at all. Taxation is purely based on personal preference. It is necessary to charge three to five dou more. All the Russian officers and soldiers who participated in the tax collection activities made a lot of money.

It's just that they have suffered so much from them, and the French people have suffered. Unable to bear the humiliation, King Carlos led the government to go on strike in protest.

The angry French people have taken up arms to resist the atrocities of the Russian army, including some government troops who also participated in the attack on the Russian army.

Just as Franz took a nap, France became a mess again. Looking at the mess in front of him, Franz suddenly regretted leaving the Russian troops stationed in Paris.

Yes, the Russian army was really good at suppressing the revolution. The problem is that their ability to cause trouble is even better.

There is no problem in getting war reparations from France, but you have to leave a sigh of relief for others!
Franz was very suspicious of what kind of commander could issue such a stupid order when sending troops out to collect taxes.

Anyone who is self-aware will know exactly what the Russian army is. Normally being stationed in a military camp would make the place miserable.

Rather than being released to collect taxes, it is better to say that they are released to rob. It's okay to play like this during the war. Now that the war is over long ago, it would be strange if the French don't break out if they still play like this.

It's a hassle, and as long as he gets into trouble, he can clean up the mess, and Franz doesn't have a problem with it.

Obviously, the matter has come to him as the emperor, and the Allied forces stationed in France must be unable to withstand it.

Otherwise, who would be able to hold on after eating enough to cause trouble for their leader? You must know that this kind of ignorant behavior can greatly affect your "official career".

It has always been easier to create problems than to solve them. As the leader of the Allied Forces, Butt decides the stance, and it is self-evident which side to stand on.

His years as emperor taught Franz that he should not just look at the surface when encountering things, but should also analyze them deeply.

On the surface, the disaster was caused by the Russians, and the Russian troops stationed in Paris were naturally responsible. However, do the French have no responsibility?

Now that you know about the complaint, why did you go there earlier?
If the Carlos government had lodged a protest with the Allied Forces Headquarters as soon as the problem occurred, someone might have interfered with the Russian army's actions.

Even if you didn't think of it at the time, when a problem breaks out, you can always report the situation to the Allied Forces Headquarters immediately, right?
There were so many opportunities to prevent the Russian army from imposing taxes, but the French government missed them all perfectly. When things got serious, the government went on strike in protest.

Such an obvious behavior is clearly a deliberate act of indulgence. They are just waiting for things to get serious so that they can take advantage of the sympathy of caring people within the alliance.

Franz admitted that the French plan was successful and caused such a big mess. The Allies really needed to give the French an explanation.

But it's not sure whether this explanation is what they want. After understanding the goals of the French, Franz's fear of the Carlos government increased to a higher level.

Against this background, careful consideration must be given to dealing with France's current mess.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1038 Complex Russian Politics

For Franz, the problem can never be solved. As long as you don't care about it, it is no longer a problem.

France is in chaos, which is indeed big news to the media, but to the Holy Roman Empire, it is actually not even a small cold.

Since it was the Russians who caused the matter, let the tsarist government sort it out on its own. Anyway, the Shinra did not station troops in France, so even if the fight resulted in bloodshed, the Vienna government would not be anxious.

The only trouble is probably that international public opinion will be very unfavorable. It's just that today is different from the past. As the leader of the Continental Alliance, the Vienna government's anti-mine properties have become much stronger.

It's not the Shinra army that's causing trouble now. Even if it is criticized by public opinion, the most it can do is accuse the Vienna government of "inaction".

"Inaction" is not a sin. Looking at modern history, we know that the Vienna government's policy of inaction has continued for many years.

For European governments, "action" by the boss above them is far scarier than "inaction". If the Vienna government had to take care of everything, it is estimated that the European Union would not be as stable as it is now.

Much like in later generations, if the US government suddenly stopped doing nothing, countries around the world would just celebrate instead of blaming Americans for inaction.

There is only one main reason for not being criticized, and that is that you have to participate in trivial matters, but when the critical moment comes, you shrink back and refuse to take responsibility.

Although the chaos in France shows signs of expanding, it has not yet become unmanageable. In theory, there is nothing wrong with the Vienna government not taking action for the time being and letting the Russians handle it themselves.

Of course, there is nothing wrong with this. It is only from the standpoint of the Holy Roman Empire itself and a third party that has no interest.

The French and Russians at the center of the storm would never think so.

Without the mediation of the Vienna government, the French and Russian governments at this moment have essentially been forced into a corner.

compromise?

If the Carlos government dares to make concessions, the French people will dare to change their king.

If you don't have the strength to fight the enemy head-on, it's already very embarrassing; if you don't dare to do non-violence and non-cooperation, how can you prove that you stand with the French people?
The The French government had no choice, and the Tsarist government was embarrassed. Nicholas II, who had just succeeded to the throne, encountered this big trouble before he had time to adapt to the supreme power brought by the tsar.

There is no point in pursuing right and wrong. Once an in-depth investigation is carried out, the final result will most likely be a slap in the face.

According to the Russian Army Command in France, this was a conspiracy by the French to deliberately provoke conflicts between the Russian army and the local people, which caused the situation to get out of control.

Regardless of whether others believe it or not, Nicholas II would not believe it anyway. The French conspiracy may exist, but the main reason for the situation to get out of control is definitely not a small conspiracy.

There is no other way. The damn reporter recorded the atrocities committed by the Russian army. The photos have been published in newspapers and cannot be washed away even if they want to.

Someone even mailed a short video movie to Nicholas II, along with a sincere letter, hoping that Nicholas II would stop the atrocities committed by the Russian army.

That's all for letters. Nicholas II received a lot of similar letters. If we put them all together, they can hold several trains of luggage.

Without bragging, if he had lived in the twentieth century, Nicholas II would have been able to live a middle-class life by selling waste paper from which he received letters every day.

Especially in recent times, almost all famous figures in Europe have sent him letters. Be polite and tactfully persuade, but if you don't want to give face, just start scolding.

Fortunately, Nicholas II had good self-cultivation. If he were replaced by a petty czar, he might have to send people to kill these gesticulating guys.

However, no matter how good your self-cultivation, you can't withstand the impact of "little movies". If it weren't for the distance, Nicholas II would definitely call the commander in Paris to him and let him know what it means to give instructions from ear to ear.

I have seen stupid people, but I have never seen such stupid people. Being secretly photographed by a reporter is barely understandable. But if a documentary was filmed at the scene, it would not be justified.

The cameras these days are not small toys. With such a big body, the Russian soldiers on the scene did not stop the shooting. Nicholas II could no longer describe it in words.

In short, these video materials are quite detrimental to the tsarist government. I have been peaceful for more than ten years recently, and I have finally squeezed into the circle of European civilization, and now I am about to be kicked out again.

The Russian Empire has no intention of taking off the label of "barbaric" and "brutal" in a short time. The international image that was painstakingly cultivated during the era of Alexander III was now completely lost.

Thanks to the blurry video data, it is impossible to accurately identify the identities of the Russian officers and soldiers, otherwise Nicholas II would have to send these wastes to see God.

The situation has been corrupted, and it will be a matter of the future to hold people accountable. The most important thing now is to deal with the aftermath.

The Allied headquarters, controlled by the Vienna government, directly ordered the Russian troops in Paris to solve their own troubles. Whether the tsarist government wants it or not, it can only bite the bullet now.

... In the Winter Palace in St. Petersburg , Nicholas II sat at the top of the table with a gloomy face and said indifferently: "What happened in France has seriously affected our international image.

In order to reverse these adverse effects, maintain the Russian Empire interests, now we must take decisive measures.

..."

Obviously, Nicholas II has not yet understood the point. "International image", once that thing is corrupted, it will be really bad.

It is not impossible to recover, but this is definitely not something that can be changed in a short period of time.

Instead of worrying about the international image, it is better to find ways to stabilize the situation in France first. These benefits are truly tangible and tangible.

Pobedonoschaif reminded: "Your Majesty, the Allied Forces Headquarters has authorized us to handle French affairs with full authority. The most urgent thing we have to do first is to stabilize the situation in Paris. We can recall the commander in France and hold those responsible accountable. We will deal with it after the situation has stabilized."

(Pobedonoschaev: Nicholas II's personal teacher and counselor, director of the General Administration of Orthodox Affairs)
There was no way, the Allies authorized the Russian army in Paris to handle it with full authority. It seemed that It was a great deal of trust, but in reality it was letting the tsarist government clean up its own mess.

The incident was caused by the Russian troops stationed in France. Now that the situation is out of control, the Tsarist government cannot escape the blame, even if it wants to shirk it.

And the aftermath work must be done well. Otherwise, several other allies with troops stationed in Wuwu will come to cause trouble.

It's not a matter of fear or not. The key is that everyone is eating from the same pot and needs to cooperate with each other. If the relationship is really severed, the situation of the Russian troops stationed in France will be even worse.

To put it bluntly, if the French really went on a rampage, the Russian troops stationed in France would not be able to control the situation at all.

Due to the distance, even if the Russian Empire wanted to reinforce, it would be too late and could only rely on the strength of its allies.

Perhaps the strength of a single country is limited, but the combined strength of these dozen countries is actually not too far away from the Russian Empire.

Finance Minister Sergei Witte: "The director is right. The current situation no longer allows us to delay. The Vienna government has now made it clear that it does not want to intervene. The French government is on strike again. From now on, all the money we spend in France will be needed." Raise your own funds.

The longer the delay, the greater the loss to the empire.

In order to solve the problem as soon as possible, I propose to immediately send a delegation to Paris to investigate the cause of the incident and coordinate the relationship with the French government.

In any case, we must first The French government must be appeased. Only when they come out to work can social order be restored as soon as possible."

It's not that Sergey Witte is opposed to violent suppression. The main reason is that the current situation in France is too complicated and violence cannot solve the problem at all.

For those who want to solve the problems, it seems that the Russian troops stationed in France are unable to do so. Considering the financial pressure, it was impossible for the tsarist government to send 1.8 million Russian troops to carry out a purge.

Since violence is not an option, the only option is to be reasonable. Anyway, France is a defeated country, so it will be three points behind at the beginning.

Foreign Minister Mikhailovich: "I'm afraid this will be difficult to do. The main purpose of the French government's strike and protest is to ask us to withdraw troops from Paris.

However, this is precisely the most impossible concession for us. If there is no garrison, we will have to pay war reparations How to guarantee it?

How can the empire's interests in France be safeguarded?

Even if these don't matter, we must also consider the positions of the anti-French alliance countries. The empire's unilateral compromise with the French will only put the empire in a very embarrassing situation The situation."

It is impossible not to object, because the capabilities of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs are limited. It is simply an impossible task to convince the French with a smooth tongue.

The bottom line of the tsarist government is clearly laid out here. The biggest concession is nothing more than: next time you don't collect taxes in person, then there will be no more.

Investigating the person responsible will be handled internally, and the final result will be nothing more than three drinks as a fine.

The reason why the parties involved were punished was not the atrocities committed by the Russian army; it was the failure to block information during the robbery and killing, which made the tsarist government passive.

As for the atrocities committed by the Russian army, the Tsarist government cannot admit it at all. Even if the evidence is sufficient, the tsarist government can only fight to the end.

The French would never be satisfied with such a result.

If you want to use diplomatic means to solve the problem, you must at least throw out a few scapegoats and let the French vent their grievances.

Obviously, it is impossible for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to do this to offend the military.

Not wanting to offend his colleagues, but also unwilling to bear the consequences of failed negotiations, Mihajlovic naturally wanted to tell ugly things up front so that he could shift the responsibility if problems arise in the future.

The civil servants' positions are not unified, let alone the military. In addition to suppressing by force, it is suppressed by force. It is impossible to take responsibility anyway.

The interests of the empire are important, but personal status and future are obviously more important. Anyone in the position of Minister of War will protect the interests of his younger brother first.

...

For the soft-hearted Nicholas II, the constant quarrels at the top levels of the government were the greatest torture. Each had his own reasons, and it was really difficult for the Tsar to make a choice among them.

Perhaps because he was impatient, or perhaps because he thought of something, Nicholas II interrupted everyone's discussion.

"Okay, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will negotiate with the French first. If they understand the current situation and accept our goodwill, that's it; if the French reject our goodwill, use bayonets to wake them up."

Diplomacy + military are two-pronged and work together. The problem was solved exactly as described in the book, and there seemed to be nothing wrong with it.

As for the effect, you won't know until you use it. Anyway, Nicholas II is very satisfied now. He took everyone's opinions into account and took care of all aspects.

The only troublesome thing is that the actual executors have another headache. His Majesty the Tsar did not give a clear answer to the question of whether the Ministry of Foreign Affairs or the military should take the lead.

Although they knew it was trouble, everyone present tacitly chose to avoid it.

Who takes the lead is not only related to the aftermath of this incident, but also related to the ranking of the Ministry of War and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the government's power structure.

It is enough for the tsar to appoint him directly. It is nothing more than a matter of the imperial envoy and does not affect the balance of power.

But when someone else breaks the window, the secret political struggle is brought to the table, and there is no room for maneuver.

Politically, this is a taboo. Everyone present is smart and knows what can and cannot be done.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1039: It's not too big of a deal to watch the excitement, but
the Tsarist government's decision to add fuel to the fire is undoubtedly pouring another bucket of oil on France, which is already full of sparks, making the situation even more uncontrollable.

Fortunately, after the victory of the anti-French war, the Allied forces confiscated the French weapons, otherwise they would not just attack lone Russian soldiers.

Seeing the conflict escalating in an all-round way, King Carlos, who was at the center of the storm, decisively fled the powder keg of Paris on the pretext of seeking international assistance.

The king was forced to run away to avoid the turmoil, and the French government, which had been on strike in protest, naturally closed down.

A similar scene also happened after World War I in the original time and space. It's just that the Germans have a stronger foundation, and the war was not fought on home soil, so the losses were not as great as the French.

At that time, the German called on workers to go on strike to prevent the French from taking away its coal resources; at the same time, it government printed money to subsidize unemployed workers so that their livelihoods could be maintained.

The Great Mark Inflation that shocked the world broke out when the government started printing money by printing money in order to subsidize unemployed workers.

After a set of seven-injury punches, the Weimar Republic not only crippled itself, but also dragged down the British and French economies.

The French, in particular, did not get the resources they wanted. Instead, they were sprayed with blood internationally.

The army has been losing money and cannot see any gains. For France, which suffered heavy losses in the world war, the pressure is really great. In the end, there was really no other way and I was forced to make concessions.

The French have proved with facts that the bottom line is meant to be broken. In the game with the Germans, the French government made concessions again and again, and finally gave up a Third Reich.

Although France's current situation is similar to that of Germany in the original time and space, the opponents it faces are completely different.

The Anti-French Alliance does not need France's resources. It uses cutting off resources and the supply of industrial and commercial products as a bargaining chip. It is estimated that the Vienna government will not frown even if the strike lasts until the next century.

In particular, the Anti-French Alliance is a joint garrison of various countries in France. Except for the Russians, who have a larger number of garrison troops, the number of garrison troops from other countries is not large.

A small number of troops means a small military expenditure. Even if the French government shuts down and suspends military expenditures, it will not scare anyone for a while.

Of course, these are not the reasons why King Carlos ran away. In the final analysis, the previous revolutionary government had too much fun, and the French people have long entered the era of billionaires per capita.

It is obviously impossible to rely on printing money to relieve unemployed people. Unable to restore the economy and unable to provide relief to refugees, why not run away and stay?
On the surface, it was a government strike to protest against the atrocities of the Russian army, but the deeper internal reason was the collapse of government finances.

Even though King Carlos has made a lot of money from anti-corruption, this precious money needs to be used wisely and cannot be wasted while stabilizing the situation.

Originally, these things had little to do with Franz. He was just a spectator and just watched the fun.

Unexpectedly, the brothers who suffered unreasonable disasters refused to agree and asked the Russians for an explanation. Everyone was a little timid.

After all, it was a furry bear, and most people couldn't afford to mess with it. Even though the territories are no longer contiguous, everyone is still wary of them.

But leaving it alone is not an option. The French government has gone on strike and has to bear the cost of garrisoning troops. We can hold on for a short time, but it won't work if it drags on for a long time.

Originally, everyone wanted to give the tsarist government some face and wait for them to clean up the mess. But after seeing the measures taken by the tsarist government, everyone already understood: this is not to solve the problem.

Before the delegation arrived in Paris, although the situation in France was turbulent, King Carlos was still staying well in the palace, obviously waiting for the Russians to come to negotiate.

However, the negotiation had just begun when the king was frightened and ran away.

Although no one knows what the specific content of the negotiations is, judging from the speed at which King Carlos ran away, the Russians must have done nothing.

The brothers hope that the Vienna government will intervene and appease them a little. No matter what, the Russians must be given a chance to perform and prove themselves.

The problem is that Carlos ran away as soon as possible, and the relatives of the Bourbon dynasty did not go to join him, but ran to Vienna without saying a word. What kind of thing is this?

It was so silent that everyone thought Carlos had gone to Spain. When he showed up in Vienna, everyone knew it was a false shot.

If you think about it in depth, there is actually nothing wrong with it. It is true that Spain has relatives from the same family. The problem is that they were still enemies in the previous battle for the throne. Although the relationship eased later, the relationship between the two parties was still not close.

The most important thing is that Spain has too much time to take care of itself, and it is impossible to get involved in France's bad things, unless it is to add insult to injury.

Family ties between royal families?
Do you expect any little kid king who has just finished breastfeeding to support them in public opinion for the sake of family interests?

Since it's useless, then just don't cause trouble. If you save a point of love, you will lose a point, but it will affect the harmony of the family.

It would be easier to run to Vienna, because only here can the problem be solved!

There are only a few European powers, and the only ones capable of stopping the Russians' actions are the HRE and Britain.

Carlos was not in trouble, so he would not go to London to humiliate himself. Even in order to prevent the Vienna government from finding excuses to refuse, he simply hid his identity and sneaked in secretly.

Carlos' plan proved successful. From the moment the French king appeared in Vienna, Franz, a melon-eater, was successfully dragged into the water.

No one likes to be plotted, and Franz is no exception. Except for the initial welcome banquet and courtesy attendance, Franz ignored Carlos for the rest of the time.

If you can't eat melon anymore, then you have to find a way to solve the problem. As for how to solve the problem, it depends on the luck of the French.

Solving it at the source, solving it in a muddy manner, or releasing a bigger problem to cover up the previous problem are all solutions.

Out of a responsible attitude, Franz summoned Foreign Minister Weisenberg at the Vienna Palace to discuss the aftermath.

...

"Let's talk about the current situation in France first?"

As a qualified melon-eater, Franz has been paying close attention to news related to the unrest in France in recent times. But now he only reads newspapers, not intelligence.

After all, editors have always given full play to their imaginations and artistically processed this kind of international news that the public loves to hear before publishing it. It is far more readable than boring intelligence materials.

"Truth" has never been an important thing to the melon-eating masses. As long as one's own interests are not involved, liveliness only needs to look good, no matter who wins or loses.

Watching experts and scholars guess and brag and make bets out of thin air is a pleasure in itself, just like watching monkeys in a zoo.

"Yes, Your Majesty."

...

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Since Carlos left Paris, the French government has been empty of people. Even the police maintaining security have been given a long leave. Social order has collapsed.

Before evacuating Paris, , Carlos issued a proclamation. Not only did he accuse the Russian army of atrocities, but he also shifted all the responsibilities to the Russians. The contradiction was put on the table, and a nationwide anti-Russian wave was now heading toward Russia. People swept in.

In order to contain the collapse of the situation, the Russians also took measures. They first disarmed the French army and then stepped up the arrest of anti-Russian elements.

These measures curbed the anti-Russian wave in the short term, but with the The French government has shut down, and now no one is distributing relief supplies. It is inevitable that the French people are forced to embark on the path of violent resistance due to hunger and cold. Not long ago,

we also found a 120mm howitzer in a smuggling boat seized by the navy off the coast of France.

Interrogation Relevant personnel learned that they had been involved in this smuggling activity for more than three months, and the accumulated smuggling equipment was enough to arm two regiments.

This was just something we caught accidentally, and there would be more smuggling ships that we did not catch. Plus we Some of their allies are also engaged in the arms smuggling trade in France.

The weapons and equipment now imported into France are probably enough to carry out a large-scale battle. The most important thing is that these smuggling activities are all premeditated.

Various signs indicate that the French are not willing to fail. The French are gathering strength at this moment and want to get rid of their shackles.

The atrocities of the Russian army only catalyzed the outbreak of conflicts in advance and brought them moral support.

The force that can use such a large amount of energy to smuggle and cover up the news , there is only one family in France.

It turns out that our King Carlos is not as simple as he seems on the surface. Everything they are doing now is just preparing for their next plan.

But they don't know what their ambitions are. Just to get rid of the shackles on his body, or to restore the French Empire."

Frankly speaking, Franz was still a little excited when he heard this answer. The facts are as expected, there is indeed a dark hand behind the chaos in France.

It's not in vain that he opens a trumpet and quarrels with people in newspapers. King Carlos, who seems weak and weak, is indeed the big boss behind the scenes.

The joy of being a keyboard warrior is that simple. As he got older, Franz became older and more mischievous.

A bad taste is a bad taste. After all, reality is not a game. There is no chance to start over after failure. France is the best example. After losing once, it fell from the clouds to the abyss.

"So, the Russians were unlucky this time and got themselves here?"

Franz asked in a teasing tone.

It was never a secret to the Vienna government that there was a hidden resistance force in France. No big country with a long history will succumb so easily.

Although the anti-French war severely damaged France, it did not interrupt the spiritual inheritance of the French people. The French, unwilling to accept defeat, must resist.

But no one expected that Carlos would become the leader of this group of people. Of course, this is only slightly surprising.

Under the traditional European cultural system, if you want to accomplish something big, you must find a well-known figure with charisma.

As the current king of France, Carlos is naturally everyone's first choice.

Unlike the democratically elected Bonaparte dynasty, Carlos was not only born into the orthodox Bourbon dynasty, but was also recognized as the king of France by the international community.

This increases maneuverability.

Theoretically speaking, as long as the French act a little miserably, Carlos comes forward to find support from the international community, and then chooses a suitable reason to launch an attack, there is still hope to expel the Allied forces stationed in the country.

Even if the plan is exposed, there will not be much loss to Carlos personally.

As the King of France supported by the European Continental Alliance, as long as he made no serious mistakes on the surface, the Vienna government would not be able to slap him in the face and remove him.

Even if others had this idea, Franz would not allow it. Deposing a king involves the common interests of the monarchy and must not be done hastily.

As long as Carlos jumps out and shouts anti-Shinra without knowing it, Franz will not attack him. Doing things secretly is a basic quality that any qualified politician must possess.

Apart from anything else, there are even members of the Anti-French Alliance who are smuggling arms to France for their own benefit?

"Check it out and find out..." That's obviously overthinking. This kind of thing cannot be brought to light at all. Although it is someone else who smuggles arms, it is Shinra who produces these arms.

Everyone knew that the flow of weapons into France would exacerbate the chaos in France, but everyone did it anyway.

In addition to the great benefits, what is more important is the thinking of "If I don't do it, others will do it". Whatever happens in the end, it's better to just make the money yourself.

The failure to stop this behavior is not just for the sake of petty gain. The fundamental reason is that the chaos in France was originally caused by the indulgence of the Vienna government.

The power of hatred is huge. Unless the spine is completely broken, France, which has recovered its strength after twenty or thirty years, will be in trouble again.

Obviously, if a big country like France slaps him, it will only hurt him, but it will not kill him.

For the long-term stability of the European continent, the Vienna government not only pretended not to notice the undercurrents within France, but also secretly promoted them.

It's a pity that it is too early to expose it now, and it also allows the French to seize an opportunity and gain support from the international community.

For the sake of the international reputation of HRE, the next action to suppress France can only be carried out by the Russians.

The tragic tsarist government made a knife without even realizing it. No wonder Franz would gloat, after all, this opportunity is so rare.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Yes, Your Majesty. The Tsarist government is now confused. The French plan to accumulate strength will no longer be hidden.

Of course, the Tsarist government may also be mentally prepared. After all, the Russians have always held the largest share in previous smuggling campaigns.

Maybe after the war breaks out, the bullets hitting Russian soldiers will still flow out from the hands of the Russian troops stationed in France."

The greatest arms dealer , all selling weapons to the enemy, and finally hitting themselves. Now the Russians are about to use practical actions to explain this truth to the world.

After wandering for a few steps, Franz said slowly: "Then let's add another fire and send the Russians a shell that can be used to counterattack with public opinion.

Find the media to smuggle arms from the French, which is a violation of the Treaty of Vienna. Publish the evidence and see how Carlos explains it."

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1040: Unwilling to Accept the Reality
Once the shells are fired, they will kill people. With the exposure of the arms smuggling case, the Russians suddenly became more confident.

The already tough Tsarist became even tougher on the French issue. Of course, starting from Carlos's escape, whether the Tsarist government's stance was tough or not was no longer important.

The French government is shut down, and even if it wants to find someone to negotiate with, the Russian delegation doesn't know who to turn to.

Faced with the increasingly severe military-civilian conflict, the Russian troops stationed in France adopted the simplest method and what they are best at - suppressing it with force.

Once the butcher's knife is raised, the consequences are beyond an individual's control.

On December 21, 1895, the well-prepared French resistance organization ambushed a Russian logistics camp transporting supplies on the outskirts of Paris, kicking off the French anti-Russian war.

It can be seen from the "anti-Russian" slogan that the French, who have been severely beaten by society, have become rational.

He insisted on the previous atrocities committed by the Russian army and refused to let go. He put himself in the position of a victim and claimed that he was fighting for survival now.

This approach of controlling the strike range is undoubtedly correct.

Thanks to the "barbarian image" that has long been deeply rooted in the hearts of the Russians, as well as the evidence of video materials, European public opinion is sympathetic to the French people.

It is a pity that this is the 19th century. Public opinion support is important, but for the tsarist government, which is scolded every day, it is not even scratching the itch.

International interference does not exist. Politicians are rational and can forget everything except their own position.

On the issue of suppressing France, all members of the Anti-French Alliance had the same position. Even though everyone felt that the Russians had gone too far, for the sake of the overall situation, countries still chose to support them secretly.

After all, every time the Russian army makes troubles, it consumes France's national vitality. To the neighbors, only when France is weak can we become good neighbors.

The Vienna government took the lead in failing to act, and other European countries followed suit. Except for the same few countries with troops stationed in France that felt a bit of pressure, the rest were just masses.

Out of support for his allies, Franz generously announced that he would provide unlimited "free" potatoes to Russian soldiers on the front line.

There is no other way, who will let Shinra have another good potato harvest this year?

On the one hand, potato production is soaring, on the other hand, the consumer market is shrinking, and people in the Ministry of Agriculture are almost worried.

Shredded potatoes, mashed potatoes, potato flour, potato cakes, potato noodles, potato wine, canned potatoes, fried, steamed, braised, stir-fried... The foodies are obviously not strong enough to fight, and dozens of varieties of potatoes from many countries have been gathered. The method is still not able to digest the harvest potatoes.

Unlike wheat, potatoes are not suitable for long-term storage. If it is really piled up in the warehouse for three to five years, mold and germination will be a minor problem, and the worst fear is that it will really turn into "mashed potatoes".

In order not to waste the food, Franz decided to give it to the Russians. Lest one day the bureaucrats of the tsarist government make another mistake and cause the Russian army in front to run out of food.

This is no joke. Based on long-term accumulated experience, once the Russian army goes on an expedition, it is almost 100% likely that there will be logistical problems.

Even after the completion of Alexander II's reforms, the Tsarist government no longer lacked food. But having food at home and having food on the front line are two different concepts.

Transporting grain from the Russian Empire to France was also a challenge for the tsarist government. Now that the Vienna government has helped solve the food problem for the soldiers, the Russian army's logistical pressure has been directly reduced by less than half.

The only problem is that the Russian soldiers on the front line have to eat potatoes every day. It is estimated that after the war is over, these guys will become jealous after smelling potatoes.

But this is not a big problem. Gray animals have never been picky about their food. Starving while serving in the Russian army is nothing new.

Moreover, as long as the Russian soldiers are not stubborn, they will give full play to their subjective initiative and find more food locally to supplement.

The outside world generally believes that the previous atrocities committed by the Russian army were due to poor military discipline; but in Franz's opinion, the poor military discipline of the Russian soldiers was also forced out by the bureaucrats of the tsarist government.

Needless to say, the military expenses are pitiful. There is not much money in the first place, and it is often owed, and even if it is paid, it must be discounted.

In the Russian Empire, the troops that can get full military expenses are definitely the direct lineage of the direct lineage, and usually they need to be paired with a strong officer.

Crying babies get milk, and it applies everywhere. I'm afraid that if the chief officer is indifferent and unwilling to fight for it, then the soldiers below will be miserable.

Delays and shortages in the supply of logistical supplies are routine operations. Bureaucrats are good at calculating economic accounts. If the monthly supplies arrive three days late, then it will be enough to distribute supplies for eleven months in twelve months of the year.

Naturally, the remaining month will be owed. If it keeps rolling like this, at a suitable point in time, the old debts will be wiped out and become the personal income of the bureaucrats.

In this context, if you don't find a way to start a side job, then when the military service is over, you will be empty-handed when you return home. How can you have the face to meet your parents at home?
...

King Carlos, who was stranded in Vienna, was dumbfounded on the spot after receiving the news that the Vienna government was sponsoring potatoes for the Russian army for free.

There are not so many coincidences in politics, especially the actions of the hegemonic country, which will be deeply interpreted.

It was clear that Franz presented potatoes to the Russian army just to avoid "the cheap beans hurting the farmers", and by the way, he pledged the friendship between the two countries.

After all, the war has already started, and it will not be long before the Russians will place a large arms purchase order again. It is also appropriate to carry out some activities now to give back to old customers appropriately.

In the eyes of Carlos, this became a political signal for the Vienna government to support the Russians. This is obviously bad news for the French government, which wants to expel the Russian army.

...

The Austrian Grand Hotel, the most luxurious palace villa. French ministers who had taken a detour from Spain gathered together. Perhaps they were too tired from the journey and did not have enough rest, so many of them were not in a good state of mind.

After glancing at everyone, Carlos said apologetically: "You have just arrived in Vienna. Logically speaking, you should be allowed to rest for a while. But the current situation is very unfavorable to France, so we can only be lucky. You may I don't know, it took me so long to arrive in Vienna, but Franz only showed up once at the welcome banquet, and then went on vacation in the palace.

Even when high-level officials of the Vienna government met me, they just avoided me and didn't give us anything. An opportunity for in-depth communication."

Carlos felt bitter, knowing that the last time he came to Vienna, he did not enjoy this kind of treatment.

The emperor was able to spend his vacation in his own palace, which was indeed "fake". When you make up an excuse, you have to be sincere at least!
For example: physical discomfort, poor mental state, busy at work... There are so many excuses, but he just got an emperor to spend a "vacation" at home.

That's all. Compared to the veteran Emperor Shinra, Carlos is just a junior, and it doesn't matter if he suffers a little injustice.

But the top government officials also avoided seeing it, which was a little unreasonable. As a king, you have already lowered your arrogance enough by going to find someone in person.

No matter whether we can reach an agreement or not, we still have to give him some face to receive him and have an in-depth communication before talking about it.

It's a pity that Carlos, as an uninvited guest, is so unwelcome in Vienna.

Of course, it was only the top brass of the Vienna government who didn't want to see him. After all, he is also the king of a country, and the Bourbon dynasty is not low on the list. There is still an endless stream of receptions for Carlos.

At the beginning, Carlos also actively participated, hoping to make friends with the dignitaries of the HRE, and thus affect the negotiations with the Vienna government.

However, the reality is cruel. It's enough to talk about romantic affairs. Once politics comes up, everyone becomes bored and watch Carlos perform a one-man show.

Later, after attending several banquets, Carlos came to his senses. These guys hired him just to keep up appearances, and no one really wanted to have a close relationship with him.

If the nobles who hosted Carlos's banquet knew that Carlos had come to a conclusion, all of them would definitely cry out that they were wronged.

He had to ask for help when he met, and it was something involving national interests. How could anyone dare to have a "deep friendship" with him?
Identity determines position. As vested interests in the existing international system, no matter how miserable France is now, the HRE nobles will not have any sympathy, let alone any sympathy.

The aristocratic world is also very cruel. If you don't know your place clearly, it is impossible to survive in this circle.

Foreign Minister Pietro advised: "Your Majesty, calm down! The indifferent response of the Vienna government is indeed very detrimental to us, but we have to see the other side.

From beginning to end, the Vienna government has not made any response to the anti-Russian movement. If you make a public statement, it proves that there is still room for maneuver.

The relationship between Russia and Austria seems to be very good, but the contradictions hidden in the secret are not small. The long border between the two countries is the biggest hidden danger.

No matter how good the relationship between the two countries is Well, once an opportunity arises to defeat the other party, the other party will never show mercy. If the Vienna government really supported the Russians, it would have already convened an alliance meeting and brought together all the European countries to help the Russians deal with the aftermath.

Perhaps in the eyes of the Vienna government, Watching us and the Russians fight and consume each other's strength is what is most beneficial to them." A reasonable analysis is almost close to the truth. However, no one was happy at all.

If the Foreign Secretary's judgment is accurate, then "Can France defeat the Russians in its current state?"

No one can give an exact answer, or is unwilling to give it, a soul torture from deep within. Answer. Because their judgment is not the result they want.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1041: Serving the Elderly

The reality is harsh. Regardless of whether the French are willing to accept it or not, what was supposed to happen happened. Now that the war has begun, it is no longer within the control of the French government.

In this world where the jungle prevails, countries speaking with their fists are far more reliable than any principles.

If the Russians can be defeated on the battlefield, then there is still room for negotiation; if they are defeated again, then from now on, France can rest assured that it will be a third-rate small country without military power!
For the future of the country, the French can only fight to the death. The only way to regain everyone's respect is to fight back from the battlefield with a sword and a gun.

The French government has no way out, so why should the Tsarist government do the same?

The Russian Empire's great fame and awe in the world depended on its iron head. If they retreat when they encounter some difficulties, why should they make European countries afraid?

This Franco-Russian War was caused by the Russians themselves. If it could not even manage a France that was defeated and in decline after the war, the Tsarist government would be disgraced.

If you lose face, you will lose it, and your external deterrent effect must not be weakened. Looking through the history books of the Russian Empire is a history of war and expansion.

In the process of continuous expansion, the Russians also offended their neighbors all over. It is true that no one dares to mess with the powerful Russian Empire, but it will be different once it falls into decline.

The first Russo-Prussian War is the best example. As soon as the Russian Empire showed its weakness, its neighbors from all directions pounced on it.

If the Vienna government hadn't stepped in to help them at the critical moment, there would be no Russian Empire today.

The lessons of history are there, and it is impossible for the tsarist government not to learn from them. What's more, today is different from the past. The current Shinra Empire no longer needs to stick together with Russia for warmth.

If they do it again, the possibility of adding insult to injury in Vienna is far greater than the possibility of pulling them ashore.

Both sides had reasons for victory. As soon as the Franco-Russian war broke out, the bloodiest scene occurred.

In order to clear the place and avoid being attacked by endless guerrillas, the Russian army stationed in Paris resorted to the simplest and most effective method of chain-linking in spite of international pressure.

Whenever there is a guerrilla attack, if the residents of villages and towns within five kilometers of the surrounding area do not report it, they will all follow the attack. Even in a big city like Paris, if it is attacked by guerrillas, the residents of the entire street must be held accountable.

There was no direct massacre, but the punishment method adopted by the Russian army was not much different from massacre.

Exiled to Siberia to dig potatoes, it seems that there is a small gap. In fact, there is only a conceptual gap between being sent directly to see God.

Everyone knows the integrity of the tsarist government's bureaucrats. They often mistreat their own people, let alone their enemies.

Insufficient supplies are necessary. The old, weak, sick and disabled are shipped together. There is no medical rescue measures. If you have a fever or cough, you will throw them into the sea to feed the fish.

The number of exiled French people was often reduced by one-third on the way to the Russian Empire. There are actually very few people who can walk to Siberia.

Even if you are lucky enough to get there, you may not be able to save your life. The Tsarist government often forgets to distribute necessary supplies.

Exiles with thin clothes and bare hands must survive the double test of nature and belly if they want to survive in the ice and snow of Siberia.

To borrow a comment from Leo Tolstoy: The greatest significance of the Tsarist government's exile policy was to add fertilizer to the land of the Russian Empire.

Fortunately, it is winter now, and the temperature in the Russian Empire is low enough. Otherwise, if the Tsarist government had been so troubled, the plague would have been infested.

That is to say, viruses have not evolved these days. If they had experienced the power of COVID-19 and SARS, the custodial tsarist government would not dare to play this way.

Of course, with today's medical capabilities and the Russian Empire's vast territory and sparse population, it is estimated that no one would detect an outbreak of an epidemic virus.

What is the mortality rate of infected people? What is the difference between that and a cold? It's surprising that the common cold can be so lethal that it attracts attention.

What is really shocking is the kind of highly lethal virus that directly disappears a village or a small town, such as the plague.

Needless to say, another addition to the hatred between France and Russia was added. After seeing the excitement of the melon-eating crowd, they also turned into talkative party, and stood on the commanding heights of morality to point out the country.

The literati who were unwilling to be left alone did not hesitate to use their pens, and one open letter after another appeared in the newspapers. Regardless of whether the top leaders of the French and Russian governments can see it, it will not affect everyone's enthusiasm for creation.

The news media did not forget to add fuel to the fire, criticizing the Russians for being brutal one day and criticizing the French for being unruly the next.

In short, both France and Russia have become villains and are despised by everyone. It can be seen that political correctness is still important in continental Europe.

The one-sided public opinion expected by the French government did not appear. In terms of public opinion among the members of the Anti-French Alliance, they even fell into a disadvantage.

No matter how excessive the Russian army went, they could not withstand the whitewashing of Spring and Autumn's brushwork. Taking the Holy Roman Empire as an example, newspapers subconsciously ignored the tragic experiences of the French people in exile.

News needs to be notarized, but journalists have a position. France is the enemy, and the Russians are allies. It is obvious who we prefer.

The conscience of journalists makes them unwilling to distort the facts, but selective reporting is still possible.

It can be said that history is surprisingly similar. A similar scene also occurred in the original time and space, but the time and the victims have changed.

With political correctness, any crime can be covered up. Identity determines stance. The current tragic experience of the French people is actually still paying for previous acts of aggression.

After an avalanche, no snowflake is innocent. Likewise, no snowflake can escape the punishment brought by the laws of nature.

...

In the blink of an eye, 1895 came to an end. The war raged from the beginning of the year to the end of the year, from the Philippines to the Far East, then to Cuba, then to Morocco, and finally to France.

War broke out on four continents at the same time, which is rare in human history. The wide scope and large population involved are no less than those of the previous European wars.

It's Christmas again, war is raging outside, but Vienna is still prosperous. The celebration banquet ended in a hurry, and Franz came to the highest point of the palace alone, looking into the distance.

As people get older, they are most likely to be sentimental. Both lives combined were over 90 years old, and Franz had to admit that he was getting old.

Even if it is well maintained, time is not forgiving. In his sixties, Franz could no longer find the high-spiritedness of his youth.

"Perhaps it's time to retire,"

Franz thought to himself.

Don't give in to old age, this is not the age of myths. Looking at the entire world, the only trace of transcendence is that you are an unscientific time traveler.

Even if you want to imitate the ancient empire and pursue the unrealistic dream of immortality, there is no goal to be found!

Once people are "tired" or "tired", they want to rest, and Franz is no exception.

In recent years, he has been strengthening the training of his sons in preparation for this day.

It's just that Franz can't retreat now. The territory of the Holy Roman Empire is too large, and there are also many problems accompanying it.

Some problems can be left to future generations, but there are also some problems that must be dealt with by his powerful emperor. Otherwise, it will become a chronic disease in future generations.

But before that, the last stumbling block in front of the Holy Roman Empire must be kicked away.

Franz would not dare to make major internal changes easily before stabilizing the world situation and removing unstable factors. Always having a sense of awe is also an important factor in his ability to reach this point.

Having made up his mind, Franz felt a lot more relaxed.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1042 Patriot

Washington, the political capital that symbolizes American independence, was reduced to a border city after the Civil War. However, the stubborn United States government still moved the capital back after the war.

Today, the traces of the war have long since disappeared. Only in man-preserved history museums can you still see the trauma left by the war.

It was originally intended to make the people of the United States realize their shame, become courageous, work hard, and work hard to unify the United States. However, as times have changed, the nature of these cultural relics has also changed, becoming an important part of the anti-war wave.

There is no way. As a country composed of immigrants from all over the world, everyone really does not have a strong understanding of the concept of "unification".

Irish immigrants and English immigrants can never pee in a gourd. Italian immigrants and French immigrants still perpetuate hatred and discrimination between white people and people of color... The European world has seen the cause, but the bitter consequences must be borne by the United States. Too many ethnic conflicts are intertwined, and internal problems have always plagued this new country.

In fact, the same is true for the original space and time. Many people in later generations thought that Americans were very "stoic". Although they had strong national power, they tolerated it until after World War II.

As everyone knows, the real United States is far less powerful than they imagined. The weak central government, ethnic conflicts and the unlimited power of the states were all problems faced by this new country.

Internal friction continues every day, consuming too much of this country's energy. From the 19th century to the early 20th century, successive US governments worked hard to eliminate internal friction.

Eventually, as time went on, the immigrants' mutual understanding deepened, cross-ethnic marriages increased, and the differences within the white race eased, the country became truly strong.

This self-integration of original time and space lasted for hundreds of years, let alone now.

With the independence of the South, the central government of the United States was directly disgraced, and its control over the states became increasingly weak.

In a country of immigrants, people's sense of belonging to the country is inherently low. Ordinary people care more about their own personal quality of life than reunifying the South.

Secession is not entirely without benefits. There is also a wave of vested interests, such as several grain-producing states in the central plains, who do not want the South to come back and compete with them for the market.

Also uninterested in unification were the western states. Because it does not involve their own interests, many people have a cold-shouldered attitude towards reunification.

To put it simply, there is no problem in unifying the South, but it is not possible to ask them to join the army and go to the battlefield.

This tendency was evident during the Civil War. Many states with small interests openly resisted the central government's military recruitment.

Of course, the intervention of the great powers was also an important factor. Your own safety is threatened, no matter how much support you give, you must think twice before acting.

Those who really hope to reunify the north and the south are actually the eastern states where capital conglomerates gather together. Although the capitalists have sufficient motivation to support reunification, it will not work if they are allowed to go to the battlefield and fight tooth and nail .

In this regard, Jewish capital sets an example for the American bourgeoisie: They have everything except the state. Ordinary people do not want to fight, and those who want to fight are unwilling to go to the battlefield. It can be said that it is inevitable that the road to reunification of the United States will be frustrated.

Against this background, it is not surprising that the anti-war wave has become the mainstream of society. After all, the capitalists who support unification by force are only a very small minority among all citizens.

Regarding all this, President Grover Cleveland, who is keen to promote national unity, "sees it with his eyes and is anxious in his heart", but he is powerless.

In fact, Grover Cleveland was not the first president after the Civil War to want to reunify the South. Before this, many exes have tried, but unfortunately they all ended in tragedy.

In particular, his predecessor coincided with the outbreak of the European War, a period when European countries had the lowest ability to intervene in the Americas.

If we want to unify the South by force, then is the best opportunity. All the countries in Europe were busy fighting against the French, and only Britain remained aloof.

As a single country, the London government would not be so stubborn as to participate in the Civil War. After all, it is the long-term national policy of the British to put Europe first and then the United States.

Unfortunately, there was a fierce quarrel within the United States over whether to initiate military reunification.

From the congressional government to ordinary people, fierce conflicts broke out around this issue.

Many state governments within the United States have publicly stated that they will not send troops to participate in a new Civil War, making it impossible for the predecessor who proposed the unification plan to leave Taiwan.

Before the United States could reach unity of opinion, the European War ended prematurely. Once the opportunity is missed, it will never come back again.

The Confederacy in the South is not a soft persimmon. It can be said that it is second only to the United States in the American world. Although the gap in comprehensive national strength between the two sides is more than doubled, in terms of military strength, this gap has been infinitely narrowed.

If European countries intervene again, these gaps will no longer be gaps, but may become an advantage.

You must know that the European powers often issued warnings to them on the issue of reunifying the South by force. Even after the establishment of the Continental Alliance, they did not forget to send people to remind them to behave themselves.

If you want to destabilize the Americas, a joint and mixed fight between the great powers is indispensable. By then, let alone unifying the south, even the north will have to be divided again.

For specific reference, you can refer to the "Zonal Occupation Plan" proposed by European powers when they intervened in the Civil War.

To put it simply: the four countries of Britain, France, and Western Europe took the lead and united with other European countries to send troops to dismember the United States, and then implemented partitioned occupation.

Of course, this is just a threat. If we really do send troops, I guess everyone will have to think rationally about whether it's worth it.

However, this method of intimidation is still very deterrent to Americans who have never seen it on the market.

After his predecessor resigned in disgrace, President Grover Cleveland would naturally not be determined to do it again.

In order to achieve national unification, Grover Cleveland decided to adopt a roundabout strategy, namely: provoking conflicts among the major European powers and creating an international basis for unification.

It was against this background that the Cuban independence movement broke out.

As the mastermind behind the scenes, Grover Cleveland only smuggled a few batches of arms over and brought Britain and Spain into direct confrontation; by the way, he also planted a seed of doubt between Spain and HRE. It can be said to be very successful.

Unfortunately, Spain declined after all, which greatly compromised this plan.

...(I haven't finished writing yet. For perfect attendance, I can only post it in advance. Don't hit me...)
(End of this chapter)


Chapter 1043: The Russian People's Good Father
No matter what, it's always good if the plan succeeds. Everything is difficult at the beginning, but as long as you take the first step, the rest of the journey will be easy.

Just as Grover Cleveland was about to start his next plan, a pie fell from the sky and hit him on the head.

The British hoped that the United States would take the lead in helping the Russians build the "Siberian Railway."

On the surface, an ordinary railroad seemed like nothing, but Grover Cleveland, who was experienced in politics, immediately realized the risks and opportunities involved.

"Divide the Russian-Austrian alliance", "lure the Russians to advance eastward and reduce the military pressure on British India", "calculate against the Russians"... A series of possibilities emerged in Grover Cleveland's mind.

What the ultimate consequences will be, Grover Cleveland doesn't know. The only thing that is certain is that deteriorating relations between the European powers is a good thing for the United States.

Naturally, there are advantages and disadvantages. In order to "drain trouble to the south" and provoke confrontation between Britain and Russia, the Vienna government did not hesitate to spend huge sums of money to help the Russians build the Central Asian Railway.

All the money has been invested, and the plan is about to succeed. Now that someone suddenly appears, the Holy Roman Empire will definitely not let it go.

Although there is an ocean barrier, offending a top power still poses a huge risk to the United States.

Although the British government promised to come clean, Grover Cleveland had no confidence in John Bull's integrity.

After rubbing his forehead, Grover Cleveland asked: "What conditions did the British give?"

The risk is not terrible. Although it will be uncomfortable to offend the Holy Roman Empire, it will not cost the life of the United States; the risk is terrible. , but cannot obtain corresponding returns.

Even if the British don't take action, the United States will still find ways to calculate Russian-Austrian relations, but it will all be done in secret and cannot be brought to the table.

"The British government promises to withdraw from the four-nation alliance, stop suppressing us, and provide an interest-free loan of 10 million pounds."

Secretary of State Juan Tripp replied expresslessly. Obviously, he himself was not very interested in the conditions promised by the British.

From the moment the European War ended, the so-called Four-Power Alliance of Britain, France, and Austria had collapsed.

"Stop suppressing" is even more of a joke. Britain's suppression of the United States had ceased to exist in name only twenty years ago.

Not to mention now. The energy of the British is not unlimited. There are still the Holy Roman Empire and the Russian Empire in front of them, and the London government simply cannot care about suppressing the United States.

The only thing of value is probably the "interest-free loan of 10 million pounds", but this 10 million is not really given to them.

The United States is just passing through the middle, and in the end all the money will be spent on the Siberian Railway. Not only will they not make any money, they may even lose a lot of money.

You know, lending to the Tsarist government these days is extremely risky. If the Russians go bankrupt again, their investment will be in vain.

Juan can be sure that this day is definitely not far away. The Franco-Russian War had begun, and the Tsarist government had essentially entered a countdown to bankruptcy.

Even with the secret support of European countries, the Russians managed to escape this wave of bankruptcy. In the future, if the strategy of moving south or eastward is launched, the tsarist government will still go bankrupt.

This is a lesson left by history. Whenever a war breaks out, Russia's finances will enter a countdown.

The Russians were bankrupt, but the United States had to repay the interest-free loan of 10 million pounds from the British.

The London government still failed to deal with Congress, so the burden of funding the Russians could only be borne by the United States, and the London government could only provide certain compensation in other aspects.

Grover Cleveland nodded thoughtfully: "Oh, it seems that the terms offered by the British this time are not bad, at least they are not all empty promises." The sarcasm in his tone betrayed Grover Cleveland. true inner thoughts. Obviously, the compensation offered by the British did not satisfy him.

Reading his eyes, Secretary of State Juan cooperated: "It is indeed very good, but now we still have to increase the price. It is almost impossible to get more from the British, but it seems that the Russians can negotiate.

We It is only natural that people contribute to help them build the Siberian Railway and ask for a share of their profits in the Far East."

Different from the original time and space, the post-division United States not only is not so rich in industrial raw materials, but the internal market has shrunk significantly.

You want to expand externally, but after looking around, you find that the world has been divided up.

He is surrounded by powerful powers, and at first glance he is not someone to be trifled with. If given a choice, everyone would not always miss the South.

There is no way. Compared with top powers like Britain and Austria, the Confederate States in the south are obviously easier to bully.

The current "Siberian Railway Plan" has brought new choices to the United States. Since it cannot continue to expand in the Americas, it is better to spread its influence overseas.

Anyway, the Russian industry is not developed. As an investor in the Siberian Railway, it is not a problem at all for the United States to follow and get a share of the pie.

Grover Cleveland: "Excellent suggestion. However, we still have to find a way to deal with the Austrians before that.

Otherwise, things will be very troublesome if they cause trouble. You must know that the Russians already have the Central Asian Railway, right? I'm afraid the interest in the Siberian Railway will not be too strong."

Although Mao Xiong is powerful, it is still impossible to take care of both the southward and eastward expansion at the same time. During the same period, the tsarist government could only choose one of them as a national policy.

It is obvious that the southward faction has the upper hand within the Russian Empire. As for the eastward strategy, although there is no shortage of supporters, the poor traffic has given up the idea of most people.

Juan sneered and said: "Don't worry, Your Excellency President. Nicholas II will help us get rid of the Tsarist government. He is an admirer of the Yellow Russia plan.

Moreover, with the consistent style of the Vienna government, the Tsarist government will make troubles, no matter how hard it is." It would be good to follow the trend and add fuel to the flames, let alone stop it.

You must know that France and Russia have just kicked off, and the Central Asian Railway is still going on. If there is another Siberian Railway, and the Russian Empire's financial resources continue to toss like this, I am afraid..."

Russia and the United States For friendship, just shout slogans in normal times. Juan didn't feel any pressure to plot against the Russians.

Besides, it's not all a calculation. As long as the tsarist government could control its own ambitions, it would know its priorities.

It is entirely possible to wait until the Franco-Russian War is over and the Central Asian Railway is opened to traffic before starting the construction of the Siberian Railway.

As long as they fight steadily and don't seek death carelessly, no one with the size of the Russian Empire can do anything to them.

...

Nicholas II, who was at the center of the vortex, did not yet know that a conspiracy against the Russian Empire was being launched. At this moment, he was still immersed in the great victory of the Russian army.

The Russian troops stationed outside Paris have suppressed the French resistance forces in the Paris area and now have complete control of the city of Paris.

There has always been a saying in the European world that "controlling Paris means controlling France." Judging from the laws of historical development, the Russian army that occupied Paris was not far from victory in the war.

The winner is not exempt from criticism. As long as he wins this war, not only can the trouble caused by the Russian army be wiped out, but he can also make another profit by the way.

With such a great victory on the front line, Nicholas II naturally had reasons to be happy. There was no banquet to celebrate, and it was already on his part to exercise restraint.

Pobedonoschaev: "Your Majesty, our war with the French is far from over. In addition to Paris, there are also a large number of resistance organization members distributed across the country.

Only with our strength in Paris Garrison, it is almost impossible to purge the entire France. In order to end the war as soon as possible, we should ask for help from our allies!"

Some people dared to pour cold water on the Czar's success. Obviously Nicholas II was not as cruel as described in textbooks. A true tyrant has no room for honest advice.

Of course, not being cruel does not mean that Nicholas II was a wise king. Linking the king's personal moral cultivation with his ability to govern is inherently rogue.

"Asking for help from allies?"

"No!"

"Teacher, you are worrying too much. The France now is no longer the France of the Napoleonic era.

Their backbone had been broken as early as in the previous European war, and now it is like He is a pug, with only the ability to wag his tail and beg for food.

We have sent additional troops to France, and two hundred thousand Russian troops are enough to suppress all dissent. The Russian Empire has been dormant for many years, and now is the time to establish its power. And the French are the best people to establish their prestige!"

Whether this is the time when the Russian Empire needs to establish its prestige, this question cannot be decided for a while, but it must be the time when Nicholas II needs to establish his prestige the most.

I don't know since what era, every czar who came to power had to prove his capabilities in foreign wars.

When evaluating whether a qualified tsar is a qualified tsar, everyone does not look at the tsar's ability to govern, but rather whether he can fight.

The more ferociously he fought in foreign wars and the more brilliant the results he achieved, the higher the tsar's reputation in the minds of the people.

For example: Nicholas I, known as the greatest tsar of the Russian Empire, relied on his achievements in defeating the British and French forces and regaining Constantinople.

As for the ability to govern the country, it is enough for a pure feudal emperor to be able to suppress rebellions internally without causing major troubles.

After all, he is a tsar, so he always has a stubborn side. Once you commit to something, it's difficult to pull it back.

Not being able to convince Nicholas II, Pobedonoschaev was not disappointed.

The main purpose of persuading the tsar to invite allies to participate in quelling the rebellion was to end the war as soon as possible to save military expenses. It was not really about being able to put down the rebels.

As Nicholas II said, the backbone of France has been broken. This kind of severance is not a spiritual severance, but a physical severance.

The domestic young labor force suffered heavy losses in the war, and the military-industrial system was also destroyed by the Allies. The surviving elite troops were also sent overseas by Spain to work as mercenaries.

Although the French upper class, including King Carlos, supported the resistance organization, they did so in secret.

There is no way. The anti-French alliance is too powerful. France at its peak could not withstand it, let alone now.

Supporting resistance organizations and inciting people to resist is just to strive for better conditions. It does not mean that everyone is ready to fall out with the anti-French alliance.

If the incident hadn't happened suddenly, they would have definitely continued to persevere, slowly building up their strength, and waiting for the international situation to change before taking action.

It's refreshing to jump out and fight the Russians now, but behind the excitement, thousands of French people are lying in a pool of blood.

In a sense, the Russian army's bloody suppression methods also played a role. Although it aroused more resistance from the French people, it also shocked the French upper class.

Non-violent non-cooperation is enough. If these big shots really jump out to fight the Russians, don't even think about it.

It may not be enough to implicate nine ethnic groups, but the Russians still do what they say to implicate the whole family.

According to incomplete statistics, in the past three months, at least 100,000 French people have fallen to the guns of the Russian army, and more than 500,000 have been exiled to Siberia. In the Paris area controlled by the Russian army, the total population dropped by half.

Without a big shot to take the lead, France's many resistance organizations were doing their own thing and were naturally no match for the Russian army.

Of course, this is just the current situation. No one knows what will happen in the future.

Maybe, under the pressure of the Russian army, the French resistance organizations suddenly united. You must know that invasion by foreign enemies will also help promote the unity of all forces.

...

Finance Minister Sergei Witte suggested: "Your Majesty, we have captured a large number of prisoners. It is a waste of food to keep them there. It is better to send them to build the Central Asian Railway. It just so happens that the civilian men we recruited before have completed their work." The service period has expired, so just replace them."

It doesn't matter whether the civilian husband has completed his service period. The key is that Sergey Witte is eyeing this group of free labor.

You know, building railways was not an easy job in the 19th century. In the absence of sufficient mechanical equipment, we can only rely on manual labor.

Casualties and injuries occur almost every day at railway construction sites. It can be said that every section of railway is built with human lives.

No matter how worthless the gray animals are, they are still one of our own. Anyway, people are going to die, and it is better to kill your enemies than to kill your own people.

Without any hesitation, Nicholas II immediately replied: "The Ministry of War will send electricity to the troops on the front line and ask them to work harder to capture more prisoners of war. The subsequent construction of the Central Asian Railway depends on them." It can be seen that . It turns out that when issues of principle are not involved, Nicholas II is still a good father to the Russian people.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1044 Double Standards
Just the Russians were working hard to harm France, something happened again in Morocco across the strait. A Spanish immigrant town was attacked by an indigenous tribe, and thousands of people were slaughtered.

After the news spread, the entire European world was shaken. I don't know who started it first, but the media gave it the title "Morocco Tragedy".

Governments of various countries also joined in the fun, and following their strong statements, shouts of fighting and killing were heard all over the European world.

The Spanish government, forced into a corner, had no choice but to bite the bullet and announce the dispatch of troops to retaliate.

It was also a massacre, but the Russian army had nothing to do in France; the indigenous tribes of Morocco attacked the Spanish colonists, but they attracted shouts of beating and killing from the European world.

There is no way, the world is so realistic. The furry bear has a strong fighting ability, and also has the characteristics of thick skin and durability. It is easy to know at a glance that it is not easy to mess with.

It is easy to shout and kill, but if something really breaks out, troops must be sent to intervene. Who is willing to fight with a bear for the benefit of the French?

What's more, if the Russians dare to act recklessly in France, it is not without support.

Although the Anti-French Alliance did not say anything on the surface, various countries supported the tsarist government with practical actions.

Now in the 19th century, the European world can represent the international community, and the Anti-French Alliance can represent the European world.

There has never been any talk of sanctioning oneself. As a member of the Anti-French Alliance, no matter how much fun the Russians have in attacking France, they will only get a few scoldings in public opinion.

If you don't know the positions of your allies, you can be confident. No matter how powerful the tsarist government was, Nicholas II would not dare to issue an order to capture more prisoners and go back to build the railway.

Compared to the strong and well-backed Russians, Morocco is obviously much easier to bully. There is absolutely no reason to miss this opportunity to gain a sense of presence.

Even if the situation escalates and it is necessary to send troops to intervene, it is just an opportunity to make a fortune.

Everyone is the best at bullying the natives. It's not like you can't win, there's no need to be timid.

Of course, this possibility is still very small. In any case, Spain still considers itself a great power. If it faces several indigenous tribes and has to ask for help from European countries, they don't have to mess around.

Whether it was due to the pressure of domestic public opinion or the tiger skin for "status as a great power", the Spanish government had no choice but to send troops to retaliate.

...

Looking at the telegram in his hand, Franz asked doubtfully: "The Spanish government wants to draw troops from the French garrison. Do they not want the interests in France?"

Since the establishment of the Anti-French Alliance, they have paid attention to benefits and obligations. Principle of reciprocity.

The Kingdom of Spain did not do much in the anti-French war. One of the reasons why it was able to reap huge benefits after the war was that it stationed troops in France and shouldered the important task of suppressing the rise of the French again .

The relevant treaties have been signed long ago, and the meat has been eaten into the stomach. Now if you want to regret and not fulfill the agreement, you can only spit it out again.

Prime Minister Karl: "Your Majesty, since the start of the Franco-Russian War, the oil and water garrisoned in France has been greatly reduced. It may be restored in the future, but the Spanish government obviously cannot wait. If it does not take immediate action, it will use special means to scare Morocco. People, I am afraid that similar massacres will happen again.

Before this, the French colonists had experienced it with their lives. The defeated countries had no human rights. Driven by the power of hatred, everyone chose to turn a blind eye tacitly.

For the Spanish government "It doesn't matter much if we abandon Morocco, which we nominally rule, but it doesn't matter if we watch our own expatriates being massacred by the natives." The The Spanish government has no time to take into account its interests in France, and will not hesitate to cut off its flesh. This is undoubtedly bad news for the Vienna government.

To contain France's re-emergence, Spain is an indispensable pawn. Without this key link, if we want to curb the rise of France, Shinra will have no choice but to do it on its own.

Otherwise, the three gatekeepers of Sardinia, Switzerland, and Belgium would obviously not be able to suppress the French!
Fortunately, there are still Russian thugs. Judging from the current situation, the time for the French to recover after being so tortured by the Russian army has been delayed by at least fifteen years.

Especially not long ago, Nicholas II ordered the Russian troops on the front line to capture more prisoners and send them back to build the railway, which was a fatal blow to France.

Originally, after the end of the European war, France had a serious shortage of young and strong labor force. After the Russian army caused such a disaster, the young and strong labor force became even less.

If he were not afraid of causing a bad reaction, Franz would have wanted to award Nicholas II a Super Anti-French Medal as a sign of encouragement. It must be made with at least ten tons of gold, otherwise it will not be worthy of his achievements.

After thinking for a while, Franz waved his hand and said: "Forget it, if the Spaniards want to withdraw, let them withdraw. Anyway, they won't be needed for a while. The Russians are doing a very good job now, and they can consider increasing their support in the future. . You have to try and see if you can use the Russian sword to destroy France."

As a peace-loving emperor, Franz has always avoided forming a deadly feud with any big country. Even if it does form a knot, they will find ways to resolve it.

If you don't believe it, you can read the history books and see that every enemy Shinra encountered in its development process finally gave up its hatred under the inspiration of God.

As for whether to inspire Dafa physically or spiritually, the tortuous process it goes through is no longer important.

under this guidance. Even after becoming the overlord, the hatred value drawn by the Holy Roman Empire was still not high.

France is an exception. Due to its special geographical location and religious beliefs, it is not suitable for extraordinary measures.

Although there is no way to inspire the French, the hatred value brought down is shared by more than a dozen countries.

After the end of the European War, the Holy Roman Empire was France's biggest enemy for a time, but they soon couldn't hate it anymore.

Compared to the Russians who were directly riding on their heads and tyrannizing, and the traitorous Italians who were showing off their power, the HRE was really not out of place.

This is a good start. The first step to forgetting hatred is to help create a bigger enemy. So far, it seems that the Russians have overfulfilled the task.

Such a sharp knife is useless if you don't use it. If it succeeds, it will be a bloody profit. If it fails, it will be a war between the Russians and the French. What does it have to do with Shinra?

Of course, deep down in his heart, Franz could not help but feel a little afraid of the Russians.

There is no way, the 19th century furry bear is really cheating. It's not that we are afraid of how capable the Russians are. In fact, the gray beast's combat effectiveness has always been only second-rate.

What really scares Franz is that the furry bears are so fertile. Just like Calabash Baby, life is a string.

In the past ten years, the average birth rate in the Russian Empire has exceeded 5%. Even though Franz introduced a bill to encourage childbirth, the Shinra still lags behind the Russians in terms of birth rate.

Simply comparing birth rates, no intuitive difference can be seen from the numbers. But the calculation ratio is scary. The birth rate of the Russian Empire is nearly a quarter higher than that of the Shinra.

Fortunately, the medical conditions in the Russian Empire were backward and the survival rate of newborn babies was low. Otherwise, the position of the most populous country in Europe would have changed hands.

Since the 1970s, the populations of Russia and Austria have been almost the same. It was not until the establishment of the Holy Roman Empire that they truly surpassed the past.

At first glance, the population growth rates of the two countries seem to be similar, so there is no problem. In fact, this is not the case. The Russians have experienced several wars along the way.

If it had not consumed a large number of people in the war, the Russian Empire would have quickly become the most populous country in Europe, just like in the original time and space.

A large number of people does not mean everything, but no one is absolutely impossible. The most typical example is France. If the population of the main ethnic group had not been able to grow, they would not have suffered such a disastrous defeat in the European War.

Fear aside, there is actually no good way to deal with the Russian Franz. While the Russian-Austrian Alliance was tying up the Russians, they also kidnapped HRE.

Interests are the best bond. No matter what, it is impossible for Franz to do such a stupid thing as "killing a thousand enemies and damaging himself eight hundred".

As in the beginning, there is only one way to limit the growth of the Russians' strength, and that is to let the tsarist government continue to fight wars.

Victories one after another, while forging the supreme prestige of the Russian Empire, are also constantly devouring the heritage of this old-school empire.

With so many reasons put together, it is unjustifiable not to let the Russians and the French compete with each other!

(End of chapter)


The main plot of Da Luoluo's new book "The Great Song Dynasty"

is recommended: Haiyue speculates that the protagonist traveled to the eve of Jingkang's humiliation, reversed the situation, and recreated the mountains and rivers of the Great Song Dynasty.

The author is a codewriter. The last book was published at the same time as Haiyue. I finished it last month and had twice as many words as Haiyue. It was embarrassing...

Introduction: Dajin Iron Cavalry is galloping southward on the north bank of the Yellow River. Bianliang, Tokyo, is already in danger. Like nest eggs.

A generation of brothel emperors, Taojun emperors, have been paralyzed on the dragon bed with fear. They just want to abandon hundreds of millions of people, abdicate and run away.

The loyal Yue Fei, who was still dormant in the ranks, was furious when he saw Lu Chen of Shenzhou. The influential figures between the two Song dynasties still don't know when they will emerge.

...

Manke 1's new book "Zhaozhou"

is an alternate history. There is too little content to determine what the main plot is.

Introduction: Lin Zhao was reborn as a human being in East Lake Town with the memories of his previous life. However, the situation he faced was not very optimistic.

A harsh mother made the mother and son breathless. Young people can only make a living by herding cattle in Donghu Town.

Finally one day, Lin Zhao gave up the big green cattle he had kept for three years and walked into Yuezhou Fucheng, which was not very far away. From now on...the world is a little different.

...

"New Book" July's new main line: The New Dynasty is a familiar yet unfamiliar era that many people probably don't know about. Haiyue gave a hint: Wang Mang, Liu Xiu.

The time traveler versus the son of the plane.

...

(End of chapter)

