
Chapter 1045: An Unusual Gathering

As the overlord of Europe, we must consider the overall situation. It is obviously not enough to support the Russo-French war. Spain must also support Spain's sending troops to Morocco.

It was Franz's turn to have a headache as to how to support him. It is impossible to go into battle directly. The rules of the political game are very clear: protect your own wealth.

The world of great powers is the most realistic. If it cannot even handle a few indigenous tribes, then Spain will not be qualified to have colonies.

Material aid is like a meat bun that will never come back. Morocco does not interfere with the Holy Roman Empire's affairs, so there is no need to suppress it at all.

Substantial assistance, no matter what is given, is a loss of blood, so we can only encourage Dafa mentally. Regardless of whether the Spanish government needs it or not, this is a happy decision.

...

Snowflakes are falling, and the bustling streets of Paris at dusk are now filled with sadness. The white sidewalk reflected the shimmering light.

A breeze blew across my face, and then a biting cold wind arose, picking up the falling snowflakes, as if they were being cut by sharp blades...

A carriage drove slowly forward against the wind and snow, and from time to time there was the sound of wheels pressing on the snow. squeaking sound.

Regarding this scene, everyone on the street turned a deaf ear and came and went in a hurry.

The curfew time is coming soon. If you don't go home quickly and fall into the hands of the Russian soldiers on duty, you will inevitably have to shed a layer of skin.

The window of the carriage suddenly opened, and a middle-aged man poked his head out of the carriage, looked around, and suddenly sighed.

"Paris is in trouble!"

Since the 19th century, France has really come to the limelight. It's just that after every beautiful scene, what's left is a mess on the ground.

As the capital, Paris is the center of tragedy. Every time disaster strikes, Paris bears the brunt.

The gorgeously dressed woman patted the middle-aged man on the shoulder and said, "Brea, don't sigh. Believe me, everything will get better.

The dogs raised by the Russians have very sharp noses. If they catch them, It is also a trouble for us.

Paris is in their hands now, and it is really not suitable to provoke them. We will one day settle the blood debt left by the Russians with them."

People under the roof had to Lower your head. Under the Russian front, even the French nobles now had to bow their heads.

Fortunately, this is the 19th century, and the era of aristocrats is not over yet. When facing the nobles, the lawless Russian soldiers had to restrain themselves a little.

Of course, these preferential treatment are only superficial. No one knows what will happen in a secret encounter.

In order to survive better, the French nobles must lower their arrogant heads and make concessions to the Russians.

It's not that no one resisted, this was the outcome for those who resisted, and it wasn't all good in the end. The Russian army nominally does not kill nobles, but there are many ways to kill a few people.

Brea nodded slightly: "Don't worry, Maria. I know what to do next. Let's let the Russians be proud for a few days."

Where there is oppression, there is resistance. The high-pressure rule of the Russians not only angered the French people, but also angered these French nobles.

Most of the resistance organizations in France were secretly created by French nobles, and many of the leaders of the resistance were even children of nobles themselves.

Of course, most of these people are down-and-out nobles. Apart from a noble title, they are not much different from ordinary people.

Everyone who truly has a great family and great business is swallowing their anger. Even if he wanted to take revenge, he would do it secretly, and he would be a law-abiding person on the surface.

Brea is also one of the peaceful people, but he is just a little more passionate than the average person. Efforts have been made to drive out the Russians.

The snow became heavier and heavier, and the carriage stopped at a manor in the suburbs. Looking around, there were no fewer than fifty carriages in Brea's eyes.

It was obvious that this was an aristocratic gathering. Playing like this under the noses of the Russians, one has to admit that the French nobles are big-hearted.

But after seeing the emblems of the noble families on the carriage, no one would feel strange.

With so many nobles gathered together, it was impossible to keep the secret secret. Rather than having a secret meeting in secret, it would be better to hold a banquet with great fanfare.

The European aristocratic circle has always been like this: "If you keep cutting things, you will still be in chaos."

After the end of the European War, the anti-French alliance did not conduct an in-depth liquidation of these people. It was not that the governments did not want to, but that they simply could not do it.

There is life and death on the battlefield, there is nothing to say. After the war, we were still a family. The seventh aunt and eighth aunt are always able to gain relatives.

Since they are all members of the same family, they can only follow the tradition. After all, tradition is to protect the interests of the entire aristocratic group, and there is no need to overthrow it as a vested interest.

Now these guys just violated the curfew and illegal gatherings stipulated by the Russians. It was a serious crime for ordinary people, but it was nothing to the nobles.

If people were really arrested for illegal gatherings, the European world would probably explode tomorrow. Although Mao Xiong is not afraid of criticism from European public opinion, they still want aid supplies from European countries.

Unless it is proven that these guys are conspiring to rebel, it is really hard for the Russians to do anything to them.

Entering the banquet hall, Brea's brows furrowed even more. It was said to be a banquet, but there was no banquet atmosphere at all.

Those who came first gathered together in twos and threes and chatted about the situation. From time to time, some people sighed, as if they were despairing of the current situation.

When Brea was confused, a middle-aged man not far away suddenly waved: "Brea, come here quickly."

Walking over quickly, Brea asked pretending to be confused: "Letes, what were you talking about just now? It seemed so lively?"

Leites replied helplessly: "Apart from the current situation, what else can make us So concerned?

In recent times, the Russians have gone too far. If they continue like this, the Paris area will soon be destroyed by them.

According to the news from the dock, in the past week, the Russians have continued to pack captured prisoners of war. The ship sent them away.

Although I don't know where they were sent, it is definitely not a good thing for France. We have lost a lot of young men in the European War, and the Russians are now..."

Don't worry, as the European War At the end of the year, everyone has realized the importance of population.

It's just that this realization came too late. The population cannot grow just because it grows, especially the lack of young and strong labor force is fatal.

Before France could take a breath, the Russians started acting like monsters again. Based on the information available to everyone, we know that the total population of France has dropped by at least two million in the past six months.

Death after death, exile after exile, escape after escape, the whole of France fell into unprecedented chaos.

Of course, it was not completely without benefits. Their competitors who competed with them for dominance were also almost harmed by the Russians.

The capitalists, businessmen, intellectuals, and middle class who had given them a headache in the past had chosen to run away because they could not withstand the scourge of the Russian army.

Nowadays, all industries in Paris are withered. The shops that dare to stay open are all foreign businessmen. Local businessmen have long been afraid of being looted by the Russian army.

If the family business were not tied to France, these nobles would probably run away. Although the Russian army would not do anything to them on the surface, they could not tell secretly.

There are quite a few nobles who have died unexpectedly and suddenly recently. The deceased all have one characteristic in common: they have expressed anti-Russian tendencies in public. With such a big suspicion, no one would believe that the Russians are okay.

Suspicions remain suspicions. There is no direct evidence to prove that the Russians were responsible. Even if we want to appeal to the international community, we can't.

Compared to the pessimistic crowd, Brea is still a little more optimistic. He comforted: "The situation is not that bad. In addition to these bad news, there is also good news.

The Spanish have reduced half of the garrison. If the chaos in Morocco cannot be calmed down in the short term, it is estimated that they will continue to draw troops.

From now on Judging from the current situation, the alliance is not prepared to increase troops to make up for the gap left by the Spanish. It seems that the southern region can breathe a sigh of relief for now." The anti-French alliance is stationed in France, and the military expenses are borne by the French. Although the Paris government went on strike, if the Russians started to collect taxes themselves, other countries would naturally follow suit.

But compared to the straightforward nature of Russians, everyone still knows how to take a roundabout way. Local people are usually appointed as tax collectors. Unless someone violently resists taxation, the army is rarely dispatched.

Leitus waved his hand and said: "This is good news for the time being, but these problems are not something we can worry about for the time being.

Have you noticed that there are a few unfamiliar faces among the people who came to the banquet?"

Nobles Our circle is not big to begin with, but if a few strangers are suddenly added to it, it will be difficult not to attract everyone's attention. After Leitus reminded them, everyone instantly glanced at the whole place, and finally focused on a small corner.

However, considering the purpose of this banquet, everyone who responded tacitly chose not to see it.

Anti-Russia also requires skills. It doesn't matter if you do something secretly, but you must not leave any evidence to the Russians overtly.

Since the people attending this party were not nobles, they could only be members of the resistance organization.

Not to mention that they don't know each other, even if they are biological brothers, now that their identities are hidden, they can only pretend not to know them.

The forest is big and there are all kinds of birds. It is quite normal for a few traitors to join the Russians among the nobles.

In order to avoid being caught by the Russians, when discussing countermeasures, everyone always spoke orally and never left any written documents.

There is only one explanation for the members of the resistance organization being able to appear here openly, and that is that the big shots' patience with the Russian army has reached its limit.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1046: Super Long Intern

As hatred accumulates, the situation in France further deteriorates. The fall leaves swept away by the autumn wind as expected by the Tsarist government did not appear, but instead stepped into the quagmire.

Forced repression was effective in the cities, but the situation changed once it entered the countryside. The French relied on the terrain to engage in guerrilla warfare, which made the Russian army miserable.

Two hundred thousand Russian troops may seem like a lot, but they are obviously too weak to control the whole of France.

Especially after Spain reduced the number of garrison troops and contracted the garrison scope, the pressure on the Russian army became even greater.

There is no way, the French resistance organization regards the Russians as their primary target. Most of the attacks were directed at the Russian army, while areas controlled by other countries were relatively quiet.

No one likes to ask for trouble. Although we were all allies on the anti-French issue, the tsarist government did not ask for help, so all countries were naturally happy to watch the excitement.

"Asking for help" seems very simple, just a telegram is enough, but it is not easy to actually take this step.

It is an open secret that the Tsarist government wants to establish its power over the French. If you encounter a slight setback, you have to ask for help from your allies, which is a slap in the face.

This is not only a matter of humiliation, but most importantly involves the status of the Russian Empire in the European Union.

In an era when fists and international status are equal, one has as much say as one has strength. If you don't have strength, you won't be tough in anything.

Realizing that the French were not easy to mess with, the tsarist government was already riding a tiger and was unable to get off. If you choose to compromise at this time, you will not only be embarrassed and your status will be reduced internationally, but the reputation of the tsar at home will also plummet.

Russian bureaucrats are all smart people, so they will naturally not make a big fuss by proposing a compromise with the French or asking for help from their allies.

In any case, in the minds of bureaucrats, political correctness always comes first, and everything else is a minor issue.

What's more, with the strength of the Russian Empire, as long as it is willing to invest, suppressing resistance organizations is a matter of strength.

On this issue, the Tsarist government can be said to be quite experienced. Poland, Bulgaria, and Afghanistan, none of them were easy to rule. Didn't they surrender under the iron fist of the tsarist government in the end?
Whether it is true surrender or pretending to cater. In short, on the surface these areas are stable for the time being. Even if there are still guerrillas, they have crawled into the ravine.

Being able to do this was enough for the tsarist government. As long as we can roughly stabilize the situation and give our allies a reasonable explanation, the matter will be over.

In fact, if the international community were not watching, the tsarist government would never mind giving up its "little places in the countryside" and just occupying the richest areas of Paris.

...

The chaos in France did not affect Shinra. Although mankind is entering the era of globalization, since the outbreak of the European War, the normal trade exchanges between HRE and France have been broken.

After the war, France was destroyed, and even if trade was reopened, there would not be much trade volume. All the economic pains broke out in waves during the previous economic crisis, and now their impact has been minimal.

After entering 1896, the Holy Roman Empire, which had escaped from the economic crisis, once again boarded the express train of rapid development.

A new round of five-year plans is being formulated in full swing. The only difference from the past is that the host this time is no longer Franz.

Time flies, and Crown Prince Frederick, who is already in his forties, has now begun to gradually take over government affairs.

In fact, Crown Prince Frederick had already started to get involved in government affairs as early as 20 years ago. But at that time, he was just an intern doing odd jobs.

This internship lasted for twenty years, making it the longest internship in history. If someone were to intern for twenty years in an ordinary position, anyone would probably go crazy.

The emperor profession is obviously an exception. Since ancient times, there have been many princes who have been on standby for a long time. If you don't have enough patience, you won't be able to survive the succession.

Compared with the late Prince Charles, who was still in reserve service in his seventies, Frederick in his forties was really young.

In a sense, both Charles and Frederick were lucky. The inheritance laws of the European world are deeply rooted in the hearts of the people. As long as the crown prince does not seek death, he will not be deposed.

If you were in the Eastern world, being stared at by a bunch of younger brothers below, and all kinds of conspiracies and intrigues coming one after another, it would be a miracle not to be driven crazy.

After taking the plan handed over by his son, Franz quickly browsed it and suddenly stopped on the third page.

"Focus on the development of the petrochemical industry, tell me your reasons?"

There is no right or wrong policy, only whether it is appropriate. According to the actual situation, adopting different policies at different periods is what policymakers should do.

No matter how good the policy is, as long as it appears at the wrong time, it will be harmful to the country and the people.

Everyone knows this principle, but when it is implemented, the situation changes. Because of interests, policy makers must consider more factors when formulating national policies.

How to grasp the specific situation can only be determined according to the actual situation. What seems like an ordinary inquiry is actually a test for my son.

"In recent years, the domestic internal combustion engine industry has been booming, and the petrochemical industry has also followed suit.

However, in the process of development and utilization, serious waste of resources has occurred. During the oil refining process, most of the chemical by-products produced are wasted. On the one hand ,

the technology is not mature enough and the cost of developing and utilizing by-products is too high; on the other hand, the supporting industries have not been able to develop and there are problems in connection.

This is a huge industrial chain. Once developed, it can at least create Millions of jobs will be a huge boost to our economy.

The second reason is that the royal family controls most of the domestic oil fields. Once the petrochemical industry develops, our profits will be huge. "

Crown Prince Frederick replied calmly. Obviously, similar conversations have been held between father and son many times.

It is different from talking to other people, where you have to go around in circles and sell things off. There is always a direct relationship between father and son, and there is nothing hidden. Necessary.

While promoting the development of the country's economy, it is a routine operation to make a fortune by the way. As a rule maker, it is really not difficult to make a fortune. The royal consortium can grow rapidly, except for Franz's foresight. In addition to planning in advance, understanding national policies is also an important factor.

Although he does not specifically make profits from policies, national economic policies are originally promoted by Franz. It is normal that the priority industries overlap with the potential industries he has laid out.

Franz nodded, then shook his head: "Theoretically, there is no problem. However, once the petrochemical industry develops, it will not be appropriate for the royal family to control so many oil fields.

Let's promote the listing of relevant companies, conduct more financing, and reduce the royal family's apparent shareholding.

Since you proposed it, these tasks will now be handed over to you. After the company is listed on the market, an industry association will be formed to raise the industry threshold. "

Since ancient times, eating alone will not have good results, and even the royal family cannot go too far. When Franz was in power, naturally no one dared to compare, and future generations could not be sure.

The best way is to start early Hiding the industry. Like those large conglomerate families in later generations, everyone knows the name of Morgan Locke, but they know nothing about the industries he owns. Those on the rich list are all up-and-coming entrepreneurs, and the established wealthy families are even looking for their shadows. No. No matter how much the descendants can be ruined, it is impossible for them all to decline and no one to survive, right? The only explanation is to hide it. After all, it is much safer to control the country's economic lifeline secretly than to be active in the open.

Going public is undoubtedly a good choice. While sharing the cake and attracting allies, you can also draw a large amount of funds from the market. The cashed-out funds can be invested in new industries and continue to create wealth. That's what Snowball is like It keeps getting bigger and bigger.

"The way of heaven is to make up for the deficiency when there is more than enough damage; the way of man is to make up for the deficiency when there is not enough damage." "

The strong will always be strong, and the rich will get richer" is the essence of the world, which can never be changed by personal will.

Franz is not a saint and does not have the courage to go against the world. Since he cannot change the world, he can only adapt to it. This world.

It is better to control these industries in your own hands than to fall into the hands of profit-seeking capitalists. At least the royal consortium needs to consider the stability of the country and cannot blindly pursue profits.

"Okay, father. "

While replying, Frederick's face changed slightly, his voice trembled slightly, and then returned to normal.

It could be seen that his heart was not calm, but in order to maintain a stable image, he suppressed it forcefully. Yes.

It's right to think about it. The oil industry in the hands of the royal family controls almost half of the world's oil production capacity. Even though the oil industry chain had just emerged in the 19th century, it was still a behemoth.

Suddenly in charge of such a large industry , normal people would be uneasy. It was already very difficult for Frederick to hold back.

Seeing the scene in front of him, Franz nodded with satisfaction. As long as he can hold back, the biggest fear of being an emperor is not being able to hold back. Angry.

To this day, money is just a number to Franz. No amount of wealth can move him.

In contrast, a qualified heir is the most important.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 1047 Busy Frederick
Time is the best way to heal pain. After two years of precipitation, investors have recovered from the panic of the stock market crash.

Just look at the Vienna Stock Exchange. Although the daily trading volume is less than half of its peak, the market has returned to normal.

After the stock market crash, the weak were eliminated and the strong were retained. Although the number of companies on the market has decreased, the quality is much better than before.

After the bubble has been squeezed out, the rational market is obviously much healthier. With the normal operation of the economy, a new wave of pink and tender leeks has entered the market.

Compared with their predecessors who entered the market at their peak, they are obviously much luckier. Enter the market at a low level and catch up with the great economic development.

Although it cannot be said that everyone makes money, most people make some money to some extent. If the impact of the previous stock market crash hadn't been too great, many people would still be worried that there might be another bull market.

It was against this background that we promoted the listing of oil companies. Unlike the sunset industries of later generations, the petrochemical industry these days is all high-tech.

As the world's largest oil producer and consumer, the Holy Roman Empire's annual demand for petrochemical products has maintained a double-digit growth rate in the past decade.

Although petrochemical products have not yet become popular around the world, looking at the demand for Shinra, you can see how huge this market is.

According to calculations by social economists, it is expected that in five years, the world's demand for crude oil will increase to 35 million tons per year, of which the Holy Roman Empire alone will consume 25 million tons per year.

This set of figures may not be noticeable in future generations, but any country can surpass the past. But these days, that's an astronomical figure.

According to the current crude oil price in the international market, the crude oil industry alone is a market worth 350 million Aegis per year, which is close to catching up with the Vienna government's annual fiscal revenue.

However, compared to the entire petrochemical industry, crude oil is only a small part of it. If all are developed, it will be a big market worth at least 1 billion Aegis per year.

The most important thing is that this market is in a period of rapid growth. Doubling demand in five years is just the beginning, and doubling demand in ten years is not a dream.

Although the royal family is not the only oil producer, its oil fields have the lowest extraction costs in the world.

If Franz had not intentionally restricted crude oil exports, it is estimated that the supply of crude oil throughout Europe would have been monopolized by the royal consortium.

Do competitors really exist?

There are only two oil-producing countries in Europe these days, and apart from HRE, Russia is the only one left. Although the cost of mining the Baku oil field is not high, it cannot support the high cost of land transportation!
In the In the context of immature oil pipeline technology, transportation is the primary problem faced by the oil industry.

Not only did the Russians encounter it, but the Allies across the ocean also encountered it. It's just that Americans are lucky. Most of their homeland is in plain areas, so it is relatively difficult to install oil pipelines.

In contrast, the Baku region is not. With today's technology, even if an oil pipeline is built in Baku, the oil will not be transported out. "The most expensive oil pipeline in the world" is not a name for nothing.

In contrast, the oil companies owned by the royal consortium are in a much better situation. It has sufficient oil field reserves and can meet market demand simply by exploiting coastal oil fields that are easy to transport.

The cost of mining and transportation is both low, coupled with the world's most advanced mining and smelting technology, it is clear that it is a dimensionality reduction attack.

With so many advantages, it's natural to make less money. Today, these oil companies are the largest cash cows in the royal consortium.

Now that it is about to go on the market, there are naturally many issues that need to be considered. Whether to integrate into a giant and go public, or to break up and reorganize to create a bunch of small and powerful companies has been bothering Frederick for several days.

The interests involved were so great that even Frederick was frightened. Any wrong decision may cause tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of Aegis losses in the future.

It can be said that he has never had an easy time since taking over this task. There are countless documents to read every day, and he needs to make decisions on all major matters.

With the implementation of policies focusing on the development of the petrochemical industry, the best time to go public has come. As Frederick signed the document, the vigorous oil company listing plan was officially launched.

Four oil companies have gone public together to raise 200 million EEG funds in Vienna and Frankfurt for the construction of petrochemical supporting industry chains.

After receiving this news, European financial news media went crazy.

"200 million Aegis", this number is really amazing. Even if it is divided into four, it is still 50 million Aegis on average.

This figure still exceeds 95% of the world's national fiscal revenue. Currently, the world's most valuable listed company, Austrian Electric Power Group, has a market value of only 850 million EEG.

You must know that the Austrian Electric Power Group controls nearly 60% of Europe's electricity supply, making it the world's largest giant.

According to the valuation of these four oil companies in the capital market, the highest one has reached 570 million Aegis. After listing, it is likely to break the Austrian power group's leading position in market capitalization.

Of course, there are reasons for high valuations. In this era when petrochemicals are regarded as high-tech products, the listing of oil companies is entirely based on the stories told by high-tech companies.

Different from the great dreams of other technology companies, the pictures of oil companies are at least visible and tangible.

Just look at assets and profits. Put aside the hard-core mechanical equipment, factories and technology. The oil fields under the name of each oil company have billions of tons of crude oil reserves, and can generate tens of millions of shields in profits every year.

Coupled with the promise of double-digit profit growth every year and the market's estimates of the future petrochemical industry, high valuations are inevitable.

In fact, had it not been split into four companies, this valuation could have continued to rise. As long as the word "monopoly" is attached to any industry, the capital market will give a very high premium.

Take the Austrian Electric Power Group as an example. At its peak, its market value once exceeded the 2.5 billion Aegis mark. Now that it has fallen, in addition to the stock market crash, the more important thing is that the performance is not as good as expected.

There is no way, who makes the European people poor? Although many cities have popularized power grids, the people at the bottom, who are the largest in number, cannot afford it.

It was expected that industrial electricity consumption would grow. After leaving Shinra, we discovered that not every country was keen on promoting new technologies, and electric motors were not popular at all.

Coupled with the need to import coal in some countries, the cost of power generation is so high that the power grids laid out in many overseas cities have suffered short-term losses.

Although the prospects are broad, it is an indisputable fact that performance growth has slowed down in a short period of time, and the capital market will naturally respond.

In comparison, oil companies are much better off. With the booming development of the automobile industry, internal combustion engines are being promoted much faster than electric motors, and market demand is growing much faster.

...

"Your Highness, the pre-listing equity incentives and pre-subscription work have been completed, and it is expected to be listed for trading on December 21."

No matter how fierce the media controversy is, the largest IPO in the Holy Roman Empire's financial market , it still started.

Nobody cares?

That's completely overthinking. If it were not for the purpose of concealing public opinion, the royal consortium would not be prepared to list the oil company at all.

Whether it is pre-IPO financing or pre-subscription, it is all handled by the royal consortium. It is a left-handed game, how can the valuation be not high?

It's better if no one buys it, the worst is to open a small account and eat them all. According to the current market demand, the petrochemical industry is definitely the future development direction.

According to internal estimates of the consortium, once the petrochemical industry chain is completed, the annual profits of these companies will be able to exceed the current valuation.

In an era when there was no major currency devaluation, economic growth around the world was not fast. Dragons can't be raised in shallow water. Due to the market environment, companies that can maintain double-digit profit growth every year are absolutely rare.

In fact, such high-growth companies usually don't go public. Unless you really encounter financial difficulties, or are about to hit the bottleneck of corporate development.

Because they are worried that a big tree will attract trouble, in order to hide their wealth, they must list their own high-quality companies, which is probably the royal family consortium.

"I know, everything went according to the original plan."

I don't know why, but when everything was completed, Frederick felt empty.

Data refer to 1900 Standard Oil (end of this chapter)


Chapter 1048: Prince and Governor
The eldest son must exercise, and the second son must not be idle. With the continuous development of the times, the governor-general management model of overseas colonies has become increasingly unable to keep up with the times.

Just look at the Spanish colonies, which are now in turmoil. Although there is the participation of external forces, the fact that the own governance method cannot keep up with the times is also an important factor.

The colony of HRE is still stable, mainly because Franz enfeoffed a group of nobles. There is a group of guys who work for themselves, suppressing all kinds of dissatisfaction.

There is no doubt that this kind of feudal rule is even more backward. The only advantage is that it can stimulate the work enthusiasm of your subordinates and maximize their personal potential.

With the double bind of the vassal system and interests, there will definitely be no problems for one or two generations, and there will be no big problems for three or four generations with the strength of the Shinra.

You can't tell for sure after that. People's loyalty cannot withstand the passage of time, and the later the period, the greater the proportion of interests.

Now that the overseas colonies are economically backward and have to rely on local support, they are naturally as close as one family.

As the economy continues to develop, the future is uncertain. When the colonial economy developed one day and was unwilling to continue to serve as a source of raw materials and a sales market for goods, conflicts between the two sides arose.

The palms and backs of hands are full of flesh. No matter how fair the central government is, it will still be biased when dealing with problems. Once or twice is not a big problem, but eight times out of ten it will lead to alienation .

Instead of waiting for the situation to deteriorate to the point of parting ways, it is better to deal with it now while the relationship is close and give the colonies greater autonomy.

Obviously, the governor-general system cannot meet such needs. The British in the original time and space had already made attempts in this regard. In the end, due to lack of cohesion, the United States and the Soviet Union took advantage of it.

Since the governor-general management system cannot meet the needs, it is better to continue the enfeoffment system and establish a state according to the tradition of the Shinra. Even if the game fails later, it will be rotten in the pot.

In fact, after the rise of the colonial movement, Franz was not the first to implement enfeoffment overseas.

Both Japan and England, as well as Britain and France, have enfeoffed nobles overseas. But the domestic resistance was too strong, turning the real seal into a virtual seal.

Except for a few small nobles who actually received fiefs, most nobles only had a nominal title, and the government took away the power to govern their fiefs.

Since we want to play in vain, we naturally cannot expect people to give up the good life in their native land and go to work in remote colonies.

After the rise of Shinra, after seeing the fighting power of the feudal nobles, various countries have not thought of following suit.

It's a pity that the overall situation has been decided at this time, and the bourgeoisie and the bureaucratic group are trying their best to block it. It's okay for the king to enfeoff a few nobles, but it is simply impossible to want to enfeoff all the inability.

The reason for opposition is very high. Colonies belong to the country and belong to all citizens, and cannot be usurped by individuals.

In one sentence, all the achievements of the colonial pioneers were erased, as if the colonies just fell from the sky.

Anyone with a little knowledge knows that although the government played an important role in the process of colonization, the real main force was immigrants.

"Colonies belong to the country and belong to all citizens." On the surface, they are indeed safeguarding national interests. In fact, there is a sentence added after this - "The interests of the colonies belong to the bureaucracy and capital."

The essence of the opposition still lies in the distribution of interests.

According to the HRE's enfeoffment model, the central government only controlled major cities and important ports, and most of the remaining land was enfeoffed to meritorious ministers. All areas that no one wanted were returned to the emperor.

The beneficiary groups are mainly soldiers and immigrants. Those who are lucky can become feudal nobles, and those who are not lucky can also get a piece of land of their own.

Although bureaucrats and capitalists have also gained, they are obviously much smaller than those of the lucky ones who rose to prominence.

Jealousy makes people crazy. Based on the mentality that I can't get it and can't let others get it, opposition is inevitable.

It's just that the German region is special. The long-term melee between princes has kept the military dominated by the nobles in a strong position. Coupled with an emperor who was willing to share the spoils, he could suppress the domestic bureaucracy and capital.

It's different in other countries. Taking Britain as an example, high-level positions were controlled by civilian officials, the military was suppressed, and there was no strong emperor, so the enfeoffment naturally could not be carried out.

The military can only follow behind and eat soup, and ordinary immigrants are the targets of exploitation. No one can bear to be robbed of wealth for a long time.

The original space-time colonial empire collapsed. In addition to the troubles caused by the United States and the Soviet Union, the most important reason was that capital and bureaucrats took too much.

Especially in the later period, when nationalism awakened and the cost of colonization increased, bureaucrats and capital took away too many benefits, and the colonies directly suffered losses.

With the economy strained, the colonial government had to cut back on spending, directly harming the interests of the military and immigrants. They couldn't even drink the soup, so naturally everyone was unwilling to work for the colonial empire.

With the dedicated people gone, the colony becomes increasingly chaotic and maintenance costs continue to rise. When ordinary people saw that the colony not only did not make money, but actually lost money, they simply did not want it.

When the bureaucracy and capital, as vested interest groups, realized the danger, the wave of independence had already risen, and the colonial empire was unable to recover.

With lessons learned from the past, Franz could not but prepare for a rainy day. Anyway, the Holy Roman Empire already has many states, and it doesn't care about adding a few more.

Abolition of overseas colonies and establishment of states was something that could only be done by Franz, and no one else could bear such a big thunder.

... Franz of the Vienna Palace held a document and said seriously: "This is the appointment letter of the Governor of Central America. I ask you one last time, Peter, are you really ready?"

The state of the country is not achieved in one fell swoop. Franz can help solve domestic troubles. It is not new to enfeoff princes. Anyone else can be enfeoffed, and naturally it is the emperor's son's turn.

It's nothing more than that the fiefdom has become bigger by "billion points" and the autonomy has been increased by "billion points". As for the title level, it remains unchanged.

It is a routine operation of the Habsburg dynasty for a prince to obtain the title of grand duke. According to the constitution of the HRE, a grand duke can establish a state as long as he obtains the approval of the emperor.

By dividing the princes and establishing a state, they are still part of the Holy Ra. This is not considered to be splitting the country, let alone treason. There are enough precedents in history that the people will not have much resistance.

The strongest opponents should be the capitalists and bureaucrats whose interests have been harmed, but these people can only curse a few words at most. They still don't have the guts to do anything.

As for the local feudal nobles, establishing a state will not deprive them of their fiefdoms. They have a lot of rights. It is nothing more than having an extra boss above their heads.

They may feel unhappy, but due to the obligations of vassals, they have no way to oppose the emperor.

However, the emperor's son alone can only keep everyone respectful. If you want to win their allegiance, it still depends on the monarch's political skills.

It is too risky to go straight to the point. Although he has confidence in the son he has trained, Franz will not play tricks to encourage others.

The position of "Governor" is a good transition. If you do well, you will become a king. If you don't do well, you will go home and become a rice borer.

In recent years, the Habsburg dynasty has also been prosperous and has many replacements. Not only his son, but also his grandson. Anyway, as long as Franz is alive, he can operate.

In addition to the nearby Middle East and Africa that need to be incorporated into the mainland, the colonies in Southeast Asia and the Americas can all establish state rule.

In a sense, this is also diversification. For the royal family, having more crowns is also a kind of protection.

The high-spirited Peter immediately promised: "Don't worry, father. I have been preparing for this day for many years."

Indeed, I have been preparing for many years. From the time he opened overseas colonies, Franz had plans to establish overseas states, so When raising sons, everything is done according to the standards of heirs.

After so many years of preparation, it was finally time to implement it, and it was hard for Peter not to be excited. After all, he is not young anymore.

He is now middle-aged. If the plan is not started and the country's system is not perfected, he, the founder of the country, will get old first.

Looking at his high-spirited second son, Franz felt relieved but did not show any expression on his face. He pretended to be indifferent and said: "You have five years to get to Austrian Central America.

I don't care what method you use. , as long as you can take control of the local area within five years, you will be the future king of Central America.

One last piece of advice for you, unless it is a last resort, it is best not to use methods beyond the rules.

Maybe the rules will restrict you But what can protect you are still the rules. As the superior, you can modify the rules, but you must not take the lead in violating the rules.

Of course, this has a premise, that is, it does not threaten your own safety and the authority of the monarch. If you pass this Bottom line, then all the rules can be overthrown and reinstated.

What to do specifically requires you to make a decision based on the actual situation. No one can help you in this regard."

...

The appointment of Peter as the governor of Central America is just the beginning. Next, there are governors of Nanyang, South America, and Alaska waiting for Franz's appointment.

However, considering the actual situation, Franz did not replace all overseas colonial governors with his own sons at once.

Nothing can be accomplished in one go. Just appointing a prince to serve as colonial governor, even if there is controversy from the outside world, it will not be too big.

If it were overseas colonies, they would all be replaced by princes. Even a political novice knows what the emperor is going to do.

Franz would not provoke internal disputes until the British, the foreign enemy, were eliminated. Even if it were possible to suppress all opposition forces, that would not work.

"A tiger fights a rabbit with all its strength."

Not to mention dealing with the British. You must know that some people may not be good at doing things, but their ability to make trouble is definitely top-notch.

No one knows how much damage a detail error will cause.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1049: Scandal and Elements of the Monarchy The

The appointment of the prince as colonial governor should have been a big news, but unfortunately the recent hot topics have been a bit fierce, and the news has been covered up.

On May 18, 1896, Nicholas II held a grand garden tour in Heden Square outside Moscow. As usual, the Tsar would distribute gifts to the masses.

It was supposed to be a celebration with the people, but Nicholas II was tricked very miserably. I don't know who got the news, but the celebrations had not even started yet and the whole country was aware of it.

People from all over the country flocked to Hedeng Square. More than 500,000 people gathered at the event site, which was less than nine square kilometers.

What's even more embarrassing is that the ground of the square has not been hardened and is still uneven. There are many potholes and ditches. The bureaucrats responsible for organizing the celebration have not taken any safety measures.

As soon as the event started, the scene was in chaos. Driven by thoughtful people, the people behind continued to crowd forward, causing thousands of deaths and tens of thousands of injuries on the spot.

A celebration was turned into an epic disaster.

What was even more tragic was that the bureaucrats concealed the losses. Nicholas II, who was kept in the dark, did not take any emergency measures and still held a celebration banquet that night.

After the news spread, all the firepower of European public opinion was focused on Nicholas II. All the charges of "cruelty", "barbarism", "tyrant"... were all pinned on Nicholas II.

By the time Nicholas II reacted, everything had settled. The official responsible for planning the celebration committed suicide out of fear of guilt, and the relevant personnel are missing.

The clues were broken and the mastermind behind the scenes was not found. They only caught a few unsuspecting pawns. Needless to say, Nicholas II will take the blame.

Even if compensation is provided afterwards, the negative impact has already been caused. It is not that simple to eliminate the impact.

Nicholas II gloriously became the number one "tyrant" in the European world. The media were busy reporting on the "Heden disaster" and the public's attention was attracted.

Except for politicians paying attention to such small news as the prince's appointment as governor, ordinary people have no interest at all.

Being robbed of the hot search, even the prepared plans were not used, but Franz was not dissatisfied at all.

In a sense, all European monarchs should give Nicholas II medals.

Without contrast, there is no harm. With the negative example of the Czar, the European people suddenly discovered that their monarch was really, really good.

Even in turbulent Spain, the domestic situation has improved. In just one night, the Spanish people discovered that putting a baby baby on the throne of the king is actually not a bad idea.

At least it has little destructive power, and at most it only throws a few milk bottles. Although Spain is not rich, it is still affordable for this small amount of money.

The people in Europe were happy, but Nicholas II was on the verge of going berserk.

In order to give an explanation to the people, the Prime Minister has taken the blame and resigned. But this is not enough. The matter will not end until the mastermind behind the scenes is caught.

"Trash!"

"They are all trash!"

"Everyone is ordinary..."

...

Faced with the tsar's curse, everyone lowered their heads. There is no way, Nicholas II is indeed right.

Such a huge scandal happened right under everyone's noses, and they didn't even know who did it. What is it if it's not "trash"?
Of course, the ministers are useless, and the tsar, who was played with by others and applauded, is obviously not much better.

Regardless of whether he was plotted against or not, Nicholas II could not take off the label of "incompetence".

It can be said that in the coming years, if he does not do something big to prove his ability, then history will definitely have one sentence: "the incompetent tsar".

Seeing that the atmosphere was not right, Sergei Vitte, who had just been appointed as Prime Minister, bit the bullet and persuaded: "Your Majesty, the matter has come to an end now. The top priority is to deal with the aftermath as soon as possible.

Compensation alone is not enough, we have to take more measures. Restore your reputation as soon as possible, least careerists take advantage of it."

Since the outbreak of the "Heden Disaster", Nicholas II's reputation has hit rock bottom. If the previous tsars had not done well and left a rich legacy, the foundation of the tsarist government's rule would now be shaken.

However, it is precisely because the previous predecessors did so well that Nicholas II, who was compared with him, was tragic.

Although great-grandfather Nicholas I made no achievements in domestic affairs, he could not resist him. Defeated the British, French and Ottoman armies, recaptured the Orthodox Holy Land of Constantinople, and realized the centuries-old dream of the Russians.

With this achievement alone, Nicholas I became the greatest tsar of the Russian Empire. Now the Russian people call Nicholas I, that is Nicholas the Great.

My grandfather, Alexander II, was also awesome. Although he faced a huge defeat at the beginning of his succession, he worked hard and tried his best to retaliate, and later returned with profits.

The military achievements are not perfect, but Alexander II's political achievements are outstanding! Completed serfdom reform and pulled the declining Russian Empire back from the brink.

By the time of his father, Alexander III, he had finally become much more normal. He was no longer like the two previous cheaters, unable to catch up at all.

Politically, his performance can only be regarded as satisfactory. He has not made any major contributions or caused any troubles. Overall, he has maintained the country's stable development.

His military performance was barely excellent. He teamed up with Austria to destroy the Ottoman Empire, bullied the Central Asian natives, and fought a battle with the British, but unfortunately he failed to achieve full success.

All in all, he was a good czar of the Russian Empire. In the historical evaluation of the Russian Empire, it will definitely not be low.

In contrast, Nicholas II was tragic. He has done nothing major since he took the throne. A black pot fell from the sky first, hitting him blindly.

There is no need to think about anything now. Nicholas II will be unable to do anything until his personal reputation is restored.

Nicholas II asked back: "How to recover? We have explained to the diplomats and told the people that this is the enemy's conspiracy. Isn't it enough?"

There is no way, anger will burn a person's IQ, and often make people do Act irrationally.

Nicholas II, who had not recovered from his anger, asked naturally, without the words passing through his brain at all.

Sergey Witte frowned and explained helplessly: "Your Majesty, the people lack sufficient discernment ability. Since the enemies hiding in the dark have planned such a big conspiracy, they will definitely not let it go.

If we don't do a good job in related matters If you work, the enemy will take advantage of you. Explanation is obviously not enough, you also need to show your people-friendly side and prove..."

It can be seen that Sergey Witte is really feeling bitter now.

If the enemy doesn't give up, it would be a good thing to take the opportunity to cause trouble. The Tsarist government has already taken action, and as long as the enemy moves, it will leave clues.

I am afraid that the enemy will remain silent and continue to hide in the dark corners waiting for new opportunities. If they can't find anything, they'll be in big trouble.

...

Nicholas II was having a headache trying to restore his reputation, and the monarchs of various European countries were also frightened.

If Nicholas II hadn't stepped on the thunder first and a similar scene happened to him, the consequences would be unimaginable.

In the Vienna Palace, Franz was secretly grateful. Fortunately, I was low-key enough and didn't go to any messy celebrations. Otherwise, if I were attacked by enemies like this at the beginning of my succession, I would have shed my skin even if I didn't die!

Of course, only at the beginning of the succession. By now, the majestic image created by Franz has long been deeply rooted in the hearts of the people. Even if a little dirty water is poured on it, no one will believe it.

What's more, there is no room for a similar scene to happen in Shinra. Every time the Vienna government holds a celebration, armed police troops are all over the streets. If they want to commit crimes and cause trouble, people will probably get in before they have time to take action.

After all, Shinra has been cultivating people's sense of order since the compulsory education stage.

There is no guarantee that crowding and stampedes will not happen, but when there are military police to maintain order, that will never happen.

Everyone abides by the order. If some people don't abide by the order, it will be very obvious and they will be found out easily.

I examine myself three times every day. No matter what, lessons and experiences must be learned.

In the Palace of Vienna, Franz was tapping the imperial chair with his hand, looking at Frederick and asking: "What are your thoughts on Nicholas II's encounter this time?" I have to admit that time flies by quickly. . In the blink of an eye, the Russian Empire had three czars, and Nicholas II was already the fourth.

This is really not something Franz can endure. In fact, the first three czars of the Russian Empire were all older than Franz, and they often had accidents. It is normal for them to meet God early.

You know, the tsar is also a high-risk profession. As far as Franz knew, neither Nicholas I, Alexander II, nor Alexander III were assassinated.

On average, each of these czars suffered more than three digit assassinations. People who don't have a strong mentality simply can't do it.

I don't know if the tsarist family has been cursed. Anyway, from Nicholas I to the present, every tsar has been successful in assassinations. Unlucky guys like Alexander II went to see God directly during assassinations. .

After thinking for a while, Frederick said slowly: "I was so miserably plotted that I didn't even know who the enemy was. It seems that the Tsarist government is really corrupt. The once mighty Russian Empire no longer exists. Now I am like an old man, his body is declining day by day.

If nothing happens, we will not need to worry about the Eastern Front for a long time in the future."

In addition to a strong sense of contempt, there is also a hint of contempt in his tone. Emotions of joy, evidently in Frederick's mind, the decline of the Russian Empire was a good thing.

Franz smiled slightly and did not comment directly: "It is normal that the Tsarist government cannot find out. It is estimated that the people behind the scenes didn't know that the matter would become so big.

Judging from the public information, these people initially released the news. They just wanted to create chaos, disrupt the celebration, and give Nicholas II a blow.

No one expected that a large-scale stampede would occur at the scene. Things were out of control, and of course they had to try their best to hide them at this time.

Maybe the mastermind behind the scenes, Among the top leaders of the tsarist government. Let them investigate themselves, and naturally there will be no results.

If Nicholas II is decisive enough, he will directly carry out a comprehensive purge of Moscow's bureaucrats, nobles, and capitalists, and there will definitely be unexpected gains. .

Others don't need to know, but they can't hide it from these local snakes. Without the cooperation of these guys, it would not be an easy task to gather 500,000 people to the scene.

If you are in a different position, you are Nicholas II Shi, what will you do now?"

After a moment of silence, Frederick replied harshly: "Use this as an excuse to mobilize troops into the Moscow area, select restless guys to kill chickens as a warning to monkeys, and shock people's hearts to establish prestige.

If things go well. If you want to, use this as an entry point to open a crack in the door for reform and continue to promote the social reforms that Alexander II failed to complete." The Great Purge does not exist. This is not a question of courage. The key is that Nicholas II, who has just succeeded to the throne of Tsar, does not yet have that kind of prestige.

It is true that the army obeyed the Tsar's orders, but no one knew whether they would be compromised when executing the orders.

Moscow is the largest metropolis in the Russian Empire after St. Petersburg, and the local powerful factions also have great influence on the Tsarist government.

There is no problem in selecting a few active ones to scare the monkeys, but it is impossible to completely clean them up.

As a tsar, you can lose everything but your prestige. If you can't win everyone's respect, then let everyone be afraid.

Compared with the authority of the monarch, tracking down the person behind the scenes is not that important. Because it doesn't matter whether you investigate or not, politics never requires evidence, only suspicion is enough.

Any enemy of the tsarist government, anyone who does not deal with the tsar, can be a suspect, and the scores will be settled later.

Even if you get the wrong target, it doesn't matter. Those who are suppressing are your own enemies anyway, and there is no such thing as accidental injury.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1050: Back Stabbing
No matter whether the mastermind behind it can be found out or not, life has to go on. After dealing with a few scapegoats, the "He Den tragedy" came to an end.

Social beatings not only make people mature, they may also make them paranoid. This is the case with Nicholas II now. The delay in finding out the results of the "Heden Massacre" made him lose trust in government bureaucrats.

Originally, this was nothing. There were many emperors who did not trust the bureaucrats. In a sense, distrusting the integrity of the bureaucracy is also a necessary factor for the success of a monarch.

The trouble was that Nicholas II couldn't control his emotions and exposed his true thoughts before finding enough substitutes.

At this point, Nicholas II is almost the same as Chongzhen. When you trust someone, you trust unconditionally; once you find out that you have been deceived, you will go to the other extreme.

Facts have proved that the bureaucracy is not easy to mess with either. No one wants to stand out in direct confrontation with the Tsar. But finding trouble for the Tsar in other places was still easy for everyone.

In the days that followed, news from various places demanding autonomy, opening up parliaments, and liberalizing elections... appeared on Nicholas II's desk like snowflakes.

...

Paris, headquarters of Russian troops stationed in France.

General Okinets frowned and hung up the phone, pressing for supplies again. Recently, he has been driven crazy by logistics.

As the person directly responsible for the Russian army's looting of places and causing the situation in France to get out of control, General Okinets is now in the stage of making meritorious deeds.

In order to make up for his mistakes as soon as possible, General Okinets showed extra strength when suppressing the French resistance.

"Generate electricity to urge the country. When will our supplies arrive?"

This is also the tradition of the Russian Empire. If the supplies are not rushed, we will not be able to get them. Regardless of whether the frontline is fighting or not, it cannot affect the bureaucrats making money.

In order to obtain as much floating materials as possible, the Russian Army Logistics Department has always had the principle of "a point saved is a point, and a day delayed is a day." In this regard, the bureaucrats have shown unparalleled talent.

"Your Excellency, Commander, in the past week, we have sent seven requesting telegrams to the Logistics Department and the Army Department.

Except for the awaited reply from the Army Department, the rest of the telegrams have fallen into the sea and are now gone. News.

Combined with the previous news, I am afraid that there has been another incident in the country that we are not aware of. Before we understand the specific situation, it is really not appropriate for us to get involved now." The attendant reminded.

Under normal circumstances, if you request supplies, no matter when they can be delivered, the logistics department will call you back.

Thinking of being so negative now and not even replying to a telegram, there are only two explanations: either the telegraph operator was derelict in his duties, or something happened within the government.

General Okinets nodded and said helplessly: "Let's send another reminder, with a harsher tone.

Tell them that if the supplies are delayed and the frontline military operation fails, they will be responsible for it.

In addition, Inform officers above the division level to come over for a meeting in the evening."

The country is in political turmoil and there are problems with the supply of supplies to the front line. This is a completely unforeseen disaster.

If he is a strong general, he can also make trouble with domestic bureaucrats. If the problem cannot be solved, he can complain to the tsar.

It's a pity that General Okinets, who was born in a minor aristocracy, is obviously not strong enough and dare not offend the bureaucrats of the Logistics Department to death.

However, logistical problems had to be solved. Fortunately, the Vienna government sponsored enough potatoes, otherwise Admiral Okinets would not even have time to think about countermeasures.

Even though the Russian army occupied the "rich" Paris area, you would think that they would not have to worry about food and drink. If this was true in the past, unfortunately everything is different now.

Unlike Germany in the original time and space, after the end of the European War, the Anti-French Alliance did not ask the French government for industrial and commercial products to pay off its debts, and naturally would not help them resume industrial production.

Although the Bourbons made efforts to restore production after taking over, France, whose domestic market collapsed, obviously did not have the foundation to develop industry.

There is no doubt that Europe in the 19th century had no third choice except industry and agriculture, which could accommodate a large number of employed people.

If the employment problem cannot be solved, the economy will naturally not improve. The once prosperous areas of Paris are now large slums.

Since the defeat of France, apart from a short-term increase in the population of the Paris area during the outbreak of refugee flows, the rest of the time has been a continuous loss.

This situation has been exacerbated by the strike by the Carlos government. Almost every day, thousands of people can be seen dragging their families and families away from this desperate land.

The locals couldn't survive and were forced to run away. It was simply a dream to raise hundreds of thousands of military supplies for the Russian army on the spot.

"Okay, Your Excellency, Commander."

After saying that, the aide turned around and was about to leave, when General Okinets suddenly shouted: "Wait a minute."

"No need to rush, there is probably a major change in the country. I'm afraid they won't be able to take care of us for a while.

Directly send a message to the Allied Forces Command to explain in detail the difficulties we are facing and request material assistance."

Frankly speaking, if there are other options, General Okinets will I won't take this step.

Although the Allied Forces Command was nominally the superior of the Russian troops stationed in France, this organization had degenerated into a communication and liaison organization as early as the end of the anti-French war.

Although it still has nominal jurisdiction, it is only a political necessity. In fact, the actions of the Russian army have long been independent of the Allied Command.

With this name in mind, the Russian army can indeed seek help from the Allied Forces Command. Out of the need to suppress France, the Vienna government would certainly not sit idly by.

But there is no free lunch in this world. Once the money and food from the Allied Command are taken, it will be impossible for the Russian Army in France to maintain its current independent status.

If it only involved the issue of independent military command of the hundreds of thousands of Russian troops on the front line, then the extremely poor Tsarist government would probably have sold it to the Vienna government long ago.

At worst, becoming a mercenary is not without precedent in history. As long as the price is right, the tsarist government will not mind.

The problem is that once Allied Command gets involved, the problem becomes complicated. Now that the Allied Forces Command has obtained the command of the Russian army, should the command of the troops stationed in other countries also be transferred?
There is no doubt that without the thorny leader of the Russian Empire, it would be impossible for other members of the Anti-French Alliance to reject Vienna's will.

Although General Okinets is not a professional politician, since he has been able to climb to his current position, he is certainly not a political novice.

With his personal political sense, he knew that once the Allied Command was allowed to take real power, the consequences would be very serious.

It is true that Russia and Austria are allies, but it does not mean that the Russian Empire is also an ally of the Holy Roman Empire.

In the eyes of ordinary people, the Vienna government is in charge anyway, and the difference is not big, but Admiral Okinets knows that there is an essential difference.

Although the Austrian Empire was powerful in the past, the gap in strength with the Russian Empire was not too big. The two countries could naturally become good allies.

However, things are different now. Although he was unwilling to admit it deep down, Admiral Okinets also knew that the strength gap between Russia and HRE had completely widened.

Is the difference "twice", "three times", or more?

No one can give an answer to this question. In short, the Russian Empire was indeed lagging behind.

As an old-school empire, Russia naturally does not want to become the little brother of HRE. As far as Admiral Okinets knew, in order to get rid of the economic control of the HRE, the Tsarist government secretly made a lot of efforts.

Now that I am sending over the command of the Russian troops stationed in France, it will definitely be a big failure politically, and I will inevitably be beaten in the future.

Knowing what he knew, Admiral Okinets still had no more options. The domestic bureaucracy is holding us back. If we don't find a backer, how can we fight the rest of the war?
You must know that he is now guilty of meritorious service. It's okay if he wins on the battlefield; if he loses, he will definitely go through a military court.

General Okinets' foundation in the country is not solid enough. Marshal Ivanov, who promoted him, has already seen God. There is no one in the top management who can help him speak out. Going to a military court will definitely be a disgrace.

For Okinets personally, it was obviously more secure to move closer to the Allied headquarters. With the status of the Russian Empire in the alliance and this political alignment, he can at least get the position of deputy commander of the Allied Forces.

With this layer of amulet, he is the highest-level officer of the Russian Empire in the Allied Forces Command. As long as the Tsarist government wants to maintain its right to speak in the Allied Forces, it can only make up its nose and admit it.

As for settling accounts after the fall, the most it will do is sit on the bench after returning to Central. There can be no more, otherwise the tsarist government will slap itself in the face.

...

Nicholas II has not received any news from the frontline, and he is currently busy sorting out internal problems.

In fact, the political struggle suddenly intensified, and the "tsar's distrust" was only a trigger. The deeper reason was still because of "reforms."

Since the end of the 19th century, Russia's industrial system has gradually been improved, the gap between the rich and the poor in the country has further widened, and domestic conflicts have intensified.

Especially after the outbreak of the European economic crisis, the Russian Empire, whose agricultural exports were hit hard, saw a large number of farmers going bankrupt and intensifying social conflicts.

Faced with these circumstances, Alexander III began to carry out internal reforms in his later years from the perspective of maintaining his rule.

Unfortunately, Alexander III met God before the results came out, and Nicholas II, who had just succeeded to the throne, was forced to take over the burden of continuing the reform.

No matter how we reform, we will inevitably harm the interests of some people. Nicholas II's reforms were naturally no exception.

In a sense, Nicholas II suffered calculations before, which was also one of the backlash brought about by the reform.

...

Putting down the documents in his hands, Nicholas II asked dissatisfiedly: "Aren't those guys in the local self-government bureau satisfied?"

After Nicholas II came to the throne, the county and state management agencies of the local self-government bureau The liberals hoped to obtain greater autonomy to ease the contradiction between the tsarist system and the people.

It is obvious that alleviating conflicts is false. Wanting greater autonomy is the fundamental purpose of these political forces.

Prime Minister Sergei Vitte: "Yes, Your Majesty. The representatives of the Autonomous Bureau insist on opening up comprehensive autonomy, including parliament, elections, legislation..."

Before Sergei Vitte could finish speaking, Nicholas II could not bear to say anything. He couldn't help scolding: "The people in the local self-government bureau are thinking wildly again and want to participate in the national administration. Why don't they ask God for the management rights of the Kingdom of Heaven?
I hope everyone knows that the autocratic system of the tsarist government cannot be shaken. Just like my unforgettable father!
Even if we want to learn from Europe's advanced systems, it is enough for us to learn from Austria. There is no need to think about things all day long.

If you want national management rights and freedom, why don't you open your eyes? Look, what's happening to Free France now?"

Obviously, with positive and negative real-life examples, Nicholas II was more confident to say no to the autonomous representatives.

No matter how liberals blame it, France before its defeat was indeed the freest country in Europe. The level of public participation in politics is also the highest, and government decisions are often influenced by public opinion.

However, it was precisely because of this freedom that France's chariots were aimed at Central Europe, which eventually triggered the European Continental War and buried the powerful French Empire.

In contrast, it was the relatively conservative Austria that became the final winner and established the Holy Roman Empire.

Of course, Nicholas II was absolutely unwilling to learn about the Holy Roman Empire. Austria and the Holy Roman Empire were completely different concepts.

Although HRE is also relatively conservative, the following states, autonomous municipalities, and autonomous provinces have completely independent autonomy.

The autonomy currently demanded by representatives of the Autonomous Bureau is actually a replica of the states under the Shinra, except that there is one less monarch.

The states of the Holy Roman Empire are all dominant ethnic groups. They share the same language, history, politics, and culture. They also have nearly a thousand years of state system tradition, and they have sufficient centripetal force.

The Russian Empire is not good. The majority ethnic group accounts for only 40%. Many ethnic minorities have been brutally oppressed and have no feelings for this country.

To play with unlimited autonomy is to engage in division. It would be fine if the central government remained strong, but if it declines one day, there will be a backlash immediately.

Starting from Nicholas I, Alexander II and Alexander III did not accept the conditions for autonomy. Naturally, Nicholas II could not accept it.

persuade?

No, some of the people present may have objections to the Tsar, but they absolutely have no objections to their own country.

...

Foreign Minister Mihajlovic: "Your Majesty, the United States of America has sent a diplomatic note, hoping to strengthen economic exchanges and cooperation with us.

The Americans proposed to build a railway from Central Asia to the Far East to promote relations between the two countries. of business and trade. (End of chapter)


Chapter 1051: Like Me
Everyone was stunned when they heard this news that seemed like a fantasy. The Americans want to build the "Siberian Railway". Isn't this because the sun rises from the west?

The Americans want to strengthen economic exchanges and cooperation between Russia and the United States, and everyone can barely accept it. After all, the divided United States seriously lacks a product sales market.

As both members of the fringe world, there is no conflict of interest. The relationship between Russia and the United States has been good in recent years. It's just that the Americans want to build the "Siberian Railway", which is a bit funny.

The Siberian Railway has such a great effect and can promote economic and trade cooperation between Russia and the United States. Why didn't we know?
Everyone knows that when the distance difference is not large, the cost of rail transportation is much higher than that of sea transportation, not to mention the transportation cost of a special railway like the Siberian Railway, the transportation cost is even higher.

Whether starting from the east coast or the west coast, it is better to ship goods directly to the Russian Empire than to go to the Far East for transit.

If we really want to talk about promoting economic and trade between the two countries, it is actually possible. Just not to promote commercial trade between Siberia and the United States.

Unlike Siberia in later generations, the Siberia region today can be said to have nothing but greatness.

The Siberian area of more than 13 million square kilometers has a population of less than 7 million. This is the result of Ottoman immigrants. Otherwise, this number can be doubled.

Siberia developed after the railway was opened. Mainly due to Stalin's deportation policy, the local population increased.

With such a small population spread over more than 13 million square kilometers of land, talking about trade is a joke.

The market purchasing power in Siberia is probably not even one-tenth that of St. Petersburg.

To say that Americans have taken a fancy to this "vast and uninhabited" market and want to engage in in-depth farming and management, I think even a normal person would not believe it.

Nicholas II asked: "What do Americans want?"

There is no love or hate for no reason in the world, especially between countries. As a normal person, Nicholas II did not believe that Americans would do charity without benefits.

You must know that the construction cost of the Siberian Railway is not a small amount. It ranks second in the entire history of mankind, second only to the Shinra Ring Railway.

A few years earlier, the Tsarist government had completed the exploration of the Siberian Railway. If the budget costs were not so daunting and the tsarist government's pockets were not deep, construction of the railway would have started long ago.

Although the financial resources of the United States these days are stronger than those of the Russian Empire, they are only limited. They are also heavily in debt.

Their own railway had not yet been completed, and they suddenly came to offer help in building the Siberian Railway. Nicholas II could not help but doubt their motives.

Foreign Minister Mihajlovic explained: "In recent years, the United States has encountered bottlenecks in its development and urgently needs to open up a larger sales market for goods.

But now the world has been divided up, including what was originally regarded as a back garden by the Americans. America has now fallen into the sphere of influence of Britain and HRE, and there is no room for them to intervene.

In order to change this situation, the Americans have set their sights on expansion in the Far East. However, their strength is limited and they are unable to compete with the British. , it is even difficult to suppress the Japanese.

If there is no external intervention, it is only a matter of time before the Americans are expelled from the competition in the Far East.

Judging from the current international situation, it is currently possible to provide help to the Americans, and it is possible to provide help We are the only ones.

Apart from joining forces with us, they have no way to deal with the Anglo-Japanese alliance. The Americans proposed to build the Siberian Railway, which seems to be helping us. In fact, this is also their strategic helplessness.

Of course, the Americans also They are not vegetarians, and their appetite is quite good.

In addition to joining forces with us to expand in the Far East, they also want to get the franchise of the Siberian Railway and the most-favored-nation status in international trade."

Starting from the defeat of Napoleon, Russian People have a kind of "mysterious self-confidence", especially after capturing Constantinople, it reached its peak.

The Prussian-Russian War once awakened the Tsarist government, but after the victory in the war, everyone quickly became addicted again.

This "confidence" is also reflected in politics and diplomacy. The strategy including heading south to India is based on this "mysterious self-confidence".

After hearing this explanation, everyone including Nicholas II was tempted.

Most-favored-nation treatment is the same as not being given. Anyway, the Russian Empire is already dominated by Shinra's industrial and commercial products, so it might as well let another American come in and act as their competitor.

For Nicholas II, who wanted to get rid of the influence of the HRE, he was just worried that the Americans were useless and could not compete with the HRE even if the market was opened.

Joint expansion in the Far East is not a condition at all. As the Russian Empire expanded in the Far East, it needed allies to share the pressure.

As for dominating the Far East and completing the Yellow Russia plan, that is a matter of the future and will not affect the current cooperation between the United States and Russia at all.

It can be said that the Americans' demands, except for the railway franchise, are a bit embarrassing, but other conditions are within everyone's bottom line.

Prime Minister Sergei Witte: "It is a good thing that Americans are willing to help build the Siberian Railway, but it should not be now. The empire's strength is not unlimited. The French rebellion needs to be suppressed by the empire, and the Central Asian Railway is in progress. Half, we really don't have the ability to start another big project.

Judging from the current construction progress, if the later projects go smoothly, the Central Asia Railway will be opened to traffic in 1899, and no later than 1900. Ministry of Foreign Affairs We can talk to the United States and postpone the construction of the Siberian Railway to three years later, so that we can deal with it calmly."

Even if the Americans were willing to help, the tsarist government would still have to pay for the construction of the Siberian Railway, and it would have to bear a large share.

Including the Central Asian Railway which is under construction, it seems that the Vienna government is assisting in the construction, but the labor and raw materials are still provided by the Tsarist government.

In an era when mechanical equipment was scarce, almost all processes were completed manually. Labor and raw materials account for more than 80% of railway construction costs.

As for the demolition and demolition problems that will be faced by future railway construction, they simply do not exist now. Including taxes on all aspects, they are now all zero.

On the surface, it seems that the tsarist government did not contribute much money, but it hurt the national strength! Free labor is not unlimited. Once the recruitment is exceeded, big trouble will happen.

Foreign Minister Mikhailovich shook his head: "I'm afraid this won't work. The American steel giant is leading the construction of the Siberian Railway.

Their main purpose in promoting this plan is to clear their own inventory. If the time is delayed by three years , their losses will be huge.

What's more, the U.S. government will change in two years. If the project is not finalized as soon as possible and a new government comes to power..."

Unlike surplus agricultural products, which can only be scrapped, surplus steel is still Can be backlogged. But this backlog time is also limited, and the longer the backlog time, the higher the cost.

Capitalists are the most realistic. Once it involves harming their own interests, nothing is in vain.

If it is difficult for the capitalists to handle it, it will be even harder for the US government to handle it. That's all if he can be re-elected. If the government changes, there is no hope of policy continuity.

This government is pro-Russian, and the next government may be anti-Russian. Americans change their political stance as quickly as a woman changes her clothes.

Nicholas II's indecisive character was exposed, and he could not make up his mind. He now wants to build the Siberian Railway, but he is also worried that the railway will consume too much national power and cannot support it.

...

The scorching sun is scorching the earth, and Franz is currently taking a summer vacation in the Alps Mountains, with a small mountain pool. It has the charm of "the spring is silent and cherishes the trickle, and the shade of the tree shines on the water and loves the clearness and softness".

Since having his son as a young man, Franz has been freed from the tedious government affairs and has lived a wonderful life of traveling around the mountains and rivers.

People like to do things when they have free time. If it weren't for the pain of traveling in today's transportation, Franz might have begun to fulfill his dream of traveling around the world in his previous life.

It is definitely a pleasure to think about being accompanied by beauties along the way, being able to indulge in luxury and experience exotic customs.

It's a pity that I didn't have money in my last life and couldn't take action; now that I have money, I don't have the conditions to travel around the world.

If you can't travel around the world, then travel around Shinra. If you go to a remote place and suffer, then just enjoy it in a prosperous comfort zone.

Anyway, at his current age, Franz doesn't have to worry about wasting his will and corrupting himself.

I ran out to play willfully, which was very painful for Frederick. Although he has been involved in government affairs for many years, now that he has suddenly become a decision-maker, he still feels tired.

There was no way around it. Any decision now involved huge interests, so he couldn't help but be careless.

As the crown prince, Frederick did not have the same prestige as Franz. Before making a decision, it is essential to coordinate the relationship between all parties.

Fortunately, the Vienna government bureaucrats have been trained by Franz in recent years, and no one dares to stab the crown prince. Otherwise, Frederick's life would have been even more difficult.

...

Prime Minister Karl: "Your Highness, last night the Russian troops stationed in France sent a request for assistance to the Allied Forces Command, hoping that the commander could solve the logistical problems for them."

With the seemingly unremarkable report, Frederick knew that trouble was coming again. .

The Vienna government has controlled the Allied Forces Command for a long time. Naturally, no one would have any objections during the European War. After the war, the situation was completely different.

No one wants to have a mother-in-law looking over their head, and the countries of the Anti-French Alliance are no exception. In view of this situation, the Vienna government, which pays attention to food and appearance, naturally did not insist on it.

Soon the Allied Forces Command was reduced from the alliance's highest military command to a liaison and coordination agency.

Except for standing up to enhance their presence when political needs arise, most of the time they do not interfere with specific military commands.

No matter how the real power changes, the Allied Forces Command is still the highest military command organization of the Anti-French Alliance.

Now that the Russians are asking for help, the Allied Command, as the nominal highest command organization, cannot sit idly by.

Perhaps in the eyes of the outside world, the Russians came to the door at this time, providing the Vienna government with an opportunity to re-intervene in the command of the troops stationed in France.

However, Frederick would rather not take this opportunity. Intervening in the command of the armies of various countries stationed in France seems to be of great benefit, but in fact it is of no use to Shinra.

France is like this now, and there is no way it can extract any oil. If you go too deep into the military command stationed in France, what else can you do besides taking the blame and stirring up hatred?
You can't use this as an opportunity to interfere in the internal military and political power of various countries, right?
Even if it is implemented, if there is even the slightest sign, Shinra will be criticized by the public.

Similar tragic cases were experienced personally by the ancestors of the Habsburg Dynasty. When he was young, he was full of enthusiasm and shouted a few unified slogans casually. After he succeeded to the throne, he was targeted by the princes in various ways.

The current situation is similar. European countries are willing to recognize Shinra as the overlord. In addition to their own strength, the most important thing is that Franz does not like to make troubles.

It's rare to encounter a boss who doesn't cause trouble, so everyone will naturally flatter him. Flattery from others is flattery, but you still have to be self-aware.

If it really happened, Napoleon would be a role model. In a one-on-one challenge across Europe, even if we win on the battlefield, we will lose politically.

In this context, the Russian troops stationed in France's request for help telegram was a hot potato. Once it is not handled properly, it will cause great trouble to the Vienna government.

It is not that the Vienna government has never encountered similar things. It's just that Franz was handling it before, and Frederick was just a bystander. Now that I have encountered it, I still have a bit of a headache.

After a moment of silence, Frederick asked: "What suggestions does the Prime Minister have?"

"Now we have two choices, either to allocate part of the supplies to the Russian army on the front line and take the opportunity to take command of the Russian army, but we must grasp it well. The degree of intervention should not be overly involved.

Either send a diplomatic note to the Tsarist government and urge them to provide supplies to the front line as soon as possible. However, in this case, the effectiveness of the Allied Forces Command will be abolished, and it will no longer have the ability in the future..."

Philip Telie sighed secretly. The two choices given by Prime Minister Karl were actually one choice.

By issuing a note to the Tsarist government in the name of the Anti-French Alliance, urging the Russians to provide supplies to the frontline troops, isn't it also interfering in Russia's internal affairs?
What's more, it also has to match the majesty of the Allied Command. It's obviously better to do less of this thankless thing.

Providing logistical supplies to the Russian army is also not a good job. It seemed that he had gained command of the Russian troops stationed in France, but it also worsened the relationship between the two countries.

It can be said that no matter what choice the Vienna government makes now, it will ultimately affect Russian-Austrian relations. A bad operation may affect Shinra's international image.

However, it is impossible not to choose. Since the Prime Minister has brought it up, it is obviously the result of careful consideration. Maybe there is a better way to deal with it, but no one has thought of it yet.

After pondering for a while, Frederick nodded: "The most important thing on the battlefield is efficiency. The Russians are busy now, and it will definitely be too late for them to deal with it themselves.

For the sake of the overall situation, we will suffer a little loss. First provide logistical supplies to the Russian troops on the front line. When the situation in France stabilizes, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will communicate with the Tsarist government."

His other abilities are uncertain, but with his ability to tell lies with his eyes open, Frederick has moved closer to Franz .

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1052: French Crisis

The world is always full of coincidences. Nicholas II, who was originally hesitant to start the Siberian Railway, made a decisive decision after learning about the changes that occurred on the front line - repair it.

Obviously, when the frontline troops encountered logistical problems, they did not turn to him, the Czar, to respond to the problem. Instead, they sought help from the Allied Forces Command controlled by Shinra, which deeply irritated Nicholas II.

In order to get rid of the influence of HRE, Nicholas II no longer bothered to delve into the true purpose of the Americans.

The railway will not run away. As long as the Siberian Railway is completed, no matter what the Americans have planned, the initiative will be in the hands of the tsarist government.

Any "conspiracy" is worthless in the face of absolute strength. Apart from Britain and Austria, there is no third country in the world that the tsarist government is afraid of.

The Siberian Railway was launched, but the Vienna government had not yet responded. Carlos, who was in exile, could not sit still.

There is no way, the Russians have done an incredible job. In order to save people's manpower and win over people's support, Nicholas II decided that all the labor needed for the Siberian Railway would be recruited from France.

Anyone with any sense knows what a hellish place Siberia is.

With Mao Xiong's consistent style, it doesn't take much to think about it, but the labor logistics are definitely not guaranteed. If French workers really went to Siberia to build a railway, they would definitely have a narrow escape.

Since the outbreak of the European War, France's young labor force has declined significantly. The number of soldiers killed in the European War alone exceeded that of the First World War in the original time and space.

Add to this the losses incurred in the civil war, the loss of population, and the loss of labor due to disability. In just six years, the number of young men in France has dropped by at least three million.

On the surface, three million doesn't seem like a particularly large number. But don't forget that at its peak, France had a total population of just over 30 million.

Based on the calculation that young and middle-aged people account for 40%, the total young and middle-aged labor force in the country is only 12 to 3 million. After dividing the number of men and women by two, the total population of young and strong men are just over six million.

It is self-evident what it means to a country when the number of young men is reduced by half.

In the original time and space, France had more than one million killed and hundreds of thousands disabled in World War I. It did not recover until the outbreak of World War II, let alone think about it now.

You must know that although the French army suffered heavy casualties in the original time and space, the total population did not drop much. Now the total population of France has dropped by one-third.

At this point, all the talk about lying on the job and taking revenge is all nonsense. If the Russians continue to cause such trouble, the Ottoman Empire will learn from the past.

No matter what others think, Carlos is really scared anyway.

After going through so much, Carlos has understood that those who really want to suppress France are not the Russians on the surface, but the Vienna government behind the scenes.

Even if the resistance coalition defeated the Russians, it would be useless. The anti-French alliance could completely start another anti-French war. Since the intervention of the Allied Forces Command, this war has begun to undergo qualitative changes.

According to the current situation, no matter how this anti-Russian war ends, France is the biggest loser.

Just look at the destructive power of the Russian army and you will know that even if they are completely wiped out, France will still suffer a loss.

It's just that it's easy to start a plan but hard to terminate it. Neither the Russians nor the resistance organizations scattered across the country will stop because of his words.

...

Seeing the return of the Foreign Minister, Carlos hurriedly asked: "What do the Austrians say? What conditions are required before they are willing to intervene in the atrocities of the Russian army's forced recruitment of young men?"

In any case, with the Vienna government, which follows rules, It is better to negotiate than to negotiate with the unruly tsarist government.

The Vienna government also needs to pay attention to their appearance. The Russians don't have so many scruples. As long as there are benefits, it is enough.

There is no doubt that recruiting labor from France to build the Siberian Railway can reduce civilian pressure and is beneficial to the Russian Empire.

Against this background, no matter how much they protested against the tsarist government, it was all in vain.

Foreign Minister Pietro replied bitterly: "It's a pity, Your Majesty. The Vienna government behaved very indifferently and did not give us a chance for in-depth communication.

Although Weisenberg verbally promised to condemn the Russian military conquest The behavior of a strong man, but this kind of condemnation has no meaning.

It can be seen that the Austrians have acquiesced in the atrocities committed by the Russian army and have no intention of interfering at all."

There is no betrayal, and the grudges between HRE and France can be traced back to thousands of years. The former Frankish Empire. For the hegemony of the European continent, the two countries have been fighting from the Middle Ages to the present.

The Vienna government had many reasons to suppress France, but could not find any reason to support France.

The final result is: they want the Vienna government to conduct interest transactions, but they can't even get a chance to negotiate.

Carlos sighed: "The Russians have already started taking action, France is crying, and the people can no longer hold on.

If we cannot persuade the Vienna government to intervene, then we will have to fight the Russian army in advance. In any case, We cannot allow the Russians to take our people away."

Unlike the previous deportations, this time the Russians forcibly conscripted their young men, which was simply cutting off the roots of France. If you don't fight back at this time, you will have no chance to fight back in the future.

If the Russians are allowed to take away another 1.8 million young men, France will enter a countdown to its demise.

If the opportunity really arises, the countries of the Anti-French Alliance will not mind dividing France again.

...

Potential is forced out. In the face of the threat of life and death, the French also burst out with amazing potential.

Since the news of the Russians' forced recruitment of young men spread, the overwhelmed French people have joined the resistance organizations one after another, and the French resistance movement has been pushed to a climax.

The people at home are resisting desperately, and the overseas Chinese are also not idle. While generously donating money and materials, they are also launching a public opinion offensive.

Governments have not responded yet, but public opinion has already exploded. With the efforts of the French, the atrocities committed by the Russian army spread throughout the European continent.

Even Frederick at the Vienna Palace felt the pressure. Although people in various European countries are not interested in France, it does not mean that everyone can tolerate the Russian army's wanton behavior.

After thousands of years of division, the European world has never lacked "crisis awareness." Especially people in small countries perform particularly well.

As soon as the sentiment of "the rabbit dies and the fox is sad" emerged, public opinion began to sympathize with the French people's experience, and even the HRE voiced its opposition to the atrocities of the Russian army.

Looking at the newspaper in his hand, Frederick rubbed his forehead. Although the Vienna government has a press control act, this kind of solid international news is not restricted.

The only thing to blame is that the Russian army failed to live up to its expectations and did not even know how to keep it secret, making the matter known to everyone.

In the past, they were robbing and killing people, and they were secretly filmed in short movies; now they are recruiting young men, and the news is all over the place.

Being scolded is entirely self-inflicted. If he were not restricted by his identity and position, Frederick would have wanted to write an article himself and publicly criticize the atrocities of the Russian army.

Although Shinra has enmity with France, it is mostly a matter of history. As a victor, except for the people in the Principality of Luxembourg and the Rhineland in the west, others did not feel too deeply.

It is human nature to sympathize with the weak, especially when the Russians continue to act like monsters, the ordinary people's dissatisfaction with the tsarist government becomes even more intense.

As time goes by, more and more media outlets join the ranks of criticizing the atrocities committed by the Russian army. Every day, celebrities write letters to the government, hoping that the Vienna government can fulfill its responsibilities as a major power and intervene in the inhumane behavior of the Russian army.

"Your Highness, King Carlos is here again."

The attendant's voice sounded, bringing Frederick back to reality from his meditation.

Recently, Carlos seems to be clocking in and running to the palace every day. At first, Frederick gave him a decent reception, but later he got really annoyed and just treated him symbolically.

Normal people would get annoyed if they talk about the same thing every time. However, Carlos didn't seem to know it and ran to the Vienna Palace without giving up.

Well, this was also forced out. As the King of France, Carlos had to do something when the country was suffering.

If no practical and effective measures can be found, then it can only be a show. Regardless of the actual effect, Carlos's perseverance has been widely recognized.

Although he was forced into exile, the European media generally spoke highly of Carlos.

It became a raft for others to build their reputation. Franz's reputation had already reached its peak, so naturally he could not care about such trivial matters; the same could not be said for Frederick. As the crown prince, he also needed to build his reputation.

Everyone wants to be the protagonist, no one wants to be a supporting character in the story. If he hadn't been concerned about the bad influence, Frederick would have ordered Carlos to be expelled.

Frowning, Frederick said helplessly: "Invite him over!"

In any case, he is also a king, and the due etiquette is still indispensable. As an old antique in the world of European monarchs, Franz avoided seeing anyone and no one would say anything. If Frederick followed suit, he would be criticized by the aristocratic circle.

...

Looking at the impatient Frederick, Carlos took the lead and said: "Your Highness, the atrocities committed by the Russian army in France are a blatant violation of the Treaty of Vienna. This is intolerable in the civilized world.

As a civilized world The leader of the European world, the Holy Roman Empire should shoulder the responsibility of a great power and stop the Russians..."

Before he could finish speaking, Frederick rolled his eyes: "Your Majesty, we have discussed these issues many times. Let me reiterate once again: The Holy Roman Empire has no intention of seeking hegemony, and it has no obligations to your country.

As for the atrocities committed by the Russian army, I suggest that your Majesty should talk to the Tsarist government. This is a matter between your two countries. I believe you can Take care of it."

If he foolishly intervened in the Russian actions just for a few words of flattery, Frederick would really be a fool.

From the standpoint of the Vienna government, the best option is to let France and Russia fight. The more casualties there are between the two countries, the more stable HRE's dominance will be.

If the Russians could really destroy France, Frederick would not mind reimbursing the Tsarist government for its military expenses, and even giving him an extra bonus.

Just give France a hand and think about it. Once hatred has been planted, it cannot be eliminated in a short time.

Long before the Russian troops were stationed in Paris, the Vienna government had made a plan: to use the hands of the Russians to attack the French resistance forces and kill their desire for revenge.

Judging from the current situation, the Russians have completed the task beyond their level. Although hatred still exists, the target of hatred has changed.

The French, who originally wanted to revive and seek revenge from the anti-French alliance, have now lowered their goal to: expel the Russians.

This was a good start, and as long as this situation lasted for a few years, the French people would only remember one enemy: the Russian Empire.

Carlos tried hard and said: "But Your Highness, tens of thousands of French people are living in dire straits now. Why don't you want to do something for them?"

After getting up and looking out the window, Frederick replied coldly. Said: "I don't want to!"

"Everyone has to pay the price for the choices he makes. From the time France launched the war of aggression, the fate of all this has been doomed.

When the snowy mountains collapse, not a single snowflake is innocent. Now the people of your country are , just paying for their previous behavior.

What the Russian army did was something your country also did to other countries back then. Italian countries, Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Rhineland region were not spared from the disaster.

You can't do it when you're doing it to others, but now it's your turn to be unlucky, and you can't do it? "

"Mockery", "mockery" without any disguise. Obviously, Frederick has reached the extreme level of impatience and has no intention of beating around the bush. As for saying this, whether Carlos can accept it is not within his scope of consideration. Guilty. Anyway, Frederick only had one idea now, and that was to send Carlos away as soon as possible to avoid causing trouble to himself.

The method was indeed a little clumsy, but the effect was very obvious. Carlos was so angry that his face was blue It was purple and purple, as if it might explode at any time.

However, Carlos, who grew up from setbacks, quickly realized the problem and quickly calmed down his emotions.

"Your Highness, you are too paranoid. It was the Napoleonic government that initiated the war, and the driving forces behind the scenes were the capitalists. Ordinary people had no choice at all.

They were tricked into getting on the chariot. Like Belgium, Sardinia and other countries, we are all victims of the war.

Now..."

Frederick, who had no intention of participating in the argument, immediately interrupted: "Your Majesty, it is meaningless for you and me to argue here.

Unless you can convince the HRE people in Luxembourg and the Rhineland to give up their hatred for you, it will be impossible for us to support your country.

Instead of wasting time here, you might as well think about how to deal with the aftermath. "

...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 1053: Off-track plan.

Apart from calling on both parties to exercise restraint, the Vienna government took no real action at all and assumed a posture that had nothing to do with me. The condemnations from European countries also remained verbal.

After all, there are not many countries that dare to tease the Russians these days.

It's okay to let everyone shout slogans, but if you really want to interfere, just save it! This kind of fearless international spirit cannot be tolerated by ordinary countries.

London had just succeeded in the first step of the "Plan to Divert Disaster Eastward", but the British government, which was so elated, had not had time to rejoice for a few days when it received the bad news that the Russian army was plundering France.

Yes, Prime Minister Robert Cecil was furious. If the Russians continue to struggle like this, France, which has only half a life left, will really die.

If he hadn't still had his sanity, Robert Cecil would have ordered the Royal Navy to block the Baltic Sea and intercept the Russian fleet escorting French laborers.

The main reason is that blocking the door has no effect. Even if the Baltic Sea is blocked, the Russians can still use the Mediterranean, or simply borrow the HRE's railway transportation system.

For the sake of the overall situation, Robert Cecil had to choose restraint. After all, at this time, the contradiction between Britain and Russia has intensified, and the strategy of diverting trouble from the east is no longer possible.

The current international situation is very obvious. Once the Holy Roman Empire turns its attention from the continent to the ocean, Britain's biggest challenge will come.

If we don't kill the Russians first, Britain will really be in trouble.

Fighting with HRE on the sea, and competing with the Russians for India on land, just think about it and you will know how terrifying the scene is.

However, no matter how much he restrained himself, it was impossible to extinguish the anger in Robert Cecil's heart. Without the French, who else could Britain turn to as cannon fodder?

Russian?

If you look at the Russian-Austrian alliance, you will know that the previous presidents spent decades trying to break it up. Robert Cecil did not think he could make the two countries meet at war.

If HRE and British bayonets were to see red, the possibility of the Tsarist government taking the opportunity to go south to India would be a hundred times greater than the chance of going west to Europe.

Spanish?

It's not that Robert Cecil looks down on people, it's just that the salt-and-pepper empire these days is just a salt-and-pepper empire no matter how you look at it. The empire has flown to who knows where.

Without Imperial Salted Duck, it would be just a dish on the table. Even if he is pulled over, it will only give the enemy extra food.

Neither of these two companies can do it. You can't go to Sardinia, Belgium, Switzerland... these small bean countries, right?

As a qualified politician, Robert Cecil was no illusionist. "With a raised voice, heroes gather together." That is a novel. It has appeal that Britain at its peak did not have, let alone think about it now.

Just using the words "geopolitics" has determined that these small and small countries on the European continent will not be able to stand up and confront the HRE; instead, they may be coerced by the HRE and declare war on Britain.

A similar scene occurred in the previous anti-French war. In order to win over people to make up the numbers, the Vienna government used coercion and inducements.

The only three neutral countries escaped because they did not border France and could not affect the overall situation.

The current Holy Roman Empire and the "New HRE" of that year are no longer the same. The Vienna government will be able to recruit a bunch of young men to attack France in the evening, let alone now.

As long as the European continent is not in chaos, the Holy Roman Empire will be able to gather resources from Asia, Europe and Africa. Faced with such an opponent, even though Britain is sitting all over the world, it doesn't know how to start.

Today is different from the past. In the past, the national policy of the British government was to suppress whoever is a threat and suppress everything that poses a threat; now Robert Cecil's goal has dropped to: just stabilize the situation.

The competitors are unprecedentedly powerful. It would be great to be able to maintain Britain's maritime supremacy. Robert Cecil no longer dares to ask for more.

"The Russians are so wanton and wanton, and the Vienna government, as the European military police, just ignore it?"

Although the title "European military police" is domineering, it is not a good word when applied to the Vienna government.

During the Congress of Vienna in 1815, Metternich controlled the pace of the meeting through diplomatic means, limiting the Russians to Eastern Europe and squeezing Britain out of the continent.

Immediately afterwards, it attracted various countries to form the Holy Alliance, and tried its best to maintain the monarchy system and the balance of the European continent. Austria once won the title of "European Gendarmerie".

However, the highlight moment only lasts a moment. In the years that followed, Austria, as an old-school empire, went into decline.

The weak Austria could not afford to be killed with a stick. In order to avoid being criticized by the public, the Vienna government could only divert the misfortune to the east and refer this domineering title of hatred to the Russians.

The Vienna government did not dare to ask for it, but the Tsarist government liked it very much. Since 1848, the Russian Empire has had the reputation of the "European Gendarmerie".

Putting the label of "European Gendarmerie" on the Vienna government again is nothing more than hoping that the Vienna government will follow in the footsteps of the past and the country's power has been declining.

Foreign Secretary Cameron: "It's a pity, Prime Minister. Although we have worked hard to build momentum, and even King Carlos went to the Vienna Palace every day to block the door, the Vienna government is unmoved. It can be seen that the Vienna government is determined to suppress France. , has reached a point where they cannot be shaken. Even if it involves international prestige, they cannot be shaken at all.

Judging from the current signs, the Russians are likely to have reached a political deal with the Vienna government, and France has become the A victim of the deal.

The Tsarist government used its initiative to suppress France as a bargaining chip in exchange for Vienna's understanding of their construction of the Siberian Railway, and by the way, it also solved the problem of labor needed for the railway.

The most direct evidence is that the logistical supplies for the Russian troops stationed in France are now provided by the Vienna government.

If the inference is correct, then while we pay attention to the Holy Roman Empire, we must also pay more attention to the tsarist government.

This was a mistake in our previous work. We underestimated the cunningness of the Russians, which allowed them to take advantage. "

For Britain, the process of collusion between Russia and Austria is not important. The key lies in the final result. The Vienna government is indeed supporting the Russian actions.

Other things can be deceptive, but the Vienna government provides supplies to the Russian army. Facts cannot be deceived.

After calming down, Robert Cecil waved his hand and said: "This is not your responsibility. We all underestimated the Tsarist government.

No one thought that the damn Russians would be so vicious when it came to playing politics.

If they had had this ability before, the situation in Europe would never be what it is now. "

Diplomacy has always been a shortcoming of the Russians. Being able to use the knife but not being unreasonable is the inherent impression left by the tsarist government on the European world.

Even Alexander III, who is known as the "Tsar who knows the most about diplomacy", actually only relaxed his relationship with European countries. The relationship allowed the Russian Empire to be accepted by the European world.

The biggest diplomatic achievement was probably the further consolidation of the Russian-Austrian alliance. The economic ties between Russia and the HRE were tighter, and the threat from the Western Front was completely eliminated.

Without bragging, this is indeed a great diplomatic achievement. The interests of Russia and HRE are intertwined through economic ties. The current situation is that if one company is finished, the other will suffer as well.

Other European countries Everyone was worried about the threat posed by the rise of the Holy Roman Empire, but the Tsarist government could completely ignore it.

The interests of the two countries were too deeply involved. If the Holy Roman Empire wanted to go to war with the Russian Empire, the first blow would have to be on itself. .

No normal person would like "self-inflicted harm". Before the economic separation of the two countries, the tsarist government does not need to worry about the threat from Europe, and can confidently and boldly move south or eastward. At this point, in addition to self-comfort , the British government can really not do much. Unless they can give up their conspiracy against the Russian Empire and terminate the Siberian Railway construction plan.

Obviously, this is impossible. Although the Holy Roman Empire is the biggest threat to Britain, the Russian Empire is Britain The most direct threat to mankind.

This is not a contradiction. Although the Holy Roman Empire is powerful, there is still a long way to go for the navy to surpass the Royal Navy.

Even if it does surpass it, it does not mean that the two countries will go to war immediately.

As long as If the British government doesn't take the lead, then Shinra is more likely to slowly pull Britain down through long-term confrontation and consumption.

The kind of person who just has a slight advantage and immediately runs out to play a gambling-style decisive battle can only be done by a middle school boy. It can be concluded that a mature country will not blindly gamble on its national destiny.

Compared with the long-term threat to the Holy Roman Empire, the Russians are the immediate threat. It is only three or four years before the Central Asian Railway is opened.

According to the Russian Empire, every It is a principle that when a tsar succeeds to the throne, he must launch a foreign war. You don't need to think about Robert Cecil to know where the Russians are targeting. Having a perverted enemy like Shinra is enough for them. Robert Cecil really doesn't have it. I have the energy to have a friendly match with the Russians in India.

A dead friend is not a poor friend. For the sake of one's own safety, it can only divert trouble to the east. Regardless of whether it can trick the Russians to death in the Far East, the London government must try.

Finance Minister Pavel: The plan to use the Siberian Railway to consume the Russians' national power has now failed one-third, so the remaining two-thirds will no longer be allowed to fail.

In any case, the Russians must first start the Siberian Railway project. French labor could only reduce the tsarist government's investment in manpower, but financial and material investment were still indispensable.

With the railway project dragging them down, at least for the next few years, the Russians will not be able to go south and compete with us for India.

At the same time, we must also increase our support for anti-Russian groups such as the French Resistance, the Polish Revolutionary Party, the Bulgarian Independence Organization, the Russian Revolutionary Party, and the Afghan guerrillas.

Regardless of whether they succeed in the end, as long as something happens, the Russians' strength will be consumed.

As long as the Siberian Railway is opened to traffic, the Russians will have a second strategic option, and the situation will be completely different. "

The reality is cruel. Since France is destined to be irrecoverable, it is better to give up. Anyway, it is not the first time to sell teammates, not to mention that the seller is still a Frenchman.

(Note: The British Chancellor of the Exchequer has the First Minister and The second minister is divided into two: the prime minister concurrently serves as the first minister of finance, and the second minister of finance is the minister of finance who actually performs his duties)

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 1054 Gains and Losses

The wheels of human civilization are rolling forward, and the trend of the times is mighty. With the advancement of science and technology, the footsteps of the great era are getting closer and closer to the world.

Maybe they were tired from fighting, or maybe God was tired of watching war movies every day, but the world suddenly became quiet in 1897.

Except for France, where the war is still raging, Cuba, the Philippines, and Morocco have all become quiet. The exhausted Kingdom of Spain was finally able to stop and take a breath.

It's just that this kind of peace is not all fought on the battlefield, but more often the result of compromise by all parties.

No matter how the Spanish Kingdom declined, it could not be compared to a few indigenous tribes. After a long and fierce battle, the rebels finally couldn't hold it any longer.

As the victor, the Kingdom of Spain also felt uncomfortable. The Spanish government, which suffered heavy casualties and was heavily in debt, was no longer able to continue to encircle and suppress the rebels who abandoned the city and retreated into the jungle.

Since we can no longer fight, we can only sit down and negotiate. Relying on compromise treaties one after another, the Kingdom of Spain finally put down the colonial rebellion.

Obviously, this is not the end. Now that hatred has been forged, it is not so easy to eliminate.

The compromise is only a temporary truce, and we don't know when the war will reignite in the future.

It's just that the struggling Spanish government now has no time to care about the future. The war was over and their troubles had just begun.

Not to mention how to repay the huge debt; the French mercenaries in his hands are a hot potato.

According to the contract, the war is over and these mercenaries should be "repatriated". But now that the French and Russians are at war, who should the Spanish government hand over to this "elite force"?

It will definitely not work if we leave it to the resistance organization. If they really do that, the Russians will definitely go crazy, and the entire anti-French alliance will have problems with Spain.

The Spanish government cannot do this kind of thing that harms others and harms itself, and brings trouble to itself.

Theoretically, the Russian Empire and Spain were both members of the anti-French alliance, and there was nothing wrong with handing over this mercenary force to the Russians.

The problem is that what the tsarist government did was indeed unreasonable. If they really handed over these mercenaries to the Russians, they would be pushed into a pit of fire.

Although the Russians have also formed French cannon fodder troops in France, the Russians certainly cannot trust such organized former French troops.

It is the same for any ruler. The elite troops that cannot be controlled can only be destroyed.

With Mao Xiong's style, he would definitely not stop doing anything and directly send these mercenaries back home to build the Siberian Railway.

In any case, the French mercenaries have also made great achievements for the Kingdom of Spain, so they were betrayed like this, and the Spanish government still couldn't do it.

Since it's not appropriate to send it back, we can only keep it for now. The problem is that the Spanish government is not rich either. The war is over. It is really a waste to maintain more than 200,000 mercenaries.

...Prime Minister Antonio of Madrid asked with concern: "How many people have we won over?"

Spending money to support mercenaries for a long time is a waste, but spending money to support your own army is different.

After seeing the combat effectiveness of the French mercenaries, Antonio found that his own army was indeed incapable of taking action.

It's not that the Spaniards are bad at fighting, it's mainly that the army, like the country, is decayed.

Reform can never be completed overnight. Before the military reform is completed, the Spanish government still needs a force that can support its appearance.

It is not necessary to reach the top level in the world, but at least be able to defeat colonial rebels and maintain the stability of the colonial empire.

Now this mercenary from France can just meet the requirements.

If it was during the period when France was powerful, Antonio would never dare to have this idea. Things are different now. France, which has been fighting for years, is obviously a plucked phoenix.

Except for the fact that the army is slightly better at fighting, everything else is not as good as Spain, including the population.

Although France's current total population is slightly larger, its young labor force is smaller. If the current situation continues, the total population will be surpassed by Spain in a few years.

The balance of strength has changed, and so has the courage. Without the risk of being occupied by a dove, Antonio was ready to poach France.

Colonial Secretary Taboada: "The progress is very good. The French have long been tired of the continuous war.

After we set out the conditions, about one-fifth of the mercenaries are willing to immigrate with their families. In addition, there are Nearly one-third said they would consider it carefully."

"Bored" is naturally attributed to the Spanish government's propaganda. Not all mercenaries like war, not to mention that even if they don't think about themselves, they still have to think about their families.

Only after experiencing war do we know the value of peace. The six-year war has long made the French people tired, but they have no right to declare an end.

In order to escape the scourge of war, a large number of French people immigrate overseas with their families every year. Those with money bought boat tickets and left, while those without money fled as refugees.

With the Russians responsible for spreading hatred at the front, the hatred in the European War is not worth mentioning at all. All countries bordering France, including Spain, accept no fewer refugees.

It was precisely because of accepting refugees that the Spanish government had the idea of keeping mercenaries. The whole family came here together, not afraid that these guys would be disobedient.

I dare not say that there are too many, but the Spanish government still dares to accept hundreds of thousands of immigrants. Anyway, France has been fighting for years, and there are many boys and girls in France, so it is easy to digest.

Prime Minister Antonio nodded with satisfaction: "It's very good. With these seeds here, we can combine several main legions. The subsequent work will be left to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Negotiate with various countries as soon as possible to get the families of these people." Come back.

As for the French who don't want to immigrate, don't force them. If they want to go back, just go back. But after sending them back to France, we will no longer be responsible for their safety. Sure enough, the Spanish government's integrity is not that high. Where to go. If you don't want to hand over mercenaries to the Russians, you just want to poach them. Once it is found that it cannot be used, it is equally unambiguous to buy it.

Antonio is not afraid of spreading the news and damaging his international image. The French mercenaries did make great contributions, but the Spanish government did not pay them.

It was just a simple labor contract in the first place, and everything was settled once the money and goods were settled.

As long as the person is not delivered to the Russians in person, it cannot be considered a betrayal. As for what happened after being sent back to France, that has nothing to do with them.

Foreign Minister Junior: "Your Excellency Prime Minister, maybe we can hand over this mercenary to the Carlos government. Although they are now in exile, they are still the only legal government in France.

Our previous employment contract was also with the Carlos government. It was signed by the Los Angeles government, and returning the people to them now is a reflection of the spirit of our abiding by the contract." It 's not that Junior is soft-hearted, it's mainly because he just poached a corner, and the emotions of new immigrants always need to be taken care of.

It is necessary to appease people's hearts without offending the Russians to death. Leaving the trouble to the Carlos government became the best option.

As for how the Carlos government in exile should clean up the mess, it has nothing to do with Spain.

Anyway, King Carlos left on his own, and the Russians did not expel him. He could return to the country at any time as long as he wanted.

It doesn't hurt to bring an army back home. After all, he is the legitimate king of France, and Spain has no reason to stop him.

...

The Russian army fought hard in France, and it was not without value.

The Siberian Railway has been launched, and the Russian workers on the Central Asian Railway have been replaced by French workers. The Russian people are shouting "The Tsar is wise".

This is true. After all, there is no need to do hard work himself. The tsar must be wise. As for the life and death of the French, what does it have to do with them?

However, the "wise" Nicholas II was not happy at the moment. Although the troops on the front line had lost face by asking for help from the Allied Command a few months ago, they were also their own troops.

Besides, face is not lost in vain. At least the logistics of the frontline troops no longer need to be paid for by the tsarist government. It was of great significance to the tsarist government, which was not wealthy.

As time went by, the number of casualties of the Russian army continued to expand, making Nicholas II feel his scalp numb.

However, the French resistance continued unabated. According to frontline officers, every Frenchman in sight, regardless of age or sex, is likely to be a member of the guerrillas.

The more enemies you fight, the more enemies you encounter, and everyone who encounters them will feel numb. If it weren't for the military expenditures being footed by someone else, the tsarist government would have been forced to back down.

Of course, the fact that he is still persisting now has nothing to do with Nicholas II being the new tsar. As the first war after taking the throne, it would be very damaging to one's reputation if he could not win it beautifully.

Compared with the tsar's reputation as a monarch, the lives of gray animals are nothing. On this issue, the position of the top brass of the tsarist government was very unified.

Throwing away the telegram in his hand, Nicholas II complained dissatisfiedly: "We need reinforcements again. I really don't know what those idiots on the front line are doing for food!"

If there are casualties, they must be supplemented. The heavier the casualties of the Russian troops on the front line, the heavier the casualties. The more supplementary troops will be provided from the rear.

Unlike the supply chain, when it comes to the replenishment of soldiers, the tsarist government's bureaucrats rarely discount.

Especially after the frontline asked the Allied Command for help, no one dared to make trouble on this issue. After all, no one can guarantee that the tough guys on the front line won't expose the matter.

This was the first war after the Tsar took the throne. If the Tsar thought it was against him, it would be the end of the world.

Political struggle is a struggle, but there must be a bottom line. Taboos that cannot be touched must not be touched, otherwise the official will be killed.

On this issue, Alexander II used thousands of heads to teach the Russian bureaucrats a lesson that still scares everyone to this day.

Although Alexander III was not that tough, he also dealt with many shortsighted people.

The current Tsar Nicholas II, although his methods are a bit poor, his ideals in life are great. On many occasions, he has publicly expressed his desire to imitate his great-grandfather, grandfather, and father.

We are not afraid to learn from Alexander III, but if we learn from the two previous ruthless men who were decisive and decisive, it will cost lives.

Especially after the "Heden Massacre" broke out, everyone clearly felt that the Tsar's murderous intent was a little stronger.

Just look at what happened to those bureaucrats who had embezzled frontline supplies. Not only were their homes confiscated, but they are now digging potatoes in Siberia.

It is said that each person has to dig out a truckload of potatoes and bring them back in order to be able to wash away the sins they have committed.

The Siberian Railway has just begun and is still far from being opened to traffic. Obviously, most of these unlucky people will not be able to come back.

Faced with the angry Tsar, no one wanted to go up and scold him. Others can pretend not to hear, but Sergey Vitte, as Prime Minister, cannot hide.

"Your Majesty, this cannot be entirely blamed on the frontline officers. They have tried their best.

In the past six months, the frontline troops have sent half a million workers to the country, and this number is still gradually increasing.

Behind the French resistance organization, there is support from the British, so it is normal for it to take a little longer. "

It's really not that Sergei Witte is excusing the frontline troops. The French resistance originally intensified because they were forced out by the tsarist government's "forced recruitment".

If they had not been forced to do nothing, the French would not have resisted so fiercely. After all, everyone is afraid of death, and those who are truly unafraid of sacrifice will always be a minority.

Although politicians generally have low integrity, there are still skills in blaming others. If you throw blame randomly, sooner or later, people will rebel.

Domestic decrees , increasing the pressure on the frontline troops, and then blaming the blame on the commander of the frontline troops, so that Sergey Vitte can't do such a stupid thing.

The Prime Minister also needs to take the responsibility. When it is time to shoulder the thunder, he must take the initiative to stand up Come out.

Just look at the effect. When Sergei Veidt said his words, the military representatives were very pleased with him.

Nicholas II smiled coldly and said sarcastically: "Is this a little longer, or a billion points longer?" ?
If this continues, the Central Asia Railway will be opened to traffic. They can't wait for the Siberian Railway to open to traffic before they can exterminate the French resistance! "

Reinforcements or not, Nicholas II doesn't care. Anyway, there is no shortage of gray animals in the Russian Empire, and there are people paying for the war.

The key is that the French resistance has not been extinguished for a long time, and Nicholas II has no place to save his face. The same goes for the Tsar. What needs to be compared is the performance of Nicholas II after he succeeded to the throne compared with the previous heroes. Not only the domestic people are making comparisons, but the international media also often make fun of them. Nicholas II, who has good face, For La II, this was absolutely intolerable.

Sergei Witte hesitated to speak. When will the French resistance be extinguished? Only God can answer this question.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 1055: The Best Ally

As the economy picks up, the Vienna government's fiscal revenue also rises. The government will not keep money to breed, and all fiscal revenue must be spent.

Less than halfway through 1897, various departments were already gearing up to compete for the budget for the coming year.

The emperor went on vacation, and the decision-making power of budget allocation fell to the crown prince. Everyone can see that this is obviously the emperor paving the way for his son.

There is nothing to object to. Although the emperor is still in good health, he is still 67 years old. In this era when the average life expectancy is less than 50, this can be called "longevity".

No one can guarantee that the old emperor will suddenly see God one day. From this point of view, it is very necessary to train the crown prince in advance to avoid being in a hurry.

Unlike the bloody imperial power struggles in the East, Europe's inheritance laws are relatively complete, and even if there are occasional struggles, they are not cruel.

At least the internal struggle within the Habsburg dynasty was not so fierce, otherwise Franz's uncle Ferdinand I would not have succeeded to the throne.

In this context, allowing the crown prince to act as the emperor in advance, although it does not occur often, is not without precedent.

The most typical example is Franz himself. After the Great Revolution, he has acted as the crown prince to act as the emperor. The regency committee is still Obediently handed over the power.

Rules are rules, and as long as everyone sticks to them, there won't be any problems.

It was the same when it came to Frederick, and the situation was even better.

After all, Franz was alive and well and just went away for a vacation. Although the vacation lasted a little long, it didn't hurt.

There is a highly respected emperor holding him down, so no matter what thoughts the people below have, they have to suppress them first.

Even though Franz rarely bothered, the Vienna government bureaucrats would never forget the wonderful scene of "ten thousand people dismissed from office and a hundred people cremated in the crematorium".

If someone were to make careful statistics, they would find that more bureaucrats fell from power during the Franz era than during the several hundred years since the founding of the Habsburg dynasty combined.

Of course, times are different and there is no comparison. The number of public officials in the Holy Roman Empire now far exceeds that of any previous period.

Faced with an emperor who dared to break the custom of "the law does not punish everyone" and also imposed heavier punishments, no one dared to behave like a monster.

These are the lessons learned by our predecessors in exchange for their blood.

Since the establishment of the civil service examination system, everyone has a group of substitute candidates. The aloof status of the bureaucracy in the past no longer exists.

...

Putting down the official document in his hand, Frederick asked helplessly: "Dear Minister, can you tell me, what is the purpose of the Navy's shipbuilding this time?"

The word "respect" is obviously emphasized. From his tone, it was obvious that Frederick was very unimpressed with the "shipbuilding plan" submitted by the Admiralty.

On the surface, there are just a few battleships, dozens of cruisers and destroyers. Judging from the size of the Shinra Navy, part of the warships need to be updated every year, so it is not too much to build so many warships at once .

The problem lies in the "upgrading of warships".

There are also strict regulations for the decommissioning of Shinra warships. Either the performance cannot keep up with the times, or second-hand warships can be sold, otherwise they must wait until the service period is completed.

After continuous upgrading in the past few years, it is now in a window period, and no capital ships will be retired in the next three years.

If there is no retirement, there will be no replacement. As long as the naval establishment remains unchanged, the government will not allocate additional funds to build capital ships in the next two years.

Without additional appropriations, the navy's annual military expenditures are limited, and naturally it cannot support the current shipbuilding plan.

If it were just to build a few dozen more warships, it would be nothing more than a matter of 10 to 20 million Aegis. As an owner who personally controlled the listing of an oil company worth billions, Frederick would not have such a big reaction .

The problem is that the navy has never been just about warships. Once the number of warships increases, the naval establishment will also increase.

It seems that they just want to build more ships, but in fact they want to expand the army. That's not something that can be done with 10 or 20 million, but tens of millions of Aegis expenses will be added every year.

The Holy Roman Empire is a land-based country. If the Navy increases military expenditures, the Army will definitely not be vague, and the Air Force will probably join in the fun.

These are just minor problems domestically, and the most troublesome ones are internationally. The British are keeping a close eye on it, and the expansion of the Shinra Navy and the Royal Navy will definitely follow suit.

There is no doubt that a new round of naval arms competition has been ignited. At that time, whether they like it or not, the Vienna government will passively follow the British in playing "dumpling contest".

After using his brain to think for a moment, Frederick knew that the Navy Department's shipbuilding plan was a huge pit, a huge pit that could swallow up all the new fiscal revenue of the Vienna government.

Putting aside the international influence, the money is all spent on military expenditures. What else can he, the crown prince, do for political achievements?

Franz asked Frederick to supervise the country so that he could take the opportunity to improve his political performance, prove his ability to govern the country to the outside world, and increase his reputation for future succession.

If all the money was used to play a "dumpling contest" with the British, everyone except the navy would probably be dissatisfied with him as the crown prince.

Frederick was not William II. He had a naval dream since he was a child. Frederick, who grew up in Vienna, was deeply influenced by continental culture and was a typical continentalist.

Frederick had always been very disdainful of the British maritime hegemony. No matter how awesome the maritime hegemony is, can it compare with the hegemony of Asia, Europe and Africa?

In the Holy Roman Empire, the most popular theory was still "whoever wins the world island wins the world." As for maritime hegemony, it is only an accessory to continental hegemony.

When the Holy Roman Empire has finished digesting the fruits of victory, the British maritime supremacy will have to be conceded, and it will have to be conceded.

So the way Frederick looked at the Admiralty now was, "This is a bad guy who actually wants to harm me."

As if he was already prepared for the crown prince's dissatisfaction, Castagni replied calmly: "Your Highness, the British have been too idle recently. We must find something for them to do.

Looking at the Central Asian Railway It is about to be opened to traffic. We need to create an opportunity for the Russians to use the Russians to consume the British national power.

If things go well, we can take over from the British before the new round of Anglo-Russian war is over. The important task of maritime hegemony has come.

Before that, if we don't build more warships, how can we fulfill our responsibilities as a hegemon? I don't know since when, the Vienna government has liked to use Russian allies as pawns.

Now that the British had to take over maritime supremacy, the Admiralty's first reaction was to let the Russians go first.

If you open the history books, you will find that in recent decades, the Russians have been the first to help defeat all the major enemies that the Vienna government has faced.

In the First Near East War (Crimean War), he defeated the British, French and Ottomans, creating the basis for Austria to annex South Germany;

in the two Prussian-Russian wars, he helped to abolish Prussia and successfully prevented the HRE from breaking out for unification. Civil War;

the following Near Eastern Wars were also fought by Russia and Austria, successfully defeating the Ottoman Empire;
although the Russians were absent from the European Continental War, they still made outstanding contributions in suppressing France. Now they are insisting on fighting;
now it is time for the confrontation between Vienna and London, but I did not expect that the Russians will come in handy again. Before the decisive battle, someone in the Vienna government wanted to provoke a war between Britain and Russia.

Judging from the current situation, with the opening of the Central Asian Railway, the probability of a war between Britain and Russia is increasing day by day.

Therefore, Russia-Austria friendship is inevitable. Where can I find such a caring ally?

Although maintaining the friendship between Russia and Austria is very expensive, compared with the contribution made by the Russians, it is not worth mentioning at all.

Frederick admitted that he was tempted, but he quickly came to his senses. The Central Asia Railway will be opened to traffic in two years' time. What's the rush now?
Even if we want to provoke a war between Britain and Russia, it will have to wait until the railway is opened to traffic.

Before that, let the British be idle for now. They will be busy in the future, so there is no rush at all.

Especially the recent actions of the London government are constantly challenging the bottom line of the tsarist government. Over time, these small conflicts will evolve into irreducible hatred between the two countries.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1056: Full-height Artillery Battleship

Although the Navy Department's shipbuilding plan was not approved, the strategic plan to provoke the Anglo-Russian war was highly praised by Frederick.

What any country fears most is the incompetence of bureaucrats. Only a busy bureaucrat is a good bureaucrat.

Although the Admiralty was a little more concerned and did not consider the problem so thoroughly, after considering the actual situation, Frederick also understood the Admiralty's approach.

Although the Holy Roman Empire Navy has reached the second level in the world, it is still far away from the first place.

Originally, the Shinra Navy was expected to catch up with the British. Unfortunately, the French warships were sold off by the government to the British, further widening the gap in strength between the two navies.

Of course, everything has two sides, and there are disadvantages as well as advantages. The Royal Navy, which got the French warships, also did not get a favor.

The original purpose of purchasing these warships was to suppress the Shinra Navy and consolidate maritime hegemony.

Unexpectedly, the situation changed a little bit later. The expected arms race did not break out. The Royal Navy, which has a large number of warships, could only choose to mothball some warships.

After buying a bunch of big toys home, only to have them locked in drawers, the British also had troubles that they couldn't express.

However, there is nothing that can be done about it. The British can only jump in knowing that there is a trap, otherwise the warship will fall into the hands of the Shinra Navy and the Royal Navy's dominant position will be difficult to protect.

After all, warship construction also takes time. If the Royal Navy had no advantage, it would be a tragedy if one day the Vienna government suddenly had a seizure and came to play tricks on the Royal Navy.

HRE is a continental country that can afford to lose, but Britain cannot withstand it. If the Royal Navy suffers heavy losses and the international situation is overturned and reshuffled, it will be difficult for Britain to regain maritime hegemony.

After missing an opportunity to quickly catch up, the biggest economic crisis in human history immediately ushered in. All the money was used to develop the economy, and military expenditures were naturally reduced.

Since the end of the European War, HRE's military spending has remained at the same level. The total military expenditure has not increased, and the amount of military expenditure allocated to the navy is naturally unlikely to increase.

After the war, in order to raise military expenses, both the Army and the Air Force sold second-hand equipment. Not to mention making a lot of money, but it is still possible to improve your life.

The navy is in trouble. Because of the previous warship sales, the international market has long been saturated, and there is no room for them to play.

In fact, even if there is room for performance, it is useless. The army and air force are selling equipment on a large scale, which is what was left over from the anti-French war. No matter how tearful the equipment is, it is better than tearing it down and selling it for scrap.

The navy is different. Not only does it not have a bunch of warships left, it also faces competition from the British.

The Shinra Navy's military budget has not increased, but the naval budgets of its competitors have increased year by year. The Admiralty saw it with their eyes and was anxious in their hearts.

It's useless to just be "rushed". The government's annual fiscal budget is only so large. If you take care of this end, you can't take care of the other end. The government budget can only give priority to places that need it more.

There is no doubt that the Shinra Navy is obviously not the most urgent to develop. The Royal Navy's advantage is already great, and it doesn't matter if it is larger. They don't dare to enter the Mediterranean anyway.

The reputation of the Royal Navy was so great that many high-level people in the Vienna government, including Frederick, lacked confidence in the navy.

On the issue of confrontation with the British, there has always been another voice in the Vienna government, which is to build more airports in coastal areas to deploy air force defense, and at the same time vigorously develop submarines as supplements.

There is no need to sink all enemy warships. As long as the air force can damage the enemy's warships, the navy can go up and pick them up.

The requirements are so low, so the difficulty is naturally not much higher. Now the main force of the Royal Navy does not dare to enter the Mediterranean Sea, which is done under this theory.

After all, the air force is far more maneuverable than the navy, and the Vienna government has built a large number of airstrips in coastal areas.

If the Vienna government wished, it could mass hundreds, even thousands, of aircraft in any one area.

Faced with a dense fleet of aircraft, anyone's scalp will go numb. Although the Royal Navy is powerful, it is still wary of the enemies above its head.

The Air Ministry even formulated a strategic bombing plan against Britain, that is, concentrating thousands of bombers at once to launch air strikes against the Royal Navy and end the British maritime hegemony.

Although it cannot be done with existing technology, considering the speed of development of aviation technology, it may not be impossible in the next 20 to 30 years.

After all, the English Channel is only a short distance away. As the overlord of Europe, HRE can deploy its fighter planes in France and Belgium. It is not difficult to launch air strikes.

Although the plan is full of idealism, everyone still has more confidence in the air force than in a decisive naval battle with the British.

In this context, the Shinra Navy naturally had a difficult time. It doesn't matter if they can't win against the Army in the competition for military spending. Even the Air Force comes to compete with them for resources. It's normal for the Navy to be anxious.

The military budget is limited, and the Navy's original plan of "relying on HRE's industrial advantages and directly piling up numbers to kill the British" is obviously not feasible.

After another attempt by Frederick, Castagni took out a new document and handed it over: "Your Highness, this is the alternative plan prepared by our Admiralty. There is a huge gap between the Imperial Navy and the British Royal Navy. Catching up will inevitably require a large investment of financial resources.

Considering the limited fiscal revenue of the empire and in order to save military expenditures, the Navy Department is preparing to promote a technological revolution in the naval industry.

This is a new battleship designed by us using a new design concept that is different from any previous warships.

We abandoned the previous concept of multiple artillery coordination and instead equipped all heavy artillery. The firepower intensity is three times that of traditional battleships.

If this attempt succeeds, then the traditional battleships of the past will be swept into the garbage heap of history. "

"Test ship", this is very important. Although the Vienna government is very strict on naval investment, in order to encourage naval technological innovation, it is extremely generous to the "test ship" that adopts new technologies. The direct consequence is that the Shinra Navy , there are many weird designs coming out every year. However, if you want to promote the development of naval technology, these efforts are necessary.

Looking at the history of the development of the human navy, you will know that every technological revolution is stepped on again and again. For this reason,

Franz also built a special naval design exhibition hall, specifically used to display various technological innovations on the road of naval development. Successful and failed ones were all put in. There was no accusation or criticism. , as if everything was taken for granted. As time went by, everyone got used to it, and the designers' imaginations were opened up, and they became more and more fun on the road of playing tricks. Of course,

more than 99% of warship designs The drawings were all left in the archives in the end, and less than one percent could actually be turned into a warship.

The courage to try does not mean a brainless attempt. At least it must comply with the most basic mechanical principles to ensure that the warship is not built. Only if it can sink can we proceed to the next step of demonstration.

After internal screening, the final design plan was actually relatively reliable.

Frederick did not have a deep understanding of naval technology, but he still had the most basic common sense. . Looking at the warship design drawings in front of him, Frederick asked doubtfully: "Sweep all the previous battleships into the garbage dump, are you sure you can do it?" "

It's not that I feel sorry for the warships being eliminated. In fact, no matter how the warship technology changes, it will not affect the value of the previous warships.

After all, not every country can keep up with the naval technological revolution. The only one that can be considered an opponent now is Shinra and Britain, the rest are little brothers.

If you want to participate in the naval technological revolution, you should wait until you grow up. It is not their turn to join in the fun now.

If the naval technological revolution really breaks out, just like the birth of the ironclad, it will have a great impact on Holy Rome The empire definitely has only advantages and no disadvantages.

Today is different from the past. Starting from the same starting line, with its strong industrial strength, Shinra is not afraid of competing with the British.

Although the obsolescence of old battleships will cause heavy losses, the British will suffer the most. In terms of financial resources, "killing one thousand enemies and losing eight hundred to oneself" is still a try for Shinra.

Admiral Castagni shook his head: "Your Highness, the birth of new technology is always inevitable. Before it comes out, no one can guarantee that it will work.

I can only tell you that this new battleship has such potential. With three times the firepower of a traditional battleship, it is theoretically possible to kill. "

Just "potential" is enough. For an opportunity to quickly close the gap in strength with the British Navy, it is completely acceptable to spend more than four million Aegis for a test. After a little thought,

Philip Te Lie said slowly: "I will keep this document for now. In principle, I have no objection.

As for when to launch the plan, we will wait until the cabinet discusses it! "

More than four million Aegis is not a small amount. It is close to one percent of the Vienna government's fiscal revenue and occupies an important proportion of the government's budget.

Frederick felt that he had better be cautious, and no one would I don't know if there will be more important projects in the future. I can't preside over budget allocation for the first time and screw it up.

Especially after the successful test of the new ship will bring about an arms race of unprecedented scale, it is even more unacceptable. That's sloppy.

Frederick didn't think that the British could not build the warships that HRE could build. Although HRE's overall industrial strength was stronger, Britain was the king in terms of naval technology.

Even after the end of the European War, Shinra inherited the French's naval technology and made up for some of its shortcomings, but that only brought the two sides to the same level, and still failed to surpass the British.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 1057 Big Deception

As the budget battle intensified, Franz returned to the Vienna Palace at the end of October, ending his vacation trip early.

You can go on vacation at any time. As an emperor, you must always put state affairs first. Although the crown prince is being trained, that doesn't mean he has given up completely.

You must know that there is not much else in politics except that there are many pitfalls on the road ahead. It's okay to step on small pits, just take it as a lesson learned.

However, there are also some pits that must not be stepped on. If you step on them, you may fall in and never get out.

For example: The annual budget allocation that is currently in progress will be a fatal flaw once a mistake is discovered.

If you cannot balance the needs of all parties, take the budget for granted, or invest the budget in one or several aspects based only on ideals and benefits, then you will be in trouble.

If someone adds fuel to the flames, even if Frederick is the crown prince, he will still have to suffer. At least the incompetent hat cannot be taken off.

A crown prince who is labeled as "incompetent" even before he succeeds to the throne will find it difficult to be convincing even if he succeeds to the throne.

It's not like things like this have never happened. Including Franz suffered losses when he took the throne, but he happened to be counterattacking the Kingdom of Sardinia at that time and passed the blame to the war.

Now that the world is at peace and there is no war to help us take the blame, the allocation of the fiscal budget will be quite a test.

Of course, if you don't want to take responsibility, you can also pass this job to the Prime Minister. It's just that this will lead to the prime minister's power becoming larger, and the emperor will become a rubber stamp if he is not careful.

Then you leave your fate in the hands of others. If you meet someone with evil intentions, the royal family may become a clown on the stage.

In the end, it was the people below who reaped the benefits, and the emperor was responsible for taking the blame. If he didn't obey, he would be violently killed. Similar things happened frequently in history.

On this issue, countries and companies are actually the same.

Many people are fortunate enough to work hard to start a business, but in the end they are deceived and left behind. Instead of training their own successors, they leave it to professional managers to take care of it.

It seems very scientific, but the final outcome usually ends in tragedy.

Just look at the performance of listed companies. In the past 37 years, the delisting rate of US listed companies has been as high as "72%", and the delisting of these companies is almost all the result of professional managers.

And with the decline of morality and the continuation of the fast pace of society, this ratio is still rising.

Although the company was ruined, the professional managers who managed the company made a fortune in the process. The only ones whose interests are really harmed are shareholders.

Even though a few companies have developed occasionally, the owners of the companies have changed, and they no longer have a dime to do with the founders of the companies.

For companies that are truly run by managers and have no problems, the major shareholders personally restrain them and prevent the company's management from letting themselves go.

The same goes for the country. Once the emperor does nothing, the bureaucrats will soon let themselves go. Then it deteriorates at a speed visible to the naked eye until it is finally hollowed out...

"Flowers never bloom for a hundred days." It is a natural law to flourish and then decline. Watering and fertilizing is nothing more than letting the flowers hang for a few more days.

The same is true for the country. No one knows what the future will be like. It's full of uncertainty anyway, so it's better to leave your country to your own people.

Even if you want to lose your family, it is better to lose it at the hands of your own descendants than to give it to someone else. Franz saw this issue very clearly.

Including the planned enfeoffment plan, in addition to practical needs, it is also diversifying investment. Put eggs in different baskets to increase risk resistance as much as possible.

All that could be done was done now, and the rest was not Franz's concern. Anyway, there will definitely be no problems while he is alive.

After listening to Frederick's work report at the Vienna Palace , Franz nodded with satisfaction. There were no big mistakes, that was enough.

Being able to ensure the normal operation of the empire in peaceful times proved that Frederick had the ability to run the empire.

As for the war years?

It is estimated that Frederick will never meet. Once the battle for maritime hegemony comes to an end, the Holy Roman Empire will become the only superpower.

With the strong strength of Shinra, there will be no evenly matched opponent for a long time to come.

Unless aliens invade, Shinra will just beat others up.

By the time of Frederick, there were at best some local wars, which could not be called a challenge at all. The next step will be the era of "nuclear peace", and the probability of a war will be even smaller.

After the report, Franz smiled and asked: "Frederick, what do you think of the full-heavy artillery battleship plan that the Admiralty is working on?"

It seemed that Franz would not ask this question. Frederick was stunned for a moment, and then replied: "It looks good, but it is too expensive.

We can build a full-heavy artillery battleship, and the British can naturally build it. By then, it will be another naval arms race.

Although our industrial strength exceeds that of the British, the military expenditure that the government can invest in the navy will not be much more than that of the British. In the end, it is very likely that both sides will lose. The probability of winning may not be as good as the Air Force's Terminator plan. At least if the Air Force is forced to panic, it can still use planes to ram warships.

Of course, in the long run, we are not unable to accept the outcome of losing both sides. But in this way, it will be easier for the Americans and the Russians.

In recent times, the United States The fight with the Tsarist government was fierce. At some point, these two fringe countries formed an alliance.

Although in a short period of time, their national strength was far inferior to that of the British, their development potential was higher than that of Britain.

To defeat the British and become two competitors with greater potential is a deal that outweighs the gains and losses.

For the sake of the empire, while we are bringing down the British, we must also inherit the British legacy, otherwise our work will be in vain.

To do this, it must be ensured that after defeating the British, the Imperial Navy still has the power to suppress countries around the world. "

It is inevitable that we are not optimistic.

Although the financial revenue of the Holy Roman Empire is high, its expenses are equally staggering. It is impossible for the government to invest all the revenue in naval construction.

Purely fighting for financial resources, the Holy Roman Empire does not have the resources in a short time. Advantage. Only by delaying the time for more than ten or twenty years, and waiting for the further development of Shinra's economy, can the Vienna government have the financial resources to crush the British.

In contrast, the Air Force's "Terminator Plan" has been even more criticized. People are optimistic. With the continuous development of aviation technology, the load capacity of aircraft is also increasing day by day.

So far, the largest strategic bomber of the Shinra Air Force can already carry two tons of ammunition.

Paired with special giant bombs, it is enough to cause damage to battleships. Threat. The only problem is that the accuracy is not enough and it is difficult to hit accurately.

However, the Air Force has begun to find a way to solve this problem. If the accuracy is really bad, it can also use the quantity to make up. At worst, if you try your luck, thousands of bombers will go into battle. There will be a few lucky ones. As long as they are willing to throw money, they can smash the Royal Navy to death.

If you are really unlucky, you can also hit the warship with a plane. Although this is a joke, this kind of suicide attack is indeed Very effective.

During the Anti-French War, a reconnaissance plane encountered an accident in the air and was unable to return normally.

At the last moment, the pilot acted heroically and crashed directly into a French warship, exploding a large firework.

Similar cases , there is not only one, but most of them miss the target. But as long as they hit, the effect is particularly good.

Of course, it does not mean that Shinra pilots are not really afraid of death. The main reason is that the aircraft of these days, once If you encounter an accident at sea, there is no chance of death. A forced landing at sea is completely overthinking, and it is not a seaplane. When an ordinary plane lands at sea, it sinks to the bottom of the sea with a plop.

Skydiving is equivalent to going into the sea to feed the fish, not to mention it is news. If the message cannot be sent back, even if it is sent back, the rescuers will not be able to wait.

Choosing to ram into the enemy's warship is to use a cushion before death. At the same time, you can make some contribution to your family, after all, you are dead. Military merit is still valid, and the rewards should not be less.

According to the plan of the Air Force Ministry, if it really comes to a critical moment, you can really fight for it. As long as the death squads search carefully, they can always find it.

There are really not enough people. , you can also create accidents artificially. In the end, there are too many people who choose to support the enemy.

Politics is as dark as it needs to be. As long as the interests are big enough, there is nothing that politicians cannot do. .

Franz laughed and scolded: The Air Force's Terminator plan is the real bad idea. Thousands of bombers, they really dare to think about it.

As aviation technology develops, the cost of aircraft construction is also rising, and the quality requirements for pilots are also increasing.

If the technology is in place, hundreds of battleships could be built for the cost of thousands of bombers.

It's still cheap. I think the most expensive one in the future will be the Air Force. Just wait, in less than thirty years, the Air Force's military spending will be on par with the Army and Navy. "

If it weren't for the experience in his previous life, Franz might have been fooled by the Air Force's plan. After all, the picture cake given by the Air Force does look very tempting. It's a pity that this thing is delicious, but it's really not It's cheap!

Today's aircraft are worthless. Thousands of bombers only cost tens of millions of Aegis. Even including pilot logistics and maintenance, they are not much more expensive. The future will be different, and aircraft worth tens of thousands will soon become obsolete. , replaced by sky-high prices worth hundreds of thousands, hundreds of thousands, or even millions. Whether the entire Holy Roman Empire can afford thousands of bombers is unknown, let alone assembling thousands of bombers at once What's more,

the enemy is not a fool. The British are also developing their air force. If they go to their home base to carry out attacks, their air force will also fight back.

How many fighter escorts are needed to cover thousands of bombers?

Just thinking about this question is disturbing. People feel terrible, otherwise during World War II, Desan's Air Force would have sent all the Royal Navy to the sea.

It's not that they don't want to, but that they simply can't do it. Rather than implement this unreliable plan of the Air Force, Franz feels that The navy's plan is good.

The "full-heavy artillery battleship" is the dreadnought ship of the original time and space. It was originally built by the British, but it almost buried the Royal Navy.

Regardless of whether it can surpass the British Navy in the end, at least it brings both sides to the same starting line. , which wiped out the advantages accumulated by the Royal Navy in the early stage.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 1058 The Mediterranean is our inland sea.

With Franz's intervention, the Navy Department's plan for a full-heavy artillery battleship was passed as a matter of course.

There was no fanfare or secrecy.

After all, it is just a test ship, and no one can guarantee its success. On the road of exploring naval technology, the Vienna government has stepped on too many pitfalls.

There are no surprises. After every failure, there will be a bunch of "hindsight" criticism. Making the Admiralty look like a waste is a waste of taxpayers' money.

In fact, the failure of new technology attempts is nothing. The key is that the Navy lacks convincing record. If it were an army with a strong record, there would never be such criticism.

"learn from mistakes".

After the previous experience and lessons, the Navy always adopts a cold approach when exploring new technologies and new ideas.

If you succeed, announce it to the public and enjoy the applause. If you fail, you will naturally swallow the bitter pill silently.

This is the price that must be paid for being at the forefront of the times. In the field of scientific research, there is no such thing as invincibility. Behind every success, there are countless failures piled up.

Of course, there is also a gap between failure and failure. It is forgivable that the performance of the test ship cannot meet the design requirements, or it lacks actual combat capabilities, but the basic mechanical principles must still be followed.

If a built ship sinks before it leaves the port, then you will be held accountable.

It's okay not to publicize it, but it's not necessary to keep it secret. In fact, big things like warships cannot be kept secret once they are on the slipway.

The battleships of the 19th century were the embodiment of a country's highest industrial level. To build a qualified battleship, at least the cooperation of hundreds of related companies is required.

Such a big movement cannot be hidden at all. What can be hidden is nothing more than the performance parameters of warships, and the construction of warships is not a secret at all.

Even in the Holy Roman Empire, there were only a few shipyards capable of building battleships. It was targeted by international spies early on, and once the materials were shipped in, it became clear that the ship was being built.

Of course, the Vienna government could also engage in strategic deception if it wanted to. Putting merchant ships into the docks of battleships can also fool people.

It's just not necessary. If he hadn't been worried about being too deliberate and arousing the suspicion of the British, Franz would have revealed the parameters of the full-heavy artillery battleship.

An arms race naturally requires people to participate. If the British don't know, how can they play?

"Confidentiality", taking advantage of new technologies to launch a surprise attack on the enemy, only exists in theory.

The most critical thing is that the "dreadnought" is full of uncertainties. Before the warship is launched, no one can guarantee that it will be successful.

If he was 100% sure of success, Franz would not mind starting the construction of a dozen ships at once, and immediately catching the British by surprise after they were put into service.

In fact, the birth of the original space-time dreadnought was full of twists and turns. Everyone only saw the success of the British, and no one paid attention to the setbacks experienced behind them.

The time was advanced ten years, and Franz could not guarantee that the Admiralty's "Dreadnaught" plan would be perfect.

It would be embarrassing if there were problems with the design and a bunch of big toys with no practical value were created. The emperor also could not afford such political risks.

Gambling is a taboo for monarchs, and what the people need is a stable emperor.

Small countries do not have more choices, so they need to take risks; large countries have more choices and a higher error tolerance rate, so conservatism is the way to go.

The parameters of the warship were not leaked, and the outside world just regarded it as an ordinary battleship. Shinra built it almost every year, so it naturally did not cause any waves.

Franz was not in any hurry about all this. Anyway, the British will know when the warship is launched. By then, the London government will be even more stimulated.

According to the plan, construction of Shinra's first "full heavy artillery battleship" would start in early February 1898. If nothing unexpected happens, it will be launched in 1899.

The timing was very good, and the Central Asia Railway was opened to traffic at about the same time. Maritime hegemony and India are threatened at the same time. It is estimated that the British government will not be driven crazy, but will also be anxious .

...

In the evening, the Spanish Embassy in Vienna was brightly lit, and accompanied by bursts of music, a diplomatic dance began.

"Mr. Minister, we really have no intention of spying on your colonies. Aren't you tired of testing them every three days?"

Weissenberg, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Shinra who was invited to the banquet, now has a very headache. I don't know where the Spaniards got the news about Shinra's plot in Morocco. Minister Brad has been pestering him every day recently.

In order to verify the authenticity of the news, Weisenberg not only contacted the military and the Colonial Ministry, but even sent a message to the Algerian Province, both of which stated that there were no similar plans "recently".

However, no matter how Weisenberg explained it, the Spanish Minister Brad in front of him did not believe it.

Well, that's not surprising either. There are no recent plans for Morocco, which does not mean that there have been no plans in the past, nor does it mean that there will be no plans in the future.

On the issue of overseas colonization, the Vienna government fully delegated power.

Not only the military and the Colonial Department can lead the development of colonies, overseas colonial governments, nobles, and civil society can also open colonies.

Generally speaking, before starting colonial activities, you only need to report to the nearest government, and there is no mandatory requirement.

Anyway, whoever takes the lead is responsible. The establishment of the colony was successful, and the Vienna government ratified it. If the colonial activities fail due to non-government planning, you will be responsible for all the consequences.

In recent decades, the Vienna government has issued as many as 80,000 colonial licenses. There are countless groups and individuals with colonial qualifications.

The forest is big and there are all kinds of birds. With so many colonial groups, there are definitely not a few who are eyeing Morocco.

A few of them, Tiehanhan, leaked their own colonial plans to the Spanish government. That was perfectly normal.

Weisenberg has encountered similar protests many times. Not to mention the Spanish colonies, even the British colonies, some people dared to spy on them.

Generally, these remain in the planning stage. Without the support of the Vienna government, there are still few people who dare to take practical actions.

Weisenberg could only guarantee that Shinra officials had no plans to take advantage of Morocco. As for whether anyone among the people was causing trouble, that was none of his business.

In any case, Spain is also a medium-sized country and cannot be provoked by a few civil colonial groups.

In Weisenberg's view, Minister Bullard's current nervousness is simply making a fuss out of a molehill.

As if his tail had been stepped on, Brad denied it flatly: "Your Excellency, Minister, I really have no temptation. As you know, we have suffered from wars in recent years, and the government's financial pressure is very great.

Although the crackdown was suppressed not long ago , Colonial rebellion broke out, but it will still take a long time for the local economy to return to normal.

In the next few years, our colonies will not only be unable to create wealth, but will need the government to pour money into it.

In order to reduce expenses, the country has carefully After research, we are preparing to sell the Moroccan region. Considering our traditional friendship with your country, I gave priority to contacting you."

Obviously, Weisenberg's denial not only failed to clear the suspicion, but also made Brad The minister confirmed the domestic judgment.

Now that it was determined that HRE was plotting in Morocco, the Spanish government, which was unable to resist, naturally had to find a way to stop its losses.

If you can't keep it anyway, then you have to find a way to sell it at a good price. It is a pity that it is difficult to find buyers these days. There are many countries eyeing Morocco, but there are no countries that dare to seize food from the tiger's mouth.

Even the British are not willing to be neighbors with the HRE just for the sake of Morocco.

For the British government, the longer the land border with HRE, the greater the pressure it has to endure.

It is easy to buy areas of Morocco, the question is what to do after the occupation? You can't deploy hundreds of thousands of troops to confront the Shinra just for the sake of Morocco, right?
For a sea-power country to go to the mainland to play against a land-power country is definitely a sign of being out of ideas.

To put it bluntly, the Spanish government only has nominal suzerainty. It was obtained illegally, and the Moroccans simply don't recognize it.

If Spain completely occupied the Moroccan region and established a complete order, maybe someone would really dare to seize food from the tiger's mouth.

After all, at this stage, the Vienna government has begun to lose face, and it is impossible to snatch our colonies for no reason.

Unfortunately, the Spanish government can only sell it in name. At most, the control of the northern region is added, but this control area is not only limited in area, but also very lacking in control, and often faces threats from indigenous tribes.

In this context, spending a large sum of money to buy Morocco would not only offend the Vienna government, but also send troops to go to war with Morocco, which is obviously a loss-making deal.

No one was willing to pay a big price, so the Spanish government had no choice but to turn its idea to the Vienna government.

After a long period of contact and understanding, the Spanish government discovered that the Holy Roman Empire was different from previous European overlords. This was a ruler that paid attention to food and appearance.

For the Spanish government, the biggest "good thing" is that the Vienna government wants to lose face. Since the boss pays attention to his own image, he cannot take advantage of him.

Even for the purpose of "buying bones for a thousand dollars", the Vienna government, which did not want to bear the reputation of bullying its younger brother, had to give a high price.

Colonies, as a type of wealth, can themselves be traded. In the original time and space, the Spanish government almost sold Cuba, but the Americans were a little trickier.

Although I offered to buy it, the conditions I issued were all empty promises full of traps. You must know that the U.S. dollar was not an international currency at that time. The U.S. government was only willing to pay in U.S. dollars, and it was not a one-time payment.

If 100 million US dollars had been exchanged for 100 million pounds and paid in cash, there would probably have been no Spanish-American War.

At this point, Weisenberg was too lazy to continue explaining. If you misunderstand, just misunderstand. If you want to be the overlord, you still have to worry about being misunderstood.

Since the Spanish government dares to sell, the Vienna government dares to buy. In any case, Morocco is also a rare and good place in Africa.

Not only does it have fertile soil, it is also known as "the cool land under the scorching sun" and the "Garden of North Africa". More importantly, it can guard the gateway from the Mediterranean to the Atlantic Ocean.

In the hands of the Spanish government, Morocco's strategic value is infinitely close to zero. Once in the hands of Shinra, it can lock the western gate of the Mediterranean.

When the domestic media boasts, they can add: "The Mediterranean is our inland sea."

Although bragging like this is a bit arrogant, it wouldn't be too objectionable if compared to other Mediterranean countries such as Spain, France, Greece, Montenegro, and Sardinia.

With military and political income bonuses, even a nominal suzerainty cannot be cheap.

After a pause, Weisenberg slowly said: "Well, since your country is in financial difficulty, we can understand the sale of the Moroccan region.

It's just that your country does not completely control the Moroccan region. The Kingdom of Morocco still retains certain strength, so we have to give a discount on the price.

If your government really wants to sell it at a good price, I suggest that your country still sends troops to occupy the Moroccan region and negotiate with us.

In that case, we will definitely give you a price that satisfies your country, and your country will never suffer a loss. "

Knowing that "encouraging Spain to send troops to Morocco" was unrealistic, Weisenberg still didn't mind throwing it out.

It was not to lower the price, but mainly to let Minister Bullard recognize the reality and not think that the Vienna government needs to pay attention to appearance, so they can He took Shinra as his scapegoat.

As soon as he finished speaking, Minister Brad's expression brightened. If Spain had the strength to kill the Kingdom of Morocco, there would be no need to wait until now.

As the country closest to the European powers, Morocco can maintain its independence in this way. For many years, in addition to the mutual restraint between the great powers, their own strength is also an important factor.

You know, in order to deal with several indigenous tribes in the north, the Spanish government went back and forth several times, but failed to completely solve the problem. Send troops to destroy Losing the Kingdom of Morocco is easy to say. If we really implement it, we still don't know how much military expenditure it will cost.

Brad directly chose to ignore Weisenberg's satisfactory price. Just listen to this. If you take it seriously, you will be a fool.

"Your Majesty, your current situation is no longer suitable for us to continue waging war. For Spain, the most important thing right now is to recuperate.

As for the Kingdom of Morocco you mentioned, there is actually no need to care at all. It's just an indigenous kingdom. As far as your country is concerned, they can be wiped out without any effort.

Even the army does not need to be mobilized. As long as your government signals, the civilian armed forces alone can destroy Morocco ten times.

This little bit of dust will not affect this transaction at all. "

Flattery, shameless flattery. In order to sell Morocco at a good price, Minister Bullard obviously gave up his moral integrity.

Even knowing that Bullard was flattering, Weissenberg still accepted it unceremoniously. The overlord is If you don't have confidence in your own strength, how can you get along?
What's more, Brad's praise is not exaggerated. The Kingdom of Morocco is indeed not a problem for the Shinra. When it comes to the issue of colonial expansion, the Shinra's Civilian armed forces have extremely high enthusiasm.

If the Shinra really gathered all the civilian armed forces, it would not be a problem to destroy the Kingdom of Morocco, even Spain. If there were a world army ranking, then it would be:

first, The Holy Roman Empire;
the second, the Russian Empire;

the third, the private army of the Holy Roman Empire's nobles;
...

There is no way, these guys' status was won on the battlefield with swords and guns. It may not be possible to do anything else, but fighting Absolutely not a coward.

Before these military strongmen go to see God, the noble private army of Shinra is an important armed force.

"Your Excellency, Minister, there is no point in talking about these. Since your country really wants to sell the Moroccan region, how about setting a price first? "

It can be seen that Weissenberg is in a good mood. It seems that Brad's flattery has had an effect, and he seems to be very satisfied with the deal.

Minister Brad: "Okay, Your Excellency. The Moroccan region has very great economic, military and political value. I think 300 million Aegis is a reasonable number.  (End of chapter)


Chapter 1059: The Shit Stirrer is Online

. When he heard the appalling figure of "300 million Aegis", if Weisenberg hadn't been used to seeing big winds and waves, he would have had to spit out the wine from his mouth.

Frankly speaking, at this moment he really wanted to make a targeted counteroffer of "3 million." But considering that doing this is too childish and will damage his majestic image.

"Mr. Minister, are you kidding! Throughout the entire history of mankind, there has never been such an expensive colonial transaction.

Only half of the valuable land in Morocco accounts for it. According to your quotation, the average unit price per square kilometer of land is As high as 150 Aegis.

At such a price, you can buy land in your country. Except for the areas around the city, most of the rural land in your country is also at this price."

This is an exaggeration. Although the land in Spain is not It's valuable, but not as cheap as 150 Aegis/square kilometer.

Unless it is the worst mountainous area, including the areas that cannot be cultivated, it is estimated that it can be purchased.

No matter how bad the land is, as long as it can be bought, it will be fine. By the standards of these days, land in Europe must be the most expensive.

Without special resources, the worst mountainous areas in Spain are more expensive than the fertile land in Morocco.

This price is determined by market supply and demand. Compared to colonies with vast territories and sparsely populated areas, Europe has more people and less land, so land prices naturally rise.

Brad was unmoved and said: "If you simply calculate the land value, the Moroccan region is indeed not worth 300 million Aegis. But if you add the strategic value and political value, it is completely different. If your country gets the Moroccan region, it will Locking the door to the Western Mediterranean can easily keep the British out.

After turning the Mediterranean into an inland sea, your country will be inherently invincible in the subsequent international competition.

If you If the country is willing, it can also take the opportunity to buy Portuguese Africa. I think the Portuguese government will not refuse.

Everyone has withdrawn, and the British alone cannot hold on for long. Sooner or later, the African continent will be in your country's pocket. .

In addition to its strategic value, its political value is equally rich. The Holy Roman Empire, which sits on the Mediterranean Sea, is the real Roman Empire.

Recreating the glory of the Roman era is absolutely important to your government. Bonus points. Don't you want to complete this great undertaking? It's impossible not to be tempted. If it were not worried about the negative impact, the Vienna government would have taken action in Morocco long ago.

Napoleon learned from the past that in order not to stir up hatred, the Vienna government had always been cautious after becoming the overlord of Europe.

Knowing that the Moroccan region was of great significance, the Vienna government still restrained its desire, just to show it to European countries and show that its new hegemon was harmless.

If you pay, you will be rewarded. After a political show, the vigilance of European countries towards HRE has indeed dropped a lot.

The Anti-HRE Alliance will finally not appear, but the Vienna government is also trapped in its hands and feet, making it difficult to continue to expand externally.

If it can't expand, then don't expand. Anyway, Shinra is full.

The current high-level officials in the Vienna government are all old men who have long passed the second grade of middle school. They put "stability" first in everything they do.

They knew that taking over the Moroccan region would earn them a reputation during and after their lifetime and bring them a higher historical evaluation; but in order to avoid irritating European countries and causing the emergence of the anti-HRE alliance, everyone held back.

Facts have proved that in this world, "prudent is king". The more restrained the Vienna government showed, the more restless the Spanish government became.

Especially after the Japanese-Spanish War, the Spaniards, who suffered severe beatings from society, successfully realized the shortcomings of their own strength and curbed their ambitions.

After experiencing several more rebellions, the Spanish government, which was fully awake, finally realized that Morocco was in their hands and that it was a hot potato.

Although the Spaniards have never heard of the allusion of "It is a crime to possess a jade", everyone still understands the truth.

Since I couldn't eat it myself, I might as well take this opportunity to exchange a large amount of money from the Vienna government, and at the same time, I could repay the favor I owed Shinra.

The added value brought by Morocco is too great. Even if this transaction requires money, the Vienna government must also appreciate the Spanish government.

Facts are facts and must be acknowledged. As the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Holy Roman Empire, Weisenberg cannot do anything helpless . "The Minister is right, the Moroccan region is indeed of great significance to the Holy Roman Empire.

If possible, I would also like to agree to this deal." , but your country's appetite is really too big.

In any case, Morocco is an independent country. Your country has never really controlled this country. What it can trade with us now is only a nominal suzerainty. .

The value of the Moroccan region is high, which is based on the complete control of your country, but now your country has not achieved this.

I do not require your government to fully control the Moroccan region. As long as you defeat the Kingdom of Morocco, To establish a preliminary social order, we will provide the 300 million Aegis.

If your government cannot do this, then according to the highest premium, I can only give 30 million Aegis."

The reserve price means that there is no reserve price. Before this, Weisenberg did not know that the Spanish were so determined to sell the Moroccan region, and the Vienna government naturally did not discuss it.

There was no evaluation beforehand, so Weisenberg had no idea how much the Moroccan region was worth.

What's more, value is always determined by demand. The greater the need, the higher the price that can be given, and premiums are normal.

If you're not sure how much it's worth, just pay it off when you land. Anyway, the most important thing in negotiation is to talk. Such a large-scale transaction is not like buying vegetables at the vegetable market. The deal can be concluded in a few words.

For the Vienna government, the most important thing is to be able to obtain the Moroccan region without causing adverse effects. The price is not actually important.

The Spaniards talked about the value of Morocco to the HRE, and Weissenberg talked about control. Anyway, he was certain that the Spanish government would not be able to take over Morocco.

...

The cocktail party has never been a place to keep secrets. The Spanish government wanted to sell the Moroccan region and had no intention of keeping it secret.

Although it was determined that the Vienna government was the only buyer, there was no logic in anything when it came to politics.

After spreading the news, if any country gets crazy and jumps out to compete with Shinra, wouldn't it be able to sell it at a better price?

Of course, the probability of this happening is too low. The main reason is that the price charged by the Spanish government is too high. Even if some people want to take advantage of the tiger's mouth, they still have no money in their pockets!
"300 million Aegis" is equivalent to more than a thousand tons of gold. There are only two countries in the world with such financial resources.

It just so happens that these two countries are in a state of competition again, and the two countries have been causing trouble with each other for more than a day or two. The purpose of the Spanish government is self-evident.

 Prime Minister Robert Cecil has had a headache since London received news that the Spanish were interested in selling off areas of Morocco. Frankly speaking, Robert Cecil was also an unlucky man. As soon as he took office, he ushered in Britain's biggest competitor in three hundred years. Compared with the current Holy Roman Empire, Spain, the Netherlands, France, and Russia encountered earlier are all extremely weak. "The Spanish want to sell Morocco, what is going on, why haven't we received the news before?" There is no doubt that this is nonsense. Britain and Spain first had a disagreement over the Philippines issue, and then they had trouble over the Cuba issue. As old-school imperial Spaniards, they also have a temper. No matter how much they hope that the British will jump out and raise the price, they can't deliver it to their door themselves. Foreign Secretary Cameron: "The years of war have caused financial problems for the Spanish government, and the high debt has made them breathless. In order to get rid of the financial crisis, they have to find ways to save themselves. Although the Moroccan region is nominally Spanish Colonies, but they have never really controlled them. From the beginning of colonization to the present, the benefits the Spanish government has gained from Morocco are far less than what they paid. Colonies that do not make money are of no value. To the Spanish government To put it simply, Morocco is a tasteless piece of food that is worth throwing away." "What's his tasteless food is my bear's paw." The Moroccan region that was meaningless to the Spanish government became extremely valuable in the eyes of Britain and the HRE. Navy Minister Flora: "No matter what, we cannot let Morocco fall into the hands of the Holy Ra, otherwise everything we do in the Mediterranean will be over." As a world hegemon, Britain has tentacles all over the world. In such an important area as the Mediterranean, the British naturally have plans. Half of Tunisia and the Maltese Islands are the harvest of the British in the Mediterranean. In the mid-to-early 19th century, Britain even controlled the hegemony of the Mediterranean through these tentacles. It's a pity that the glory is in the past. With the rise of France and Austria, Britain's hegemony in the Mediterranean was quickly suppressed by the two regional hegemons. In the Shinra era, the situation worsened. Not to mention hegemony, the main force of the Royal Navy did not dare to set foot in the Mediterranean easily. If even Morocco falls into the hands of the HRE now, then the door to the Mediterranean will be completely closed to Britain. Malta and Tunisia, which were originally important military areas, will also become meaningless. Secretary of War Skyebrough: "Sir is right, Morocco cannot be allowed to fall into the hands of the Shinra under any circumstances. We must destroy this deal, and it is best to capture Morocco." This can make the mainland Central, which should be in opposition, The Navy's position suddenly becomes unanimous, which is definitely a problem. In addition to major national interests, there is only military spending. Compared with the former, the energy of the latter is actually stronger. "It is easy to take over Morocco, as long as you are willing to spend money. The question is what should we do after taking over Morocco? Everyone knows what the situation is in Africa. Our colony in South Africa has now shrunk to the Cape of Good Hope; The colonies in East Africa are now less than half of what they were at their peak. If we had not stationed heavy troops to stabilize the situation in the later period, we would have been driven out of the sea by those greedy barbarians. Although Morocco has the Sahara Desert to block the enemies in the south, it also faces difficulties in the east. It is a threat. It happens to be guarding the gateway to the Mediterranean, which is a battleground for military strategists. It is difficult to hold this land without 200,000 troops. If a war breaks out between us and Shinra, even if we deploy Half a million troops may not be able to defend it." It's not that Cameron looks down on the lobster soldiers, it's because Britain allocates too few resources to the army. How can we make bread if there is no flour? Although Britain is wealthy, it is more of an accumulation left over from hundreds of years of colonization. Simply calculating the government's fiscal revenue, Britain is already far behind HRE, even if colonization is included. In the context of fully developing sea power, building another continental army would have to hollow out the British government. War Secretary Skyebrew did not buy it and said: "The difficulties are indeed great, but we have no choice, don't we?


Facing the Holy Roman Empire, the empire has been retreating again and again. We have already lost the European continent. If we lose the African continent again, what will be left of the empire?
Maybe you will think that the empire's interests in Africa are not great, and if it is lost, it will be lost. Anyway, we still have Canada, Australia, New Zealand and India.

However, as one goes and the other goes, the enemy becomes more powerful day by day, while the empire declines as it continues to retreat.

It won't be long before..."

Whether it is fact or alarmist. It is an indisputable fact that Britain is in decline. The Victorian era is the peak of Britain, and it is also the beginning of the transition from prosperity to decline. With the rise of HRE, it is time to The era of replacement of old and new overlords.

As an old-school empire, if Britain does not want to decline, it must find a way to hold down HRE. The British government has worked very hard, but it is difficult to defeat the overwhelming force. Facing the pressing HRE, , Britain seemed very passive.

After hesitating for a while, Prime Minister Robert Cecil slowly said: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs sent someone to reveal to the Spanish government that the Empire intends to purchase the Moroccan region.

At the same time, news was released that Shinra was intimidating the Spanish government and wanted to seize Morocco. Create public pressure on the Vienna government.

When necessary, the empire can stand up and openly support Spain in sending troops to occupy Morocco, disrupting their negotiation process as much as possible.

Even if they can't stop them from reaching a deal in the end, they can't let Shinra easily take over the Moroccan region. "

Knowing that it was the Spanish government's plan, Robert Cecil had to cooperate. From Britain's standpoint, he would rather give the Spaniards an advantage than let the Holy Roman Empire easily get the Moroccan region.

...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 1060: Spiritual Master Franz,

do you want to buy it?
This is not a multiple-choice question at all.

From the standpoint of the Vienna government, the Moroccan region must be won, it is just a matter of time.

The Air Force's "Terminator Plan", although somewhat idealistic, is not entirely without merit.

It is unrealistic to storm the Royal Navy's home base, but it is still possible to treat Morocco as a giant aircraft carrier, deploy hundreds of bombers on it, and lock the western gate.

For the Holy Roman Empire, the greatest value of taking Morocco was to gain strategic initiative.

With both the east and west gates of the Mediterranean in hand, the Shinra Navy can take the initiative and do not need to stay in its lair every day to look after the country.

In recent years, the Vienna government has behaved very calmly and rarely intervened in regional conflicts. This is not because it does not know how to cause trouble, but mainly because of its lack of maneuverability.

Most of the main force of the Royal Navy stayed in the home fleet, just to keep an eye on the Shinra Navy. In order to ensure its control over the Mediterranean, the Vienna government could only leave the battleships squatting in their nest.

There is no way, the British navy is too powerful. Shinra could only gain the upper hand in the Mediterranean by coordinating its navy and air force.

If the main force goes out and the British are ruthless and launch a surprise attack from behind to blow up the Suez Canal and block the Shinra Navy from outside, it will be the end of the world.

When it comes to the struggle for hegemony, they will always resort to all possible means. No one can guarantee that there will be no ruthless people in Britain.

It's different when we take over the Moroccan region. The west gate is locked. No matter how the outside world changes, Shinra can guarantee its control of the Mediterranean.

Even if a war breaks out, the British will at most send a few submarines to cause trouble. As for surface ships, they are probably almost useless after passing through the strait.

Planes cannot sink warships, and it is difficult to do so only in a short raid. If it keeps blowing up after you, no matter how awesome the warship is, it will have to go to the sea to feed the fish.

As long as the Mediterranean is still in its hands, the Vienna government can mobilize resources from Asia, Europe and Africa in the shortest possible time through sea routes.

...

It was another sunny day. Franz, who had nothing to do, appeared at the artificial lakeside of the Vienna Palace with a group of grandchildren.

I don't know why, but every wealthy emperor likes to build palaces, and Franz is no exception.

The giant artificial lake in front of you is one of Franz's masterpieces. After several expansions, the Schnbrunn Palace and the Hofburg Palace have been connected to form the current Vienna Palace.

If you simply calculate the area, the Vienna Palace is definitely the largest palace in the world, bar none.

Franz could race in his own home if he wanted to. If it were left to the Eastern world, and the emperor was so aggressive in enclosing land and building palaces, the civil servants would definitely be sprayed with blood.

But in the Holy Roman Empire, this was not a big deal at all. As a large empire with a territory of nearly 40 million square kilometers, it may be short of everything, but it will not be short of land.

Vienna was originally under the direct jurisdiction of the emperor, and most of the land was the private property of the royal family. If the emperor wanted to add a wall to his own land, no one could control it.

Yes, the so-called expansion is adding a wall. The patrol range of the Royal Guards has been increased, but not many buildings have been added.

The original farms and manors still exist, but only the factories have been moved away.

The seasonal vegetables inside the palace are provided by these farms. All are purely natural products and do not contain any chemical fertilizers or pesticide additives.

Mainly for convenience, otherwise running back and forth between two palaces, although it doesn't hurt much money, is really laborious.

There is no way, who makes Franz afraid of death?
Every time the escort travels, they must monitor a two-kilometer radius, leaving absolutely no chance for the enemy. The battles are no less noisy than marching battles.

For everyone's convenience, we might as well connect the two places to save the hassle of traveling back and forth to the surrounding residents.

Anyway, the emperor is rich now and can afford enough royal guards. No matter how big the palace is, it can still be monitored.

Putting aside private property, the light annuity was enough for Franz to spend extravagantly.

You must know that when the constitution was established, Franz took the initiative to make sacrifices when he saw the financial difficulties of the Vienna government, and proposed to share the joys and sorrows with the people. He early decided to withdraw the royal annuity at 1.5% of the fiscal revenue.

It was really a "sacrifice". The Vienna government at that time was really poor. The royal annuity withdrawn cannot even support the palace guards.

In the first few years, Franz gave away a lot of money. The media also promoted it at that time, which really moved many people.

But no one could have imagined that the country would develop so fast. In just over forty years, Austria, which was less than 700,000 square kilometers, snowballed into the current Holy Roman Empire.

The country is growing and the economy is booming. The Vienna government's fiscal revenue has naturally increased, and it has actually expanded dozens of times.

Needless to say, listed companies all have equity incentives. As a hero who promotes the development of the country, the emperor will naturally benefit from it.

To this day, a political show of that year has become a legend and spread all over the world.

As far as Franz knows, many aspiring people have already followed suit. The final outcome is that these followers have developed the good habit of being diligent and thrifty.

There is no way. If a country wants to develop these days, it has to face too many challenges.

Although Austria was in decline at that time, it was still the fourth largest power in the world, and it still had the strength to support the situation.

Not only does it not need to worry about threats from foreign enemies, but it can also promote social reform while diverting domestic conflicts through colonial expansion.

Even if you don't have this kind of family background, you still jump out to show off, but what do you want to do in these hard times?

You must know that industrialization is very cost-intensive. Without the benefits of foreign colonial plunder, just relying on farming to accumulate wealth, the development speed is absolutely impressive.

Franz, who was hailed as a model monarch, could only silently express his spiritual support to his colleagues who were unintentionally deceived.

To put it simply, the attendants often write letters of encouragement to these juniors and constantly instill chicken soup for the soul.

In short, the road ahead is tortuous, but the future is bright. As long as you keep doing it, you will succeed one day.

Based on the principle of cheating one by one, Franz's reputation in the monarchy circle gradually increased, and he had a large number of believers.

As for the final outcome, this is beyond Franz's control.

As a qualified spiritual teacher, Franz is very clear about the principle of "doing too much will make you wrong, and not doing enough will make you good".

Therefore, he always only provides spiritual encouragement and does not make any specific suggestions. He euphemistically calls it non-interference in other countries' internal affairs.

It's all for free time. When he was trying to conquer the world and start a business, Franz wished that the rulers of other countries would be in a state of intoxication, let alone encourage them to struggle.

It was different now. The dominance of the Holy Roman Empire had been established. No matter how hard latecomers try, they can't change the overall situation.

Then just be a good person, encourage the younger generations to study hard, complete industrialization as soon as possible, and promote the development of human civilization.

I don't know if it's because fish eat unlucky food, but every time Franz goes fishing, he always comes in good spirits and returns disappointed.

This time was no exception. Looking at the group of jumping grandchildren, Franz knew that it would be difficult to gain anything today.

But these are all minor issues. Fishing is meant to kill time, and it doesn't really matter whether you get something or not.

"Father, the British are out to cause trouble again!"

Hearing a familiar voice behind him, Franz knew that trouble was coming again. In recent years, the secret war between Shinra and Britain has become increasingly fierce.

Today you cheat me, tomorrow I will cheat you again. Over time, the grievances between the two countries have become unclear.

Especially during the period when Frederick was in charge, the Vienna government suffered a lot. In line with the principle of paying tuition, Franz didn't bother to interfere as long as his core interests were not involved.

"Is there a problem in Morocco?"

As soon as the news spread that the Spanish government was going to sell off the Moroccan region, Franz knew that the British were going to cause trouble.

The essence of international politics is: I oppose what the enemy supports, and I support what the enemy opposes; make sure that what the enemy wants to do cannot be done.

Frederick: "That's right. The British are spreading rumors everywhere, saying that we are intimidating the Spanish government and want to seize Morocco.

Just this morning, the British Foreign Secretary publicly issued a declaration to support the Spanish government in safeguarding its own rights and interests, and suggested that the Spanish government transfer Morocco to Morocco. The region is completely under control."

Franz commented with great interest: "It seems that this British government has made rapid progress and its political methods have become more mature.

However, these small methods can only disgust people. Unless The British are willing to pay, otherwise it would be a joke to support Spain in controlling Morocco.

As long as the Spanish government's financial problems are not solved, their determination to sell Morocco will not be easily shaken. Now that they are making trouble, it is nothing more than making it easier for the Spanish to raise prices That's all.

Pay close attention, the British must have a backup plan. Warn the Spanish government and let them be wary of a revolution in the country." It is really surprising that the British government did not jump out to compete for the Moroccan region. However, considering that the British suffered similar losses before, it is not surprising that they have learned their lesson now.

As for the pressure from public opinion, it is nothing more than a price issue. As long as the price is reasonable, it is an ordinary colonial transaction.

A simple calculation shows that the Vienna government will have to pay tens of millions more Aegis for this, and the British have no reason not to do it.

Frederick said with a frustrated face: "The truth is correct, but the calculation of the British has once again reached a deadlock in our negotiations with the Spanish.

Not only has it attracted public attention internationally, but the domestic people are also very concerned about this issue. . There have even been several private fundraising committees that want to provide the money for the government.

Ever since the news spread that the Spanish government intends to sell the Moroccan region, there has been an endless stream of people coming to lobby, and I am almost bored to death. ."

Obviously, the sudden appearance of the "fundraising committee" that wants to provide money for the government is not because of how patriotic they are.

In the final analysis, it is still because of interests. The Holy Roman Empire adheres to the principle of reciprocity. How much you pay for the empire's cause will determine how much of the cake you share.

The Vienna government paid for the purchase of the Moroccan region, which was directly under the central government, and the most everyone could do was take a sip of soup.

If civil society groups pay for the purchase of Moroccan areas and complete the armed occupation, then another group of feudal nobles will rise.

The government responsible for taking the lead will only focus on a few large cities and important ports, and most of the benefits will be distributed to those who contribute money and effort.

When vital interests are involved, everyone's reaction is naturally quick. As for the money issue, there is no need to worry at all. There are many capitalists who want to cross-class sponsorship.

Financial resources + force = colonial success.

As the world is divided up, opportunities to obtain fiefdoms become increasingly rare. Every time an opportunity arises, there will be a large group of people fighting for it.

In particular, Morocco is very close to Europe and has a very good climate, which makes it even more attractive.

Franz did not show any sympathy for his son's depression. Instead, he gloated: "Just get used to it.

You will encounter many more things like this in the future. You have to learn to adapt.

When you develop a strong heart Once you understand your heart, you will find that these trivial things are just a touch of dust in life and are not a big deal at all."

Sometimes drinking more chicken soup is also very good for the body. The chicken soup of dreams that are unattainable and transcend reality is poisonous.

Although Franz's words are deceptive, if you really have a strong heart, you can really treat these troubles as dust.

After all, Frederick was the crown prince of the Holy Roman Empire. As long as he could stick to his principles, the lobbyists could do nothing.

Frederick was very depressed about this result. I originally came here to report to my father just to seek help.

No solution was found, but instead I was fed chicken soup. If he were young, Frederick would definitely be full of enthusiasm and energy to complete it.

However, Frederick, who was in his forties, was obviously past the age of enthusiasm. For the encouragement within the chicken soup, immunity has been achieved long ago. Generally speaking, he is the one who feeds others chicken soup now.

Franz did not give an answer, which means that he, the crown prince, has to make his own decision on the distribution of interests in Morocco.

Obviously, this is not an easy job. At any time, benefit distribution is the most troublesome.

Morocco is such a big area, and there are so many people watching. It is obviously impossible to satisfy everyone's appetite, and distribution is very challenging.

Frederick soon realized that he had not even gotten the Moroccan region, so he took the first step to consider the issue of benefit distribution. It was obvious that he was overthinking.

Looking at the group of little ones playing by the lake, Frederick showed envy.

Childhood is the most beautiful time, when you can have fun without thinking about anything. It's a pity that time is gone and can never be returned.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1061 The Second Roman Empire
Any conflicts and disputes are ultimately caused by interests. The British government's intervention has indeed caused trouble for the negotiations.

However, this does not change the nature of the British rhetoric. They support the Spanish government with open and closed words, but when it comes to actual actions, they use various excuses to delay.

This is the inevitable result, and there is no problem with spiritual encouragement. But if you want to spend real money to support Spain, it will cost lives.

Ever since the Russians set a precedent for defaulting on their debts, Britain has experienced many debt defaults in recent years.

Although the debtors behind were not as single as the Russians who simply defaulted on their debts, they were really short of money, and the financial institutions in London were also helpless.

Either accept debt extension or debt restructuring, but forget about normal payments anyway. It is God's blessing that these problem loans can recover their costs, so don't even think about making money.

With lessons learned from the past, British capital has also learned wisely. When lending internationally, be cautious and cautious.

Spain's current financial situation clearly does not meet the conditions for debt issuance. Unless the British government is willing to tell the truth, no one will venture into this muddy water.

Bold capitalists are worried about risks, not to mention the London government. The opposition party is not blind. If it dares to give away Britain's money for nothing, it will be giving the clues to its competitors.

After more than half a year of tug-of-war negotiations, the Spanish government, which was in financial trouble, finally recognized the reality.

On June 6, 1898, HRE Foreign Minister Weissenberg signed the "Moroccan Sovereignty Transaction Agreement" with Spanish representatives in Vienna.

With the signing of the treaty, another world record was born. In order to purchase the Moroccan area, the Vienna government gave a sky-high price of 180 million Aegis, directly setting a new record for the amount of land transactions.

You get what you pay for, and there is a reason why the Vienna government is willing to offer such a high price. In addition to the fact that Morocco is indeed important, what is more important is that it is deliberately made for European countries to see.

Anyway, the Spanish government owes a lot of debt to the Shinra, and it is about to default on its debt, and now it can be used to offset it.

After deducting the messy loans and the sky-high transaction price of 180 million, the cash the Vienna government needs to come up with is actually only more than 10 million.

The Spanish did not have the confidence to refuse. If it could not be offset by loans, the Vienna government would not be able to offer such a sky-high price.

As for the distribution of benefits, it will be decided based on the actual situation after the Moroccan region is captured.

It is worth mentioning that Frederick rejected private donations. If they have money but cannot spend it, it can only be considered that they are unlucky and have not caught up with the good times of spending money to buy titles.

Since Franz succeeded to the throne, the aristocratic management system has gradually been improved, and Austria has officially entered the era of military nobility.

In addition to military merit, if you want to become a noble, you must either reincarnate and inherit the title passed down by your ancestors; or you have made significant contributions to the country and be awarded a title by the emperor.

With the improvement of the system, the effect of krypton gold has been greatly weakened. Now the nobles of Shinra are either luck-based players or ability-based players.

The canonization of titles was decided by the emperor. Hundreds of thousands or millions would not catch Franz's eyes at all, and they could not tempt Frederick either.

The rules have been established a long time ago, and now we just abide by them. Even if someone is dissatisfied, they can only hold it in. If you want to share the benefits, then copy the guy quickly, maybe you can still catch up.

This possibility is also very small. On the day the treaty was signed, a number of civilian armed forces launched an attack on the Moroccan region. The efficiency shocked Franz.

Perhaps everyone knows that it will be increasingly difficult to obtain fiefdoms in the future, and they are unwilling to miss this opportunity. While negotiations are still ongoing, civilian armed forces are gathering in Algeria.

According to a report by the Algerian provincial government, before the outbreak of the war, there were 200,000 civilian armed forces from all over the country gathered there.

It is worth mentioning that the main force this time is not the emerging aristocrats in Africa, but mostly the established aristocrats in the country, and even the monarchs of some countries have appeared.

It's right to think about it. If you want to eat this wave of meat, you must lead your troops there in advance and wait before the negotiation ends.

This can be a high-risk business, and it is obviously not possible without financial resources. If the negotiation breaks down, or drags on for two or three years, the average person's wealth will not be able to sustain it.

The emerging nobles cannot even manage their own fiefdoms. Even if they want to send troops to join in the fun, they have no money in their pockets!
Those who have family wealth, strength, and urgent need for fiefdom are mainly the nobles of North Germany.

Although they also participated in the colonial movement, their participation time and intensity of investment were obviously a step slower than the nobles in the South German region.

One step is slow, each step is slow.

As the localization process in Africa progresses, the African fiefdom lords have an increasing voice in HRE politics.

In this context, the South German nobles, who already had the upper hand, had a higher say in the empire.

No one wants to be marginalized. Whether it is for political voice or family development, the nobles in the northern region urgently need to obtain more fiefs.

Driven by the consciousness of crisis, it is not surprising that several monarchs of small states emerged.

In name, the status of all HRE countries is equal, but in practice it is a completely different story. In addition to the name of a state, many small states are actually autonomous municipalities.

For ordinary people, there is not much difference between a state and a municipality. Anyway, they all have a high degree of autonomy, but it is different for the monarch of a state.

Now they still have one vote in the Imperial Parliament, but they do not have enough influence in the empire. Can they still keep that vote in the future?

In the history of HRE, even the elector seats could change hands, and the seats in the Imperial Parliament could naturally change as well.

If you don't want to decline, you must strengthen your own strength. If you want to expand your territory in Europe, you can't do it unless you copy the pattern of the lower half of the castle, and the marriage happens to coincide with the death of the in-laws.

That kind of probability is really too low, not much higher than the probability of buying a lottery ticket, unless you are lucky.

Rather than betting on such a small probability event, it would be easier to expand. No matter how perfect the system is, it cannot escape the wisdom of the world.

The same military merit falls on different people, and the final benefits obtained are also different.

With just one vote in the Imperial Parliament, these monarchs only need to earn some military merit as a ticket, and the rest can be taken care of by insider trading.

Politics is about interests, but it is also about human relations. The Holy Roman Empire was not only brought down with one sword and one shot, but it was also built up by the Habsburg dynasty's personal network.

Franz saw this issue very clearly. Being an emperor is never easy. You must adhere to the principles that should be adhered to, and you must be diplomatic where you can be diplomatic.

As a qualified monarch, you don't have to have a high IQ, but your emotional intelligence must not be low. Otherwise, just coordinating relationships can cause people to collapse.

Frankly speaking, Franz is lacking in this aspect. It's just that he was lucky enough to catch the last train of feudal monarchy.

This will not work in the future. With the development of the times, it is almost impossible for the monarch to keep his word. More often, he needs to coordinate the relations between all parties.

With so many people going to grab Morocco, it is obviously impossible for everyone to gain something. What's more, the central government paid for the purchase of the Moroccan region, and the land allocated for enfeoffment will also shrink.

Judging from the current situation, if nothing unexpected happens, the Vienna government will probably have no chance to send troops.

How to distribute the interests of all parties has become a challenge. There is no doubt that this challenging work became another big test for Frederick.

This is not the most difficult thing. What is even more troublesome is that the government in Vienna is about to change. All the members of the original government team are now in their 70s and 80s, and their work energy has long been unable to meet demand.

Keeping them until now is not only because Franz is nostalgic, but more importantly because of the change of power.

"One emperor, one courtier" may be a bit too absolute, but I have to admit that the ancients' words are still very reasonable.

Although this situation in Europe is not very obvious, the impact is still there.

The battle for world hegemony is about to enter its final stage. Judging from the current strength comparison between the two sides, Shinra's chances of winning are as high as 90%.

It can be said that no matter who goes up, they can gain a lot of reputation from it. With this political prestige, as long as the person concerned does not commit suicide, re-election is almost inevitable.

When Franz was in power, it was naturally not a problem for the ministers below to have high reputations. Anyway, no matter how high they were, they could not surpass him, the old emperor.

It would not work if it were left to Frederick. If you look at the current government, you will know that all the ministers below have outstanding achievements. As the regent and crown prince, Frederick must maintain enough respect when meeting them.

Nothing happened. On the one hand, these people were old and did not want to continue to toss; on the other hand, Franz was still alive and it was not their turn to act recklessly.

The average life expectancy of people these days is less than fifty years old. If there is a change of leadership, there will definitely be a group of young people. It is obviously unrealistic to find people in their 70s and 80s to put them on top.

To put it bluntly, if he met a bunch of old guys, the emperor would not dare to speak too harshly. If you accidentally provoke them and send away one or more of them, it will be a political disaster.

HRE's political system determines that the frequency of government changes cannot be too high. As long as cabinet officials in their 40s and 50s make achievements, their re-election is almost 100% guaranteed.

Although Franz's health is still good, there is no guarantee that he will survive another new generation of high-level government officials.

In order to avoid the situation where the leader is weak and the ministers are strong, Franz retained these old ministers and created this opportunity for Frederick.

The crown prince has full power to govern, including the appointment of cabinet officials. All personnel appointments were left to Frederick. It would be unreasonable if he could not even suppress the people he appointed.

Just when Frederick was worrying about the new leadership team, the media across Europe was occupied by this shocking land deal on the front page.

Economic newspapers interpreted it from an economic perspective and talked about the economic value of taking over Morocco to the Holy Roman Empire. For example: the ring railway will be re-planned again to benefit the infrastructure industry chain.

Military newspapers and magazines reported extensively on Morocco's strategic position, what locked the western gate of the Mediterranean, and what promoted the overall strategic layout...

Political newspapers focused on interpreting political values, for example: The strategy of a great power requires mutual benefit. This land transaction case has created a new The new direction of resolving international conflicts through political cooperation...

The most eye-catching thing was the entertainment newspapers. The sentence "Recreating the Roman Empire" overshadowed all hot spots and attracted the attention of people all over Europe.

There is no question of whether to kill with a stick or not. At this point, even if Shinra wants to lurk, there is no big tree that can cover his body.

Since you can't keep a low profile, then just keep a high profile. Anyway, the Moroccan region was bought back by the Vienna government at a high price, and it was not taken from Spain. There is no problem of inciting hatred.

If you look at the origin of the Habsburg crown, you will know that it was inherited from the Roman Empire. The Holy Roman Empire actually has another name in the European world - the "Second Roman Empire".

It's just that the previous "Second Roman Empire" was a bit weak, and its strength was seriously inconsistent with its title. Even the people of the Shinra were embarrassed to call it out.

With the development and growth of the Holy Roman Empire, the title of the Second Roman Empire was also accepted by more and more European people.

The Moroccan land transaction case was just an opportunity that triggered a frenzy of public opinion and made the "Second Roman Empire" well-deserved.

Franz has returned to Vienna. As the emperor, he doesn't want to mess with it. Naturally, the Vienna government can't decide to hold a "celebration" without authorization.

However, the emperor controlled the government not to hold celebrations, but he could not control the spontaneous celebrations held by ordinary people. With the media fueling the situation, the entire Holy Roman Empire was immersed in a sea of joy.

Business opportunities are coming to your doorstep, and capitalists will naturally not waste them. Various celebrations are constantly staged in the Holy Roman Empire, and the atmosphere is even more enthusiastic than Christmas.

 Rows of tall toon trees are neatly arranged on both sides, forming a unique forest landscape that leads directly to the Russian Empire's Embassy in Vienna.

The laughter and laughter outside were in sharp contrast to the desertedness here, as if they were two different worlds.

"Your Excellency, Vienna is really lively, why don't we go out for a walk together?"

Minister Moros became more and more irritable after hearing this annoying voice. You must know that there is not only one heir to the Roman Empire, but also the Russian Empire who also holds the Roman Crown.

It's just that the tsarist government's original method of obtaining the crown was somewhat disgraceful, so that it was not widely recognized by the European world.

Regardless of whether others admit it or not, the Russians have admitted it anyway. Now that the Holy Roman Empire has become the Second Rome, where does this leave the Russian Empire?

Dissatisfaction was dissatisfaction, and reason told Moros that the best thing to do at the moment was to pretend to be deaf and dumb.

As for the controversial issue of the Second Rome, it is not just a day or two. The successor recognized by mainstream European society has always been the Holy Roman Empire.

Of course, this "admission" is also in quotation marks. In the past years, almost every European country had claimed to be the heir to Rome.

It's just that the Habsburg dynasty inherited the crown of the Roman Empire, and seemed more orthodox compared to these heirs who had nothing.

Suppressing the discomfort in his heart, Moros asked coldly: "Sir Leandro, as the British Minister in Vienna, don't you need to work?"

It can be seen that he is in a very bad mood now. If it weren't for the professionalism of a diplomat, Moros would have gone crazy by now.

As an enemy, Moros knew exactly what the British minister in front of him had planned.

Moros would naturally not look good when meeting a guy who wanted to plot against him. If you don't directly chase people away, that's already very polite.

Leandro smiled slightly, as if he didn't care about the ridicule just now, and replied without changing his face: "Of course it is necessary.

But don't you think that observing the customs and customs of Vienna is also part of the diplomat's job? ?
It's so lively outside now. Let's go out and have a deeper understanding. It will also be helpful for future work. (End of Chapter)


Chapter 1062: The Central Asian Railway
is opened to traffic. It has always been Britain's national policy to sow discord between Russia and Austria. Although no substantial results have been achieved, the British government is still sparing no effort to promote it.

When it comes to patience, few in the world can compare with the British.

At this time of unprecedented changes in two thousand years, the entire human society has become impetuous. Those who can stick to a foreign policy for decades are definitely rare.

With the development of science and technology, people's patience is constantly declining, and politics is no exception.

In this era where short-term interests are increasingly valued, it is definitely not an easy task to stick to a national policy for a long time.

From this point of view, it is definitely not a fluke that the British became the hegemon in the 19th century.

As a trendsetter of the times, Britain has always pursued pragmatism. In their view, it doesn't matter whether it's a conspiracy or a conspiracy, as long as it has an effect.

Although Leandro's methods were not popular, they still aroused Moros' dissatisfaction with the Vienna government. Although this dissatisfaction will not affect the international situation for the time being, the sentiment can be accumulated.

There are always very few people who can control their emotions and remain rational all the time, and Minister Moros is obviously not one of them.

Moros, who was full of dissatisfaction, naturally had nothing good to say in his telegram to St. Petersburg.

There is no need to add fuel to the fire. The title of "Second Roman Empire" alone is enough to make Nicholas II furious.

The European world's attachment to Rome these days far exceeds the imagination of later generations. Almost every European country is trying to find ways to connect itself with Rome, as if this can make them more noble.

For Nicholas II, Rome became even more important. You must know that the Tsar's crown comes from the Eastern Roman Empire, and the Roman issue has involved the legitimacy of the Tsar's throne.

If the Holy Roman Empire, the successor of Western Rome, becomes the direct successor of the Roman Empire, then the Russian Empire, the successor of Eastern Rome, will be embarrassed.

When it comes to the issue of the crown, Nicholas II will naturally not give in.

It's just that now it's only the European media that are calling out the "Second Roman Empire", and the Vienna government has never made a clear stance on this issue.

This is embarrassing. You can't just go to Vienna to protest and ask them to change the "Second Roman Empire" to the "Second Western Roman Empire" just because the European media shouted slogans, right?

If this were really done, the whole world would be laughing. Not only does it fail to solve the problem, it actually exposes one's own guilty conscience.

After a period of depression, Nicholas II finally did nothing. However, the determination to get rid of Shinra became stronger.

In the adult world, once a rift occurs, it becomes bigger and bigger, making it almost impossible to heal.

The gap between Russia and Austria is not a problem that happened overnight. It arose as early as the time of Alexander II, and now it is nothing more than further expansion.

The only difference is that today is different from the past. The Vienna government's demand for the alliance has been declining, and the motivation to bridge the gap between the two countries is getting smaller and smaller.

 Accompanied by a resonant salute, the main line of the Central Asia Railway, which had a profound impact on Eurasian politics, was finally opened to traffic on June 16, 1899.

Anyone with a little bit of international knowledge is aware of the impact that this railway, which runs from Moscow in the west to Afghanistan in the south, will have.

The eyes of the world are once again focused on London and St. Petersburg. Compared with the strategic conflict between Britain and Russia, the small gap between Russia and Austria is not a big deal at all.

After attending the opening ceremony in person, Nicholas II quickly turned from excitement to worry.

With the opening of the main railway line, anti-British sentiment within the Russian Empire suddenly rose, and "going south to India" once again became a hot topic in society.

Compared with the enthusiasm among the people, the top officials of the tsarist government are now extremely calm.

Ordinary people only see the wealth of going south to India and ignore the risks involved. With a little guidance, they can easily lose themselves.

As high-level government officials, they must comprehensively consider the risks and benefits of going south to India and conduct a comprehensive assessment.

...

Prime Minister Sergey Witte: "The opening of the main line of the Central Asian Railway is a good thing, which will help us strengthen our control over the Central Asia region. But the sudden rise of war fanaticism in the country is problematic.

The British Our strength is not weak. We have fought against the British army. Apart from being slightly smaller in number, their army's combat effectiveness is no worse than that of the imperial army.

Britain has been operating in India for hundreds of years, and we have failed to plan Indian independence movements many times. The end also confirmed the deep-rooted British rule in the local area.

As long as the British are willing, they can easily arm millions of Indians from the local area to fight against us. We have already experienced this in the last war against the British.

Although The combat effectiveness of these colonial armies is not strong, but they cannot stand up to the large number of Indians. They are like maggots in a cesspit, and they will kill them endlessly.

Once the southward strategy is launched, it is destined to be a protracted war. The empire's financial resources are limited, and it is basically impossible to survive. It cannot support a long-term war.

Judging from the current international situation, starting the southward strategy now will easily benefit others.

If it can capture India, that's it, and the empire's work will not be in vain. I am afraid that the British will be forced to rush We will directly compromise with the Holy Roman Empire and choose to fight with us to the end."

Sergei Witte's worries are not unnecessary, India is the lifeblood of the British. The British world hegemony was essentially based on the premise of possessing India.

Without India, the British Empire's national strength would shrink by at least 40%, and its importance would be second only to the mainland. If push comes to shove, the London government may really give up its hegemony to defend India.

Just look at the colonial habits of the Vienna government. They obviously prefer sparsely populated colonies. Populous India is not their cup of tea at all.

As long as the Vienna government does not pursue the Indian region and the British are willing to give up world hegemony, there is the possibility of compromise between the two countries.

If Britain and Austria really compromised, the Russian Empire would be a tragedy. Not only did he make a wedding dress for others, but he also put himself into a dangerous situation.

The Russian-Austrian alliance can only guarantee stability on the Western Front, but it does not mean that the Vienna government will definitely support them. In the past years, Russia and Austria have been cheating each other all the way.

Foreign Minister Mihajlovic: "The Prime Minister is right. The current international situation is indeed not suitable for launching the southward strategy.

Although the main line of the Central Asian Railway has been opened to traffic, the construction of the branch railway has just begun. The Austrian assistance to us The plan has ended, and we need to do the remaining follow-up projects ourselves.

A main line alone cannot support the logistics of the army going south. Taking rash actions will only be in vain and waste precious national power.

The trouble now is , the British do not trust us at all. Since the news of the opening of the Central Asian Railway spread, the British government has repeatedly sent more troops to Afghanistan.

The number of British troops currently stationed in the border areas has exceeded 500,000, although most of these troops are colonial The pressure on our front line is still considerable.

If the British take the lead in provoking a war while we are building a railway branch line, the empire will be very passive."

Distrust is inevitable. Countless experiences tell the world that as a neighbor of furry bears, if you don't keep a high degree of vigilance at all times, you will suffer big losses sooner or later.

The conflict between Britain and Russia is no longer a day or two. Since the First Near East War (Crimean War), the relationship between the two countries has never been good.

...

The strategy of going south was opposed by the civilian group. As Minister of War, Yevgeny looked very ugly.

In his view, there are indeed risks in going south to India, but this risk is definitely not as serious as everyone says.

"British-Austrian compromise", if it were really that simple, there wouldn't be so many disputes in the world. Nothing can be simple once interests are involved.

Being a world hegemon is not just a name, it also comes with a lot of benefits. Whether it is financial gains or convenience in foreign trade, it is enough to attract people.

Such a huge benefit cannot be given up just because some politician just wants to give it up. Otherwise, there would be no battle for hegemony in this world.

You know, you know, but Yevgeny doesn't know where to start to refute. After all, talking heads has always been the strong point of civil servants.

After much hesitation, Yevgeny, who had organized his speech, said slowly: "Everyone, the risks of going south to India are certainly not small, but the benefits are even greater.

Competition in today's world is becoming increasingly fierce, and the struggle between big powers is even more intense. .In the past few decades, many powerful countries have declined in competition.

Looking through history books, we will find that the current situation is different from any time in the past. We continue to use the original old concepts to look at problems. , that would be a big loss.

At present, there are three countries in the world that can be called great powers, namely Britain, the Holy Roman Empire, and us.

The number of powerful countries is constantly decreasing, which means that the era of multi-polar coexistence is dying. If the empire does not want to become the next great power in decline, then increasing its strength has become our only option.

But now we are wavering, sometimes moving west and sometimes east, constantly dispersing our national power without even a clear strategic goal. , you will suffer a big loss if you continue like this."

Yevgeny didn't even bother to cover up his obvious accusation. It can be seen that he is quite dissatisfied with the strategies of the tsarist government in recent years.

"To the west" naturally refers to the garrison in France. In the eyes of the outside world, the tsarist government stationed troops in France mainly to extort war reparations.

However, this is only superficial. In addition to seeking profits, the tsarist government's fight to garrison Paris also had a deeper purpose - "to preserve the vitality of the French and leave an enemy to the Holy Roman Empire in Western Europe."

It's just that the plan didn't change quickly because it misestimated the execution ability of the Russian army and ignored the military discipline of Russian officers and soldiers.

Because of an unexpected conflict, the tsarist government, which originally wanted to preserve the vitality of the French, became the vanguard of suppressing France.

Either don't do it or never do it. On this issue, the tsarist government saw it very clearly.

Seeing that it failed to support the French, for its own interests, the tsarist government quickly turned to Vienna and became the vanguard of suppressing France.

A hard work, a harvest.

Although the plan to retain enemies of the Holy Roman Empire failed, the Tsarist government also benefited from the suppression of the French resistance organizations.

The top wave of talents in France had been plundered as early as the European War, but there were still many second-rate ordinary talents.

The outside world only saw the Russian army recruiting strong men in France and doing whatever they wanted, but ignored the doctors, engineers, and skilled workers hidden among the strong men...

If the Russian army hadn't been fighting hard on the front line and pretending to be sworn in with the French, With such a posture, it is simply impossible to recruit talents from France.

After a war, there was free labor to build railways, and there were also basic talents to promote the country's industrialization process.

The most critical thing is the military expenditure, which was advanced by the Vienna government. In a war to suppress France, the tsarist government actually only made people.

From this perspective, the "Westward" strategy is undoubtedly successful. In addition to being unsightly in appearance, the Russian Empire was actually profitable.

If these talents can be utilized, and by sucking the blood of the French, the industrialization process of the Russian Empire can be accelerated by at least ten years.

In comparison, the "Advance East" strategy is unsatisfactory. The Siberian Railway is under construction and is still far away from opening to traffic.

In any country, there are only a handful of talented people. The blood of the French is not unlimited. Judging from the current situation, the "Westward" strategy is about to come to an end.

What Yevgeny wanted to express was very obvious. There was no hope of continuing on the Western Front. The eastward strategy was limited by transportation and was far away. Going south was the best option in the short term.

As for staying put, waiting for the Siberian Railway to open to traffic before implementing the eastward plan. Just think about it, not every country is so patient.

Even if the top brass of the tsarist government could wait, those below could not. There is no way, India is too rich, and wealth has lost the eyes of many Russians.

The topic was raised, and everyone's mood suddenly became heavy. Although the Russian Empire does not have a tradition of subjugating superiors, it still happens from time to time that people below take matters into their own hands.

No one knows better than everyone present how bad the relationship between Britain and Russia is. Especially when the Central Asian Railway is opened to traffic, a spark on the border may trigger a war.

...

Nicholas II: "In any case, only the main line of the Central Asian Railway is currently open to traffic. In many areas along the way, a large amount of manpower is still needed to transport materials.

If a war breaks out before the construction of the branch railway is completed, we will not be able to guarantee it at all. The logistics of frontline troops. The empire has suffered many similar losses, and it must not repeat the same mistakes now.

In order to avoid the worst case scenario, the empire should do its best to avoid conflicts with the British. The military must take good care of the frontline troops, and the empire Now we can't stand the trouble."

With no way to solve the problem, Nicholas II decisively adopted the "drag" strategy. On the grounds that the construction of branch railways takes time, first stabilize the military's militant faction.

As for when the branch railway can be completed, it depends on how the situation develops.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1063 Dreadnought Ship - Roma
In order not to be benefited by others, the Tsarist government did not want to provoke a war with Britain at this time. Not to mention Britain, the center of the storm.

It's okay to go to land and start a war with a great power. When has Britain ever been so brave?

Even if they really wanted to fight, they would only have to recruit a group of cannon fodder allies and swarm them. It is impossible to do it alone.

The Tsarist government was afraid of Britain's strength, and the London government was even more afraid of the strength of the Bear. The most important thing is to go to war with the Russians. If you win, there will be little benefit, but if you lose, you may lose India.

After personally experiencing the power of the Afghan guerrillas, the British government no longer paid attention to Afghanistan.

It's a pity that these guys also bullied the weak and feared the strong. When dealing with the British and Indian colonial troops, they were no match for the two; when they encountered the unreasonable bears, the Afghan guerrillas did not have an amazing record.

This is not surprising. Although Afghanistan has strong folk customs, its local resources are poor, the land suitable for agricultural production is limited, and the population it can feed is limited.

Because of the war, the local population has become even smaller. The tsarist government deployed more than 200,000 Russian troops in Afghanistan, and the local military-civilian ratio has reached 1:10.

A Russian soldier looked at ten Afghan people and couldn't make a fuss even if he wanted to! No matter what, the combat effectiveness of the gray animals is still much stronger than that of the Indian colonial army.

If the British troops stationed in Afghanistan were the main force instead of the British Indian Army, they would not have been bullied so miserably by the guerrillas.

After all, international public opinion these days only focuses on Europe, and all countries have a tacit agreement to pretend not to see what is happening in overseas colonies.

Of course, this is just a thought. The total strength of the British Army is less than 200,000. How can it send more than 200,000 to station in Afghanistan?

Although the army is a little cheaper than the navy, it still cannot change the fact that the army is a gold-eating beast.

With the exception of the Russians, in peacetime, even the major European armies only maintained a standing army of 500,000 to 600,000 people.

If more than 200,000 troops are sent to station in an area at one time, even the Vienna government will feel the pressure, let alone the British government.

It is precisely because it cannot do so that after the situation in Europe changed drastically, the British government gave up most of Afghanistan, which was a burden, and temporarily compromised with the Russians.

Without these problems, the British would have gritted its teeth and carried on. With Britain's financial resources and the manpower of the Indian region, the Russians government will definitely be the first to be brought down.

War is the continuation of politics, and politics is the continuation of interests. Both the British and Russian governments believe that a war breaking out now is not in their own interests, so the war will naturally not be fought.

Sowing discord can only worsen the relationship between Britain and Russia, and cannot really influence the decision-making of the two governments. Even though HRE was very influential in the Tsarist government, it was not to the extent of making decisions for them.

...

Apart from being slightly disappointed that the first wave of international strategic plans he personally organized and implemented went bankrupt, Frederick was not depressed.

Provoking a war between Britain and Russia was originally a low-probability event.

Even as early as nine years ago, the Vienna government began to make preparations to help the Russians build the Central Asian Railway, which only worsened British-Russian relations and slightly increased the success rate.

Even in order to prevent their intentions from being too obvious, they evacuated the technical staff of the Austrian Railways Company as soon as the main line was opened to traffic.

However, this still didn't work. It was a conspiracy in itself, and no matter how much it was concealed, it could not change the fact that the Vienna government wanted to provoke a war between Britain and Russia.

In this context, failure is normal. It's just the beginning now, and it can only be regarded as a trial at best.

Just because the Anglo-Russian war does not break out now does not mean that it will not break out in the future. The seeds of war have been planted and are now waiting to take root.

...

In July, through the blue sky, the sun burned the earth like a big fireball, evaporating the clouds and making the sky appear extraordinarily high.

Under the scorching sun, the "Port of Trieste" seemed particularly lively today. Guards who came from nowhere surrounded the dock.

None of this affected the local people's interest in watching the excitement. It seemed to be a common sight, but it only shocked the merchants who arrived for the first time.

Seeing the increasing number of soldiers on the street, Du Chengen, who was afraid of trouble, decisively took people back to the hotel for fear of causing a huge disaster.

There is no other way. The international environment these days is quite unfriendly to Chinese businessmen, so they have to be cautious.

There is no national support behind it, and it has caught up with the most serious era of racial discrimination. Engaging in overseas trade means risking your life.

The emergence of Lanfang Autonomous Province only slightly changed this situation, but did not really reverse the situation.

There is no way, rights are always earned by oneself. As a legal country, since it has accepted Lanfang Autonomous Province, it must naturally recognize Lanfang household registration.

But this recognition is limited to the Holy Roman Empire itself. Internationally, recognition is still not high.

In other words, even if it is recognized, it will be difficult to get rid of the Holy Roman Empire. In the final analysis, it is the Chinese businessmen who have encountered problems, and the first choice is to settle the matter.

On the one hand, information transmission is inconvenient these days and it is very difficult to prove one's nationality; on the other hand, Chinese businessmen have been bullied for many years, which makes Chinese businessmen not want to deal with government officials.

When a problem arises, if you don't seek help from the embassy immediately, you will find a way to solve it yourself. Naturally, you will not be able to scare the wolf.

Against this background, more and more Chinese businessmen engaged in overseas trade chose to engage in internal trade within the Holy Roman Empire or business with Asian countries.

Anyway, the internal market of the Holy Roman Empire is large enough, and everyone is familiar with Asia, and there is enough for them to feed themselves.

Du Chengen is one of them. Originally he was only active in Southeast Asia and East Asia, and it was the first time he directly transported tea to Europe.

Despite the opening of new trade routes, Du Chengen's cautious nature has not changed. It is better to earn less than to cause trouble to yourself.

After transporting the goods to the port of Trieste, they traded directly with local tea merchants and had no intention of deeply operating in the European market.

Seeing the increase in the number of soldiers outside, the cautious Du Chengen naturally did not want to stay.

"Master, there are so many people watching the fun outside, why are you in such a hurry to leave?"

Du Chengen glared at the young sailor and scolded: "Afu, how many times have I told you, the most taboo thing about going out is Curiosity.

There are so many soldiers on the street now, who knows what will happen next. If you get involved and are shot to death, you kid won't even have time to cry." After hearing Du Chengen's words, the guide on the side became unhappy. , his country was described as a land of war and chaos.

However, for the sake of his employer, Raukol restrained his emotions and reminded slightly: "Du, you are worrying too much.

This is the Holy Roman Empire. As a country ruled by law, our army will not be casual. Shooting at civilians.

Unless you attack the military blockade or approach with weapons, the most I can do is warn you to leave.

Just watching the fun, it doesn't matter. If I guessed correctly, another large warship was launched today , the port was closed.

This is also a major feature of Trieste. If you want to see it, I can take you to the observation deck. With a telescope, you can clearly see the launch of the warship."

As a sacred One of the shipbuilding centers of the Roman Empire, warships were launched in Trieste almost every once in a while, but the dock was not closed every time.

Generally speaking, such big news will only happen when a large warship is launched, or when a big shot in the country comes in person.

Naturally, the face-conscious Laukel would not talk about the details. Right now, he just wanted to take his employers there and show off.

Realizing that he had made a mistake, the old-fashioned Du Chengen immediately made amends: "I'm sorry, Mr. Raukol. But we are really tired today, and now we just want to go back and rest.

Today's work is over, and you can move around freely for the rest of the time. Just come here before 9:30 tomorrow.

If possible, it's best to take some photos of the warship being launched so that we can see it too."

Hearing that today's "work is over", Laukel's dissatisfaction swept away. Kong immediately promised: "Don't worry, I know Trieste best, and I can definitely take the best photos."

After saying that, before Du Chengen and others could say goodbye, Raucor disappeared in a flash. Apparently, watching is far more fun than working.

Back at the hotel, Du Chengen and others happened to meet the boss, James, who was about to go out with a camera.

The old man invited enthusiastically: "Du, you came back at the right time. Did you know that a super battleship is going to be launched today? It is said to be an epoch-making warship.

I have to admit that you are so lucky to catch up with this history. moment. Now follow me and go over to witness history!"

If you are an ordinary person, you are likely to be deceived. But Du Chengen knew that this hotel owner, who was similar to Grandet, would only be so enthusiastic when facing Aegis.

He immediately refused and said, "I'm sorry, Mr. James. We have been busy all morning and are very tired now. We don't have the honor to witness history with you."

After being rejected, James did not continue to pester, but just sighed: "That's really a pity. , with only 5 Aegis, we can buy a good location and witness a scene of history."

After listening to James' sigh, Du Chengen finally understood why the previous guide and the hotel owner in front of him invited him.

Although James said it was easy, he only needed "5 Aegis". In fact, this number was already the monthly income of the bottom workers.

Even if he is engaged in international trade, after deducting all costs, Du Chengen's profit from one trip will hardly exceed one thousand Aegis.

There is no way. With the development of the times, the era of huge profits in maritime trade is slowly disappearing. In particular, the emergence of large cargo ships has greatly squeezed industry profits.

Du Chengen gave up his familiar Asian routes and ventured to Europe for trade. In fact, he was forced out by cruel market competition.

In addition to doing trade, Du Chengen's more important purpose in coming to Trieste this time was to purchase a 10,000-ton cargo ship.

As a businessman, Du Chengen never lacks vision. With the continuous development of the economy, the demand for freight capacity in maritime trade is also increasing.

But this demand is for large freighters with large transportation volumes and low unit operating costs, not for the few small and medium-sized merchant ships that are about to be eliminated by the times.

If you don't want to be squeezed out by your peers, you can only keep up with the trend of the times and purchase more advanced merchant ships in order to occupy a favorable position in market competition.

As for witnessing history, let others do it. He, a small person, should not join in the fun.

Deep down, Du Chengen was actually a little surprised. He never dreamed that the Holy Roman Empire would actually turn launching warships into a business.

It can only be said that there are always more solutions than difficulties. Although it is the world's largest economy, the budget of the Shinra Navy is still insufficient.

In order to raise military expenditures, the Navy Department also took great pains. Selling viewing tickets is just one of them.

One location has 5 Aegis. If 10,000 locations are sold, that would be 50,000 Aegis. Over time, even for the navy, it is not a small number.

There is no guarantee that the annual ticket revenue will be enough to build another warship.

As for the issue of confidentiality, if someone can discover the secrets contained in a warship with a telescope from several miles away, there is no need for the Shinra Navy to mess around.

...

As bursts of salutes sounded, Franz, who rarely appeared in public, appeared on the slipway.

After all, the world's first dreadnought was launched. It is a big temptation for any military enthusiast, and Franz is naturally no exception.

How can I be absent from the history I created?
What's more, if you don't increase the momentum, how can you put enough pressure on the British?

The emperor's personal presence was a political statement in itself. A discerning person will know at a glance that in the coming days, the Vienna government will vigorously develop its navy.

Minister of the Navy Castagni: "Your Majesty, everything is ready. Do you want to start?"

Franz smiled slightly and said: "You can preside over it, I won't go up."

Witnessing history is witnessing history, Getting on the ship to experience the launching ceremony in person was still too harsh for an emperor who was seasick.

Even if you want to satisfy your curiosity, you can still wait for the supporting facilities to be completed before going up to experience it.

Castagni breathed a sigh of relief when he heard that the emperor was not on board the ship. It is not a comfortable experience to ride on a warship that has just completed its main body construction and has no interior decoration.

If something happens to the old emperor, it will be over. No matter how healthy Franz is, he is still almost 70 years old.

In this era when a cold can kill someone, no one dares to let the emperor experience the shock of launching a warship into the water.

With the emperor's order, the launching ceremony began. As the valve was opened, the sea continued to pour into the dock and hit the hull, making a sound like rough waves.

All the staff were worried, fearing that if an accident happened to the hull at the last moment, it would cause an international joke.

Emperor Franz, who seemed to know nothing, asked with great interest: "Frederick, what do you want to name this warship?"

There was an endless debate within the Vienna government over the name of the first dreadnought. The initial plan was to name it after the emperor, but this was decisively rejected by Franz.

There is no other reason than to worry that one day it will be unlucky for the warship to be sunk in a naval battle. As the saying goes, the older you get, the more you fear death, and Franz is no exception.

Apart from this highly anticipated name, the remaining list of candidates was diverse, with no less than fifty candidates submitted to Franz alone.

If you choose too much, you will inevitably get dazzled. At this moment, Franz also faced difficulty in choosing, not knowing which one was most suitable.

No matter how much we delay, the warships are now starting to be launched into the water. Today we must choose a name and announce it to the outside world.

Franz's name was useless, and Frederick was not much better. He blurted out: "How about calling it the Holy Roman Empire?"

Hearing this result, Franz rolled his eyes and said: "Just name it after the empire." If you want to name it, you might as well call it a Roman number! At least it will be shorter and easier for everyone to call it in daily life."

"Short" and "convenient to call" have become the ultimate standards for naming, rather than considering more political significance. It is estimated that no one would believe it if it was spread out.

But now that the emperor has spoken, no one is too lazy to object. "Roma" is actually not bad. Although it is not from a political point of view, the outside world doesn't know!

As long as the publicity department does a little in-depth interpretation, they can come up with a lot of reasons and meanings, and they will definitely not fall into clichs.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1064 Subsequent Impact
The specific parameters of the "Roma" have not been announced to the outside world, but just by looking at the size of the Big Mac, everyone knows that it is a big killer.

Although being big does not necessarily mean that you have strong combat power, it is still applicable most of the time.

Generally speaking, the larger the tonnage of a warship, the more artillery and thicker armor it can install, and the greater its advantage in naval battles.

According to the displacement of 20,100 tons announced by the Vienna government, compared with all previous battleships, it is a qualitative surpass.

If all these additional tonnages are allocated to artillery and armor, it is entirely possible to massacre traditional battleships.

The people who pay the most attention to a person are not necessarily their friends, but they must have their enemies.

As each other's biggest competitors, the "Roma" attracted great attention from the British government as soon as it was launched.

In particular, Emperor Franz the Great personally participated in the launching ceremony, which brought the London government's attention to the full level.

Countless experiences have told the British that wherever Emperor Franz the Great appears in person, there will be stories.

In the past forty years, this was the second time that Franz personally participated in the launching ceremony of a warship. The last time was the launch of a steam ironclad.

...Prime Minister Robert Cecil of Downing Street : "Have you figured out the parameters of the Roma? Is it as powerful as the Austrians boasted?"

Ever since the launch of the Roma, the HRE media has set the pace.

A series of compliments such as "Naval Industrial Technology Revolution", "New Era of Battleships", "The World's No. 1 Battleship", etc. were poured out without any money.

The British media is naturally unwilling to be lonely with this kind of excitement. Coupled with the Royal Navy's fueling the situation, the threat theory of the Holy Roman Empire's navy once again resounded throughout the British Isles, and it has become a mainstream trend in society .

Recently, Prime Minister Robert Cecil was almost vomiting due to news about the threat from the Shinra Navy.

Although I don't really believe that a battleship can change the times; but the navy is the lifeblood of Britain. Before determining the specific parameters of the "Roma", Prime Minister Robert Cecil could only overestimate it as much as possible.

Navy Minister Flora: "It is not yet certain. The Vienna government monitors the shipyard very strictly, and our people cannot access the core. What is Certain at present is that the Roma abandoned the previous design concept and adopted the most radical overall design at the moment. Heavy artillery design concept.

Judging from the intelligence we have collected, the Roma will be equipped with 12 main guns, and the caliber of the artillery should not be less than 12 inches. (approximately 305mm)

In addition to heavy firepower, the Roma has also increased the armor thickness. Small-caliber artillery is difficult to pose a threat to it.

The Austrians have always been in the world's leading position in the field of power, and now they may have made a breakthrough again.

Although the displacement of the Roma has increased, its sailing speed may not Much slower than the previous battleships."

It can be seen that Flora does not have much confidence in the accuracy of this information.

In the context of being unable to get close to the dock for on-the-spot inspection, intelligence personnel can only observe from a distance and make inferences based on some gossip. The accuracy of the intelligence obtained in this way cannot be guaranteed at all .

No matter how good the intelligence is, having it is better than having none. The accuracy is not high enough, but it also has a high reference value.

For the Royal Navy, it is not afraid that the Shinra Navy will cause trouble, but it is afraid that they will not make any move.

As before, no news came out for more than ten years, making it difficult for the Royal Navy to ask Parliament for military spending.

How good it is now. Considering the importance of the navy to Britain, in the unclear background, it must be overestimated!

You don't need to think about it to know that in the coming days, the Royal Navy's military expenditure will increase significantly again.

Air Force Minister Weizscker: "The Austrians have done more than just a Roma. No matter how powerful a battleship is, it cannot reverse the gap between them and the Royal Navy.

According to the information we have collected, the Vienna government has also formulated an ambitious "Terminator Plan".

According to this plan, the Vienna government will build a large number of airports along the coasts of France and Belgium, and will eventually mobilize thousands of bombers at once to launch air strikes against the Royal Navy.

As the world's first As a powerful air force, the Holy Roman Empire has come a long way in the aviation field. Currently, the main battle bomber Eagle 2 they are equipped with has exceeded 2 tons of bombs.

According to this plan, theoretically, the Holy Roman Air Force can Sexually dropping 2,000 to 3,000 tons of bombs on us.

The explosion power of 2,000 tons of special bombs is far more powerful than 5,000 tons of high explosives. The enemy does not need any hit rate at all, and can destroy any of our ports with direct bombing.

Although our anti-aircraft firepower Not weak, but the only one that can deal with the air force is the air force. Ground anti-aircraft firepower can only serve as an auxiliary and cannot be relied upon.

Once the enemy's plan is prepared, we have no corresponding countermeasures. Not only is the Royal Navy in danger, the entire British Isles are Within the bombing range of the enemy's air force.

Compared with the enemy's hidden "Terminator Plan", the battleship Rome thrown out now is more like a cover to attract our attention.

One is their area of expertise; It is self-evident which direction to choose as the breakthrough point."

For military expenses, Weizscker also worked hard. Britain is dominated by the Royal Navy, and both the Army and Air Force are having a hard time.

Just look at the annual military budget. The military budget of the Royal Navy is 30% higher than that of the Holy Roman Empire Navy, while the budgets of the Air Force and Army are less than one-third of each other.

How much money do you have, how many things can you do.

The gap in military expenditure is directly reflected in the comparison of the strength of the two countries' militaries. The Royal Navy crushed the HRE Navy, while the Army and Air Force did the opposite.

Unlike the Army's inability to struggle, Weizscker felt that the Air Force could still be saved. Even if you can't catch up with your competitors, you still have to be able to protect yourself, right?

In this context, regardless of whether the "Terminator Plan" was true or not, Weizsacker used it as if it were true.

In order to obtain military funds from Parliament in Britain, a "need" alone is obviously not enough, and a good story must also be prepared.

The Vienna government's Terminator Plan is undoubtedly a good story. Not to mention that it can win everyone's consent, but there is still hope of fooling most congressmen.

In order to gain the support of the cabinet, Weizscker proposed it at the cabinet meeting in advance so as not to have to fight alone later.

It is easy to fool a layman who has no military knowledge, but it is difficult to fool an expert. Although everyone present is not a military expert, they still have basic common sense.

Navy Minister Flora immediately retorted: "As Minister of the Air Force, Your Excellency is really humbled. You should write science fiction, I believe you will get good results.

Mobilize thousands of bombers, if the Vienna government is desperate, I believe they do have However, it is ridiculous to concentrate on bombing the same target.

Taking off from the same airport is obviously unrealistic. Taking off from multiple airports will cost lives just to do the work. One of the disadvantages is the large-scale collision in the air.

Not to mention the bomber carrying capacity . Although the amount of bombs is large, their own combat effectiveness is not very good. Without combat escort, they will die just to bomb. If you want to ensure the safety of thousands of bombers, you need a similar number of fighter groups. So many Even if the aircraft come in batches for bombing, I am afraid it will be difficult to complete the dispatching work.

Even if it is really completed, with such a dense group of aircraft, our air defense firepower will achieve great results.

The enemy's plan wants to be completed , the prerequisite is that we were not prepared in advance and were successfully attacked by them.

As long as we strengthen our vigilance and do not leave any opportunities for the enemy to take advantage of. As an air defense warning in advance, we can completely let the enemy target our terminator plan and turn it into theirs. His own Terminator plan.

As for whether the battleship Roma is a cover used by the enemy, we will know in a few months. Everything can be deceived, except the combat effectiveness of warships."

Noisy, the Navy and the Air Force fought over Awesome, the Army is also unwilling to be left alone.

War Secretary Skyebrough had just organized his speech and was about to join the battlefield. Prime Minister Robert Cecil preempted the opening and said: "Okay. If you keep arguing, this meeting will turn into a debate contest.

I know the Navy It's very important, and the air force is also very important. Let's get this done!

I called you here today mainly because the Holy Roman Empire is restless again.

We must take precautions and prepare targeted plans in advance; we are not going to listen to you competing for military funds.

As for On the issue of military spending, if you have the ability, go ask Parliament for it yourself. If you don't, don't yell at me here. It's useless! This is true. It is Parliament that determines the British military budget. Although Robert Cecil, the Prime Minister, has a lot of power, The right to speak, but not the final say.

The navy and air force are very confident. Now that they have the Holy Roman Empire as a target, they are sure to get military spending from parliament.

Only Skyebrough was miserable, and the British Army was really unpopular. That's all. The worst part is that I can't even make up stories now.

From beginning to end, the British Army only had "defending India" and "defending British Africa", and these two themes can be extended.

However, the current international situation is very obvious. The Russians are not ready to go south for the time being, and the story of "Defending India" ends first.

Although the story of "Defending British Africa" can be told, it is a pity that no one has confidence!
Almost all MPs believed that once a war broke out with the Holy Roman Empire, British Africa would be the first to fall.

Since nothing can be saved, it would be better to invest resources in other areas to increase Britain's advantages.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1065 Strategic Choice
The British Army, Navy and Air Force are competing for military spending, and Shinra is no exception. The outside world doesn't know the parameters of the Roma, but high-level officials in the Vienna government know it!

Displacement: 20,100 tons Length: 169.6m Width: 26.3m Draft: 8.7m Speed: 20.5 knots Endurance: 10 knots/hour, 6500 nautical miles Main engine: 2 sets of transmission steam turbines/4 shafts Main boiler: 18 mixed-fired water boilers Power: 23,000 horsepower Armament: 6 305mm 45x caliber twin guns (one in front and one in rear, two on each side, forming a hexagon), 16 120mm 45x caliber single guns, 450mm underwater torpedo tubes 2 armors: 255 mm on the side, 76 mm on the deck, 230 mm on the gun mount, 280 mm on the front of the turret, and 280 mm on the command tower.
Crew: 863 people ...

Compared with previous traditional battleships, the firepower of the "Roma" is really much higher. Too powerful. In the age of cannons and giant ships, strong firepower equaled strong combat effectiveness.

After finally gaining an advantage on the track, the Admiralty was naturally unwilling to let the British overtake them. In order to expand this advantage, the Navy proposed an ambitious replacement plan.

That is: within five years, build 25 super battleships similar to the "Roma" to seize maritime hegemony from the Royal Navy.

There is nothing wrong with it in theory. 25 dreadnoughts can indeed sweep the current Royal Navy. Even folding it in half can be done.

The prerequisite is "now". The British are not fools. They cannot watch themselves being surpassed and will definitely take corresponding measures.

The birth of the dreadnought is not an epoch-making development in technology, but more of a conceptual breakthrough.

In the field of emerging technologies, Shinra does have an advantage, but this does not include shipbuilding technology.

The Royal Navy's annual military expenditure is not in vain. In the field of warship construction technology, the British are still at the forefront of the times.

As long as the London government is willing to spend money, it can build its own "super battleship" in at most two years. The Admiralty's plan was nothing more than a speed competition with the British.

Anyway, Shinra has a test ship. What we need to do now is to make slight technical improvements on the basis of the "Roma" to achieve replicative industrial production.

In terms of time, the Holy Roman Empire is at least a year and a half ahead of its competitors, and this advantage can continue to be enlarged in the subsequent competition.

Although the British shipbuilding technology is advanced, warships involve not only shipbuilding, but also industrial cooperation.

As the world's largest industrial power, the Holy Roman Empire can definitely beat the British in terms of comprehensive industrial strength.

Once the industrial chain is activated, not to mention how advanced the technology is compared to the British, at least it will definitely have an advantage in terms of production capacity.

I dare not say that if the British built one, Shinra could build two. However, the shipbuilding industries of both countries have started working together. At the same time, Shinra will definitely be able to build more warships than the British.

Now that the naval technological revolution has broken out, everyone has been brought to the same starting line. Shinra is even slightly ahead. Naturally, everyone is not willing to let go of such a good opportunity.

There is no doubt that shipbuilding cannot be separated from money. As a test ship, the "Roma" took many detours during the construction process, and the final cost was 4.976 million Aegis.

If ships are built in large quantities, the cost will definitely come down; but warship technology has always been more and more advanced, and each shipbuilding will optimize the previous technology, which also requires costs.

This means that even with large-scale shipbuilding, the average cost of each "super battleship" will still not be less than 4 million Aegis.

25 super battleships require at least 100 million Aegis. For shipbuilding alone, the Navy will have to increase its budget by 100 million Aegis. So what will the Army and Air Force do?
Although the Holy Roman Empire's military expenditure is increasing every year, this increase is basically linked to the economy, and military expenditure is basically limited to about 30% of fiscal revenue.

This ratio is no longer low. Even though the Holy Roman Empire had two levels of finance: the central government and the state government, there were also a large number of central government jurisdictions.

The central government does not need to bear too many obligations for the internal construction of the state, but the infrastructure, livelihood projects, and administrative costs of the directly-administered regions are all indispensable.

Of course, the fact that the ratio is not low is mainly Franz's opinion. Compared with other countries in the world, the proportion of HRE's military expenditure is really not high, and it is lower than 90% of the countries in the world.

Due to productivity constraints, many countries' military expenditures account for more than half of their fiscal revenue. Only countries that have completed industrialization can reduce this ratio.

Whether the proportion of military expenditures is high or not, it cannot change the fact that the Holy Roman Empire ranks first in military expenditures in the world. The annual military expenditure consumed by Shinra exceeds the gross national product of most countries in the world.

If the current pace of development continues, I am afraid that in less than ten years, Franz will feel like the American emperors of later generations. His family's military expenditure exceeds the sum of the following two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight...

In fact, you can feel this way now. If nothing else happens, starting next year the Vienna government's military expenditure will exceed the sum of the following two years, three and four years.

No matter how much money you have, you can't withstand the disaster of the gold-eating beast in the army. According to past practice, the military expenditure ratio of the army, navy and air force is usually 4.6:3.7:1.7.

Apparently, this is a thing of the past. Both the Navy and the Air Force are dissatisfied with their own military expenditure ratios, and now they are joining forces to bombard the Army.

...

Minister of the Navy Castagny: "The French have been destroyed. Even if they are loosened now, they will not pose a threat to us in a hundred years.

The Russians are our allies, and their economic lifeline is also In our hands, the threat from the Eastern Front does not exist at all.

Since the victory of the Anti-French War, we have no enemies on land. Throughout the world, we have only one enemy-Britain.

To deal with the British, we need The Navy, Air Force, and Army continue to seize a large amount of resources. This is a complete waste of taxpayers' money."

Air Force Secretary Conrad: "Your Excellency is right. The Army has too many resources, which has seriously hindered the empire's development. ..."

Minister of War Feslav interrupted: "You two, please pay attention to your words. Don't forget that the Holy Roman Empire is a land-based country, and our foundation lies on the land. What determines the rise and fall of an empire has never been its vastness. The ocean, but our homeland spanning three continents of Asia, Europe, and Africa.

To defend such a vast territory like ours, what if the army is not strong enough?

On the contrary, your navy and air force are enough. As long as you can defend the Mediterranean, the rest Leave everything to us!

The War Department has formulated a complete plan. If the government decides to overthrow the British hegemony, we can cross Persia and enter India at any time."

As a country with land power, there is nothing wrong with focusing on developing the army. The only problem was that the Holy Roman Empire had lost its land threat.

France is really ruined. If history could repeat itself, it is estimated that the French would not surrender even if they were killed.

Compared with the disasters after the war, the hard times during the European War were nothing at all. At that time, the food was poor at most, but now it is not enough to eat at all, or there is no food at all.

The number of people who died after two years of fighting on the battlefield was far less than the number of people who died at the hands of the Allied forces after the war. To be precise, after production was destroyed, they were forced to become homeless, and finally died of illness or starvation on the road.

Other countries are also struggling. For example, the garrisons in Belgium, Sardinia, Tuscany and other countries are no less capable than the Russian army in doing things.

Driven by the power of hatred, these anti-French vanguards often did more brilliantly than the Russian army.

It's just that the territory they occupied in each zone was not large, and their own sense of presence was too weak, so the limelight was stolen by the Russians.

Just look at the direction in which the French are fleeing. Either run to Switzerland, Spain, or Shinra. No one dares to run to Belgium and Italy.

There is no way, the hatred forged in the past is too deep, don't expect others to help you if you run over.

Including those running to Shinra, they have to take a detour, and they simply don't dare to pass through Luxembourg, Rhineland and other regions.

The local people were also the vanguard of the anti-French movement. The Vienna government had previously raised a batch of relief food and prepared to send it to France for disaster relief. However, it was intercepted by the people in the Rhineland.

In the end, the Vienna government changed its mind and decided to give it to the Russian army as military rations, and the flow of goods was smooth in an instant.

So many people want the French to be destroyed. France will be as miserable as it is after the war.

Many countries in the anti-French alliance followed suit and endorsed it. The international community only verbally condemned it, but then nothing happened.

Without France, the Holy Roman Empire lost its land threat. As for the Russian Empire, it ceased to be a threat decades ago.

Not to mention starting a war with Shinra, even if trade is interrupted, the Tsarist government may collapse.

Without the big buyer HRE, the mining industry and agriculture of the Russian Empire would collapse.

Even if you want to open up new markets, you can't find such a big buyer in the international market. In many fields, HRE has formed a virtual monopoly.

Although Shinra is equally uncomfortable, there are alternatives. The worst case scenario is to open up mining restrictions and let in African food. The processing and manufacturing industry will not survive.

Without the threat, the Army continues to occupy the most resources, which is very annoying. If it weren't for the army's impressive military exploits and its strength within the empire, it might have been unable to withstand the pressure long ago.

Even so, the Army is often criticized in the annual competition for military expenditures. Not only did the navy and air force criticize them, but they were also criticized constantly within the government.

No matter how scolded it is, it will be criticized, and no matter what, the Army will not let go of the benefits it has obtained.

On this issue, Franz mostly pretended not to see it. There is never a simple right or wrong in politics. The emperor's first task is to balance the forces of all parties.

The dominant structure of the Shinra Army has lasted for many years, and it has only changed in recent years.

For specific reference, you can refer to the proportion of military expenditures. When Franz took over the throne, the army's military expenditures accounted for more than 90% of all military expenditures, and it has slowly dropped to the current 46%.

Since the navy and air force jumped out to cause trouble, why should he, the emperor, be a bad guy? Once they are done arguing, the final distribution of military spending will be decided based on the outcome of the argument.

Although cutting meat with a dull knife is not a good option, sometimes it is the only option. It would be truly irresponsible to cut off the army's military expenditures immediately.

Whether it is disarmament, reduction of staffing, or finding ways to increase revenue and reduce expenditure, time buffer is needed.

Therefore, the proportion of the Army's military expenditure in the national defense budget has been declining year by year, but the specific amount of military expenditure has never been reduced. Instead, it has been increasing year by year, but the growth rate is slower than that of the Navy and Air Force.

Despite the intense competition now, the real competition is still for new military expenditures, rather than the nearly fixed expenditures before.

In order to change the passive situation, the Army will naturally not be idle. The Navy has the "Super Battleship Plan", the Air Force has the "Terminator Plan", and the Army can naturally also have the "India Plan".

Regardless of how difficult it is to implement, something is better than nothing. Anyway, the success rate of the plans of the Navy and Air Force may not be that high.

The strategic plans of the army, navy and air force have been released, and now it is time for the top leaders of the Vienna government to have a headache. Who to support and who to oppose is a question that can make people bald.

At first glance, any one of the three major strategic plans can bring down the British; upon closer inspection, you will find that these three major strategic plans are just plans. Completing any of these plans requires the investment of significant resources.

...

Seeing that it was getting late, Franz stood up impatiently, waved his hands and said: "Let's go here today, and come over tomorrow to continue.

I hope you can come up with a more adequate and responsible plan instead of drawing a picture for me. A piece of pie that can be seen but cannot be eaten."

In fact, Franz was already secretly congratulating himself that he was not lazy this time. If this trouble had been left to Frederick, it is estimated that this strategic line dispute would have turned into an all-out force.

It is obvious that the Army does not intend to give in anymore this time. It is simply unrealistic to rely on pressure from all parties to get the Army to make concessions.

If push comes to shove, it would be great fun if the Ministry of War breaks the news and invites people across the country to participate in the discussion.

In politics, no one can be sure. Compared with the Air Force and Navy, the Army has much higher support among civilians.

Let ordinary people take this multiple-choice question. It is estimated that 80% of them will choose to fight all the way from Persia to India and cut off the lifeblood of the British.

In addition, 19% of the people are moderates and they will invite the Russians to send troops to India. As for less than one percent of people, they may support the navy or air force.

This is determined by performance. The army has brought enough confidence to the people through its victories in the past.

Although the Air Force has also performed well, the power of the Air Force these days is obviously not strong enough to give everyone enough confidence.

Not to mention the navy, which has always been a scapegoat, not to mention the ordinary people. Even Franz didn't think that the Shinra Navy could defeat the British Royal Navy.

If you can't win a decisive battle head-on, why can't you think of a roundabout way?
Anyway, the gateway to the Mediterranean has been obtained, and the Shinra Navy can attack from the east and west directions, making it impossible for the British to take care of both ends.

Anyway, running the inner circle in the Mediterranean is faster than the British running the outer circle. Unless the Royal Navy can have more than twice the tonnage of the Shinra Navy, it will directly block the door.

To achieve this, it seems that it is still not enough. At this time, the strategic position of the Strait of Gibraltar was once again reflected.

The Vienna government can deploy its air force in Morocco to complete the door-locking plan; the British can also operate Gibraltar into a giant aircraft carrier.

There are planes in the sky, submarines in the water, and a wave of mines are being laid from time to time. The Strait of Gibraltar can also be locked.

If you can't go out from the west gate, if you can only go out from the east, you'll be passive. At that time, the only thing we can really do is cooperate with the army, and then join forces with the Russians, and the two families will fight from Afghanistan and Persia to India respectively.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1066: Problem Warship
After sending everyone away, Franz's tense face instantly softened. It was obvious that he wasn't really angry.

It is natural for the army, navy and air force to compete for military expenditures, and this is also part of the balance of power. If the army, navy and air force can no longer compete, then that is the real problem.

Seeing that Franz was not angry, Frederick asked with concern: "Father, which of the three options proposed by the military just now do you prefer?" It had nothing to do with curiosity, Frederick really couldn't make up his mind. , have absolutely no idea who to support.

On the surface, the strategic plans proposed by the army, navy and air force are very maneuverable. The success of any plan could bring the Holy Roman Empire to its peak.

All of them are "high-quality strategies". It is impossible to analyze the advantages and disadvantages at all, but it makes the choice more difficult.

"Is this important?"

Franz asked rhetorically.

As if his soul was being tortured, "Is this important?" kept flashing in Frederick's mind. It seems important, and it seems not important at all.

The Shinra military is still qualified. Although the three proposed plans have their own shortcomings, in the end they all reach the same goal.

No other competitors have grown up. As long as the British are unseated, Shinra will be the unique world hegemon.

After a while, Frederick slowly replied: "I understand."

Looking at his son who looked cautious, Franz smiled and said: "No, you don't understand. In fact, we have no choice at all.

Politics It is never about winning or losing based on right or wrong. Perhaps adopting a strategy alone can win at the minimum cost, but we must consider the actual situation.

In the past few years, the Army was the dominant force. In order to balance the strength of the military, I supported the Navy spun off the Air Force and established the current triangular system of checks and balances.

Now the Navy and the Air Force combined can barely compete with the Army, and at the same time they have touched the Army's bottom line.

No matter how they make concessions, they cannot let the Navy take it. It is the pride of the Army to have military expenditures equal to theirs.

You should know how influential the Army is. The establishment of the Holy Roman Empire was basically the result of the Army.

Overseas fiefdom lords and emerging farmers, More than 90% of them are from the Army, and more than seven levels of government bureaucrats have served in the Army.

Not to mention the civilian population. Our compulsory military service law targets the Army. The Navy and Air Force are both technical arms. It is simply impossible for everyone to serve.

With so many supporters, it is impossible for the Army to lose. As long as they insist on not giving in, even if the Air Force and Navy join forces, it will have no effect.

We cannot personally go to the side and try to sidestep the situation. Right?"

The emperor personally came off the field to correct the situation, just like the referee came off the field to play football. Just think about it, no mature monarch would do this.

Even before supporting the navy and diving the air force, it was the cabinet that charged. From beginning to end, Franz never took part personally, let alone now.

Perhaps for the army, navy and air force, this competition for military expenditures is of vital importance and is related to their development in the next ten years.

But for the emperor and the Holy Roman Empire, no matter which option was chosen, the final outcome was doomed.

This is determined by comprehensive national strength. Today, the qualitative gap between Shinra and Britain has widened.

Including colonial citizens, the total population of the Holy Roman Empire has reached 160 million, with 120 million in Europe alone.

On the other hand, in Britain, the three British islands combined only have more than 30 million people, and including the citizens of overseas colonies, the total population is only just over 40 million.

Of course, if you include the colonial natives, this ratio is reversed. India alone has 300-400 million people. The entire British Empire controls a total population of more than 500 million people, while the HRE has less than 180 million people.

It is true that the jurisdictions of the British Empire have a large population, but unfortunately their utilization rate is not high. Primitive colonial rule was good for collecting wealth, but it was far from enough to enhance national power.

If you compare the data, you will know that the total economic output of the Holy Roman Empire is one-fifth higher than that of the entire British Empire (including colonies), and its total industrial output is 2.5 times that of Britain.

This is just the beginning, and as time goes by, this gap continues to widen.

If such a huge advantage can be lost in the end, Franz doesn't have to mess around.

In addition to deliberately expressing dissatisfaction, in addition to beating the military, the most important thing is that Franz hopes that the military can compromise with each other.

Unless the British admit defeat in advance, no matter which strategy they choose, they will need the cooperation of the land, sea and air forces in the future. It is nothing more than a matter of priority.

Even if it is a compromise between the three armed forces, simultaneous development will waste a lot of financial resources, Franz recognized it.

This is the helplessness of big countries. In order to balance the interests of all parties, almost every big country will face the problem of waste of resources.

...

The competition for military expenditures continues, but the new "Roma" ran into problems first. After the armaments and supporting equipment were completed, everyone suddenly discovered that the "Roma"'s ability to withstand wind and waves was very average.

There is nothing surprising. Almost all test ships have problems of one kind or another. A perfect product produced in one go is not suitable for warships.

There has always been a saying in the navy that "the design is advanced but the construction is lagging behind."

The "Roma" is considered good. At least it will still maintain the world's leading level after it is completed. The British "super battleship" is still under design, and other countries have no interest in following suit.

Although it has insufficient ability to withstand wind and waves and has a few minor problems, it cannot conceal the powerful combat effectiveness of the "Roma", at least it is powerful enough in the Mediterranean.

Being caught, the Army naturally took advantage of the situation. As long as it is proven that the "Roma" does not have the capability of ocean warfare, the Navy Department's super battleship plan will have no choice but to die.

It's a pity that Franz is already familiar with this little trick and doesn't give everyone a chance to speak: "Block the news. Let's stop the problem of the Roma's defects and there will be no need to talk about it in the future.

The ability to withstand wind and waves is not enough. It does not affect its use in the Mediterranean. When the Navy arranges tasks, just pay attention and prevent it from leaving the Mediterranean.

Follow-up publicity will continue, as long as the world cruise item is removed.

The exploration of new technologies is inherently full of uncertainty. We can still bear this risk."

Originally, the Shinra Navy had the reputation of the "bathtub navy", and Franz didn't mind making it well-deserved. If the British want to see a joke, let them see it first.

If you think about it differently, being able to use the Mediterranean as a bathtub is another achievement.

Throughout human history, which country that treats the Mediterranean as a bathhouse is not awesome?

As long as it does not leave the Mediterranean Sea, the "Roma" is a genuine super battleship. Whether it's to prop up the facade or to scare people, everything can be arranged properly.

Deep down in his heart, Franz had already made up his mind. He would not let the "Roma" go to the battlefield unless it was really necessary.

After all, it is a test ship, and no one knows how many pitfalls it has encountered. For details, you can refer to the first-generation dreadnoughts from various countries in the original time and space. They were all pitfalls in various styles.

A century-old navy does not mean that the navy must develop for hundreds of years, but naval warships need to spend a hundred years constantly stepping on pitfalls and mines, and accumulating various experiences and lessons.

For Franz, as long as the test ship is unsinkable and can go to sea normally, it is qualified. As for other problems, we can wait for the second and third generations to improve.

Although Franz's words prevented in-depth investigation of responsibility, the "Super Battleship Plan" of the Navy Department was the first to fail.

Everyone can tolerate a "Roma" that cannot leave the Mediterranean, but if we build more than 20 ships at once, no one can accept it.

Even if the Navy Department repeatedly assured that similar problems would not occur in subsequent warships, no one dared to accompany them in the adventure.

Of course, the Roma is not without its merits. At least the combat effectiveness is really strong. As long as it can avoid bad wind and weather, it is still the king in naval battles.

In the end, the Navy Department's "twenty-five ships in five years" super battleship plan was cut down to "five ships in five years," taking the lead in being eliminated from this battle for military spending.

Looking at Castagni's unwilling look as he left, Franz knew that the matter was not over yet. He estimated that when the problem was solved, the Navy would propose the "Super Battleship Plan" again.

With the Royal Navy as a competitor helping to set the stage, I believe this day will not come too late.

 Reducing the scale of shipbuilding does not mean reducing propaganda efforts. As the brightest "baby" this year, "Roma" is still the darling of the media.

After the supporting facilities were completed, the "Roma" started wandering around the Mediterranean, constantly visiting countries along the Mediterranean under the guise of exchanging experiences.

Every time we visit a country, a joint military exercise is indispensable.

The most difficult thing was for the newly independent Italian states to conduct joint exercises with a small destroyer of more than 1,000 tons and the "Roma" of more than 20,000 tons. The scene was simply...

If it weren't for the different flags flying, it would probably be... Everyone will regard them as followers, and it is impossible to believe that this is a joint military exercise.

There is no way. In order to increase the popularity, the Vienna government must do this. Only after building momentum was the British Parliament willing to allocate funds to the Royal Navy.

Thinking so carefully about the enemy makes me drunk just thinking about it. However, in order to consume the British national power, Franz decided to do it.

Regardless of whether the Shinra Navy can surpass the British in the era of dreadnoughts, at least in this wave of warship replacements, the British losses were more than 70% greater than the Shinra navy.

Who gave them more warships?
In this era of naval technological revolution, whoever has more warships will suffer the greatest losses.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1067: Not Giving a Chance (Large Chapter)
With the commissioning of the "Roma", the smell of gunpowder in the world suddenly became stronger. The relationship between the two giants, Shinra and Britain, is tense. All countries are terrified, fearing that they will accidentally get involved and be smashed to pieces.

Then, an interesting scene occurred. After the Vienna and London governments announced their shipbuilding plans, kicking off a naval arms race, countries around the world turned a deaf ear.

Not to mention following the construction of "super battleships", even conventional warships rarely have national projects. It seems that everyone has made up their mind to fight this "arms competition" by ignoring it.

It makes sense to think about it, the advantages of Shinra and Britain have long been established. The naval strength of any country is stronger than that of the countries ranked third, fourth, fifth and sixth combined.

The gap is so huge that no matter how hard you struggle, it's useless, so just accept your fate. You can't turn the tables anyway, so why bother trying to make yourself miserable?
The most important thing is that everyone wants to follow the trend, but there is no way to do so. Britain and HRE have strong industries and can build super battleships, but that does not mean that other countries can also.

Leaving aside other issues, everyone is unsure about the photodynamic system.

Even though the power system of the "Roma" has reached 23,000 horsepower, you would think that the power technology has been very developed. In fact, the power system used by most warships does not reach 10,000 horsepower.

The South Carolina-class battleships built by Americans in the original time and space were equipped with compound steam engines with only 16,500 horsepower.

That was already ten years later. At this juncture, only Britain and Shinra had made breakthroughs in steam turbine technology.

If the power cannot keep up, it means that the speed cannot keep up. When you win, you can't catch up with the enemy, and when you don't win, you can't outrun the enemy. The Snail-class battleship has no meaning at all except a waste of resources.

Not only is the power technology not up to standard, but a series of technologies such as armament, fire control, and armor are all problems that hinder everyone from entering the era of dreadnoughts.

Of course, if a country has a lot of money and doesn't care about losses and costs, it can still make money by throwing money at it.

It is a pity that it is 1900, which is not suitable for the survival of wealthy people at all. With deep pockets and backward technology, it is a meal for the great powers and has no chance of spending money for development.

Without followers, this arms race becomes eclipsed. Franz, who originally wanted to make a fortune by exporting dreadnought technology, was greatly disappointed.

There is no way, countries around the world are still too poor these days. I simply couldn't afford such an expensive toy, so I could only let the two wealthy people from England and Austria play with it.

Even the ambitious Tsarist government fell silent after learning about the construction cost of the "Roma", let alone other countries.

I don't know if it was because no one came to support the performance, which disappointed the two performers in Britain and Austria. In the following competition, the two governments spent more time talking and taking less practical actions.

The situation where today you announced the construction of two ships, tomorrow I announced the construction of three ships, and the day after tomorrow you announced the construction of four ships, did not happen.

The Vienna government announced a "five-ship" shipbuilding plan in five years, and the London government only came up with a "seven-ships in five years" plan. Counting the "Roma" already in service, the gap between the two countries is only one.

The British pressed forward, but did not gain an absolute advantage. After all, the HRE Navy is mainly based in the Mediterranean and has geographical advantages.

The two governments maintained "restraint" in the competition, which greatly disappointed and relieved the melon-eaters.

There are many people who want misfortune for Britain and Austria, but there are not many who want the two countries to go to war immediately. Especially the small countries in Europe are even more worried that the two "demons fighting" will harm mortals like them .

The scene was not intense enough. In the final analysis, the competition between Britain and Austria was not intense. The conflicts between the two countries mainly revolve around hegemony, and the core interests focus on currency.

The world currency dispute between Aegis and Pound started twenty years ago. Although the winner has not been determined, the scope of their respective interests has been basically delineated.

Generally speaking, the European continent, Africa, the Middle East, Southeast Asia and other regions are the circulation areas of Aegis; while the Americas, South Asia, the Far East and other regions are dominated by the British pound.

In addition to the competition for currency hegemony, Britain and Austria also had conflicts in overseas trade, but the competition was not so fierce.

Because of the industrial structure, the current trade pattern is: British industrial and commercial products dominate traditional fields such as the textile industry; while HRE has the upper hand in emerging industries, agricultural product processing and other fields.

As for the colonial disputes, they are not worth mentioning. The HRE did not expand into India, nor did the British expand their sphere of influence in Africa, nor did they break through the other side's bottom line.

Conflicts can accumulate. If the current conflict of interest is not big enough, it does not mean that the future conflict of interest will not be big enough.

Time is on his side, Franz has enough patience to wait, it is the British who should be anxious.

Of course, given Britain's special system, it is estimated that the top officials of the London government will not be too worried.

"Potential threat" is still "potential" after all. For politicians, everything is negotiable as long as they don't explode during their term.

It doesn't matter who is in power. Continuing the glory of the Victorian Era is far more important than breaking the window paper in advance and eliminating potential threats.

The main reason is because of the Holy Roman Empire. This "potential threat" poses too great a threat to Britain, just like a person suffering from "terminal cancer".

It is easy to get on the operating table, but difficult to get off the operating table. Of course, if you win the bet, you can live a few more years, but it is more likely that you will just lie down on the hospital bed and spend the rest of your life.

On the contrary, conservative treatment can keep you alive for a while. Although it will definitely be over later, that is what happens later.

The times are developing so fast, and medical technology may suddenly make a breakthrough in the last few months.

This is probably what the current British government thinks. On the one hand, he is thinking of ways to contain and suppress Shinra, but on the other hand, he does not want to directly break his face. He is waiting for the international situation to change.

...

No matter how many calculations there are, life has to pass. The cabinet government that has been in charge of the Vienna government for more than 20 years finally came to an end this year.

This time there is no need for Franz to retain him. His old body no longer allows these veterans to continue fighting for the empire, so a change of leadership is necessary.

"Government change" is a major event in any country, and Shinra is no exception.

In a sense, the fact that arms competition has not expanded is not unrelated to this change of leadership.

Before the new leadership team came out, the Vienna government's first task was to sort out its internal affairs, and it had no time to make trouble everywhere.

This article also applies to the UK. A few months ago, the London government just completed a general election. It's just that this time the British didn't bother, and the guys in the London government won re-election.

...

Vienna Palace, Franz is enjoying art in the cultural relics exhibition hall. Of course, this is the view of outsiders. As far as Franz is concerned, he feels that "arty" is more appropriate.

"Art", such a noble thing, is simply not something that ordinary people can taste. Franz even suspected that this thing was deliberately devised by the elite as a way to harvest the leeks of the nouveau riche.

Suspicions remain suspicions, but Franz has no intention of going into details. As the top of the ruling class, he has great tolerance for anything that is conducive to rule.

Although he lacked artistic talent and his creative talent was average, this did not prevent Franz from becoming a great artist.

Thanks to the emperor's special status, as long as his name is attached, whether it is calligraphy, painting, or other handicrafts, they will become works of art.

Franz has no doubt that his graffiti works will fetch sky-high prices if he sells them.

Just think about it, as a wealthy emperor, Franz has not yet been reduced to selling his works to make a living. Even if some works occasionally get lost, they are given away.

Things are more valuable when they are rare. Once the quantity of any artwork becomes large, it becomes worthless. Being worthless is a trivial matter, the key is to get down to it.

As the emperor, Franz could not care about the price of his works, but he must not lose the quality.

Seeing Franz waving pen and ink leisurely and practicing calligraphy on paper, Frederick came in a hurry and felt bad instantly.

He, the crown prince, is almost busy with the government change, but the rightful owner is like a normal person. Anyone who changes his position will feel unbalanced.

There's nothing he can do about it if he's not balanced. "Exercise your abilities" is enough to block all his words.

Before he had time to rest, Frederick said breathlessly: "Father, this is the final list of candidates. There are forty-six people in total, and there are three to five candidates for each position in the cabinet." "

Yeah!"

"Put it down first. , find a place to rest by yourself, wait until I'm done."

Franz replied casually.

"Okay."

The scene before him forced Frederick to accept the reality: the diligent emperor of the past no longer existed.

Recalling his past memories, Frederick suddenly discovered that deep in his memory, it seemed that he had never seen his father busy.

Even if you occasionally need to work overtime, it is still a special period. In normal times, Franz adheres to the four-hour work system and takes irregular vacations.

It's just that Frederick has never been able to figure out why such a leisurely father would actually become a representative of "diligence".

After a while, the masterpiece was finally completed. Franz put away his pen, stretched his shins, and then opened the file and started browsing.

"It's okay. The candidate's information is complete enough, and the evaluation given is also very pertinent. There are no fake people sneaking in.

It seems that you have done a good job in your usual homework. These candidates are all top-notch in terms of political performance and political skills. Whoever you like more , just put their name in front, and they will be directly nominated for election at the next imperial meeting."

Unlike the election of government leaders in other countries at the same time, the most popular thing in Shinra is the emperor. Nominated and voted for by the Imperial Diet.

There are two qualification criteria for candidates. First, they must have sufficient political achievements and extraordinary political skills; second, they must be politically staunch members of the Royalist Party.

Especially the second point is particularly important. A slight lack of ability is acceptable, but any political flaw will not be tolerated.

The Holy Roman Empire was so big that the most important thing it needed was capable officials. According to the provisions of the HRE Constitution, cabinet candidates nominated by the emperor can be senior officials or above.

To select a cabinet government from hundreds of people, it is almost a matter of choosing one from a hundred. There is a wide range of choices.

There is no fool who can climb to this position. Insufficient ability has already caused him to be pulled down in the previous competition.

They are all leaders who have been in charge of one party. No matter who is in the cabinet government, they can ensure the normal operation of the government.

Otherwise, Franz would not have remained indifferent to such an important task and left it all to Frederick.

After so many years of hard work, the small states within the territory of the Shinra were almost won over by Franz. Individuals who are dissatisfied do not dare to act evil due to the general situation.

Just look at the Imperial Parliament and you will know that any proposal put forward by Franz himself has never been vetoed.

After hearing that he was responsible for everything, Frederick asked in disbelief: "Leave all the candidates to me to determine, isn't it a bit too..."

Before Frederick could finish speaking, Franz waved his hand and interrupted: " Not so much. Sooner or later, you will be responsible for these tasks, but now it is just a little earlier. What you need to do now is to select the best government team as much as possible and achieve a smooth transition of power.

Except In addition, you have to pay attention to the changes in the international situation. Recently, the number of workers transported from France to Russia has decreased significantly.

It seems that the labor force of the Siberian Railway is enough. If my prediction is not bad, it will not be long before The Russians are about to withdraw their troops from France.

At this point, the Tsarist government probably understands it. The French compensation is like a moon in the water.

It can be seen but cannot be touched.

France has been ruined and does not have enough benefits. The Tsarist government will not stick to France.

No matter whether the Tsarist government wants to go south or eastward, it is meaningless to continue to garrison France.

If it were not for the Siberian Railway, they would have retreated two years ago. It can be delayed until now , is already very difficult.

The Russian army can withdraw, but the gap left by the Russian army must be filled.

France is a big country with a long historical heritage. Although it has suffered heavy blows in recent years , but their arrogance has not dissipated.

In the past years, the French have been entangled with us for hundreds of years, and they have finally been able to suppress them. They must not be allowed to rise. The Russians helped to do all the bad things. , the next thing we have to do is to spread anti-war ideas in France, and after their fighting spirit is exhausted, they can return to normal."

It is easy to defeat a big country, but it is difficult to defeat a big country. The more traditional and cultural a country is, the harder it is to be defeated.

After so many years of struggle, the French still did not give up resistance. The Russians were about to collapse. If the Vienna government had not shouldered the military expenditures, the Tsarist government would have been dragged down long ago.

However, the reality is cruel. The stronger the will of resistance shown by the French, the less able the anti-French alliance will be to allow them to succeed.

At this time, the benefits of having many allies are revealed. No matter how much France is tortured, it does not need to trigger intervention from the international community.

The Russian army has already done everything that should be done and should not be done. Violent methods have been used, and now it is the turn of political methods to come into play.

Regardless of whether the French elite is willing to accept it or not, France will not be able to return to normal if it does not accept harmless treatment.

Only when anti-war ideas become the mainstream of society and the error of launching an aggressive war is realized, can France become a normal country.

Of course, garrisoning troops and limiting armaments are still indispensable. Franz did not want the French to arm themselves again and cause trouble to him.

In this regard, the Russian army actually does a good job. Send all the opponents to see God, and send all the young labor force of the affected families to Siberia to build the railway.

Although the French were gnashing their teeth with hatred, under the bloody suppression of the Russian army, they were still unable to make a big splash.

There is no way, the mountainous area of France is too small. Meeting a Russian general who likes to avoid burning mountains, the guerrillas have little room for survival.

In the past few years, the Russian army has consumed hundreds of thousands of tons of fuel every year due to setting fire to mountains. If it weren't for Shinra, it would be the world's largest oil producer. Such consumption would really be unbearable.

According to the current situation, if the Russian army continues to burn all the way, sooner or later the forest will be destroyed.

Once you have successful cases, you can just follow them and learn from them. Anyway, Shinra may not necessarily have a lot of other things, but it must have a lot of oil.

There is no need to actually burn the mountain, just make a gesture to scare those intellectuals and stop them from thinking about it.

After reacting, Frederick asked uncertainly: "Are we going to divide France again?"

It wasn't that Frederick thought too much, but the main reason was that France had been severely weakened in recent years. Not only was the economy in a mess, but the domestic population was also Sharp decline.

If the Vienna government wants to continue carving up France, as long as it recruits a few allies, the success rate will be quite high.

Franz replied sternly: "Stop thinking nonsense. France has been liquidated once after the European War. Now if you do it again, why should you convince others?

Unless you want to go out in the future and be assassinated every day. Otherwise, do it." When it comes to this kind of thing, there must be a reasonable reason that can convince most people. What's more, there is no France. Do you think Spain, Switzerland, Belgium, Sardinia and other countries will still be so dependent on us?"

It is a common rule in European society to cede territory and pay compensation after losing a war. What's more, what was taken away was Shinra's homeland, which was completely justified legally.

Even if the French hold grudges in their hearts, they can slowly digest and accept it. Coupled with the fact that the Russians are the big boss of hatred, not many people blame the Habsburg dynasty.

If there is another wave of partition now, there will be nothing to say. It is estimated that every Frenchman hates the Holy Roman Empire, and there will definitely be warriors who assassinate the emperor.

Unless he can kill all these guys, Franz really doesn't dare to go out. Although he has many guards, he often walks by the river. Who can guarantee that his shoes will not get wet?

It is not easy to be the leader of the alliance. The core of the existence of the Anti-French Alliance is the "French Threat Theory." Without France as a common enemy, people's hearts will soon disperse.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1068: The Big Dream
of Spring and Autumn When the outside world focused on the general election, Franz sent his two sons to overseas colonies to serve as governors.

Frankly speaking, there are certain political risks in replacing people at this time. The Anglo-Austrian struggle for hegemony is not over yet, and overseas colonization is not as stable as a mountain.

Once the colony falls in the future game, the governor will be the first person to bear the brunt of the responsibility. But there is no way, wealth is always found in danger.

Even the royal family does not have unlimited political resources. In order to ensure a smooth transfer of power, political resources must be given priority to the crown prince.

In a country where military honors are awarded, without enough merit and prestige, even if Franz pushed them to the throne, it would be difficult to convince the public.

For long-term considerations, it is very necessary to send them to the colonies in advance. Even if you are not able to accumulate enough achievements, you can at least cultivate a group of cronies.

The European imperial power was not as strong as the Eastern imperial power. Even a strong emperor like Franz could only follow the trend in many cases.

Although the "Overseas States Plan" was more beneficial to the empire in the long run, it undermined the power of the central government in the short term.

Not everyone has such a far-sighted vision, and not everyone can be selfless. Franz does not think that this kind of plan can win the support of most people.

As an emperor, he could suppress opposition, but Franz did not have the ability to make people in overseas colonies loyal to his sons.

If we cannot convince everyone, even if we reluctantly accept the emperor's order, there will be constant problems in the future.

If you want to secure political power, you still have to rely more on your own efforts. Now as a governor, taking control of local power is a good transition.

The change of term was the best time to finalize things. Everyone's attention was drawn away, and there was no time to care about the small matter of selecting the colonial governor.

Even if some politicians find out, they can only pretend not to see it. Otherwise, there will be no place for them in the subsequent personnel adjustment process.

Political struggle is cruel, but relatively speaking, the political struggle of the Vienna government is considered harmonious.

As long as you don't seek death, even if you lose the political struggle, the most serious consequence will be to go home and raise your grandchildren.

Just because Shinra didn't cause any shock inside, it doesn't mean there were no changes outside. The successive changes in the personnel of colonial governors still attracted the attention of interested people.

...

St. Petersburg looked at the information in his hand, and Nicholas II couldn't help but rub his forehead. Perhaps it was the aftermath of the assassination. Every time he overused his brain, he would get a headache.

"Recently, the overseas governors of the Holy Roman Empire have been changing. The new governors are all princes. What does Emperor Franz the Great want to do?"

Thanks to his identity as a chicken soup mentor, Franz's prestige in the world of monarchs is not generally high. Younger generations like Nicholas II were not given enough chicken soup.

As a moral instructor, although what he says is all lies, it is not completely without nutrition.

Specific plans are never given, but rough suggestions are still given. Using himself as an example, Franz also had someone compile a history of his struggle.

Although there are hundreds of millions more elements in artistic processing, it still has reference significance and is still very attractive to young monarchs.

Reforms cannot be achieved in one go, but must start with details; national development must be done step by step, and cannot be opportunistic... The central idea is a classic and cannot be more classic. The only problem is that the general principles are easy to understand, but it is troublesome to implement them in detail. .

If we follow the history of the struggle of Emperor Franz the Great, it is estimated that a small country will be able to complete preliminary industrialization after 30 to 50 years of hard work in farming, while a big country will also have to struggle for 20 to 30 years.

This "industrialization" is still based on the current industrial level. Taking into account the development of the times, the actual time required may be longer.

Of course, countries that already have an industrial base can significantly shorten this time. However, it still has nothing to do with quick success.

This is true, but not everyone can see it. Most of them only saw the rapid revival of Austria and the reconstruction of the HRE, and did not pay attention to how much wealth Austria had before the revival, and also ignored the trend of the great era.

Just like an entrepreneur sharing his successful experience, the premise is that he has already "succeeded". You can learn from it, but you are dreaming if you want to copy it.

Whether to learn or not is one thing, but it does not affect Franz's respect. With these chicken soups, it is estimated that Franz will leave a strong mark on the history of countries around the world.

Foreign Minister Mikhailovich: "We have too little information to confirm it yet. However, considering the special system of the Holy Roman Empire, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs speculates that Emperor Franz may want to enfeoff again.

In the history of the Habsburg Dynasty "It's not like things like this have never happened before. The Holy Roman Empire is too big now, and it's not surprising that Emperor Franz wants to split it up." This is indeed not the first time. Back then, the European world couldn't breathe. The First Sun Never Sets empire was split up by the Habsburg dynasty in this way.

"Right from wrong" is now difficult to distinguish from just a few words in history books. However, after the separation, the number of times the Habsburg Dynasty was jointly targeted by various countries has obviously decreased significantly.

The current Holy Roman Empire is much stronger than the Empire on which the sun never sets. If the Anti-Shenra Alliance was not born, it can only be regarded as Franz's clever method.

The Russian Empire did not panic. In addition to the Russian-Austrian Alliance, most people still believed that the strength of HRE could not be sustained.

Franz had enough skills to make Shinra the leader of the European world, and he was not jointly targeted by everyone. This does not mean that his successor also has this ability.

If you look at the territory of the Holy Roman Empire, you will know that once diplomacy fails and becomes the target of public criticism, there will be enemies on all sides.

Of course, the premise is that the Holy Roman Empire itself has problems first, otherwise the wallflowers will not dare to get involved.

Prime Minister Sergei Witte: "If you are just worried about falling into public criticism, such a split is meaningless at all.

The core of the Holy Roman Empire is mainly Europe, the Near East, and the African continent, and the remaining overseas colonies are just additions.

The governors who have been replaced so far are all from overseas colonies and have not touched the core areas. Even if these areas are gone, the strength of the Holy Roman Empire will not have much impact.

With the style of Emperor Franz, even if it is true Those who are worried about falling into public criticism are unlikely to abandon their martial arts, and are more likely to take the initiative to attack.

Looking at the world, there are only a handful of countries that can pose a certain threat to the Holy Roman Empire. As long as these countries are suppressed, all problems will be solved. Then there's the problem. Obviously, one of the few threatening countries includes the Russian Empire. It's not a matter of diplomatic relations. The main problem lies in strength.

The Russian Empire is powerful, and it is a potential threat to you. Once the Vienna government decides to eliminate the threat in advance, the Russian Empire cannot escape.

The existence of economic ties and the Russian-Austrian alliance can only ensure that the two countries do not fall out directly, but it does not mean that they cannot secretly play dirty tricks.

In recent decades, the tsarist government has suffered no less from the secret games. The tragedy is that it is obvious that I have suffered a loss, but I still have to deal with the loss every day, and I am even embarrassed to say it.

The deep "feeling of fear" is palpable. It can be seen that Sergei Veidt has never really let go of his wariness towards Shinra.

Minister of Internal Affairs Vyacheslav: "Perhaps Emperor Franz didn't think that much at all, just because he loved his son so much that he wanted to get a fiefdom for his sons.

You know, the African continent is now full of nobles. What's left is The land is either strategically important or worthless desert and sandy land.

In comparison, overseas colonies are still more fertile. The number of feudal nobles is also relatively small. It is not necessary to divide a piece of it for their sons. What a difficult thing."

Obtaining a fiefdom for a son is nothing new in the European world. In modern times, there are fewer, mainly because countries are playing with centralization.

It's difficult to do things in the mainland, but there are no restrictions in overseas colonies. For someone like Franz, who had enfeoffed five nobles, it was not a big deal to use his power to privately obtain a fief for his son.

The Habsburg dynasty itself has this tradition, but in modern times, most of the grand dukes who were entrusted in the local area only had titles in name only.

Army Minister Yevgeny: "The probability of this is not high. If you just love your son, you can still choose the Near East. Although the land is not fertile enough, the geographical location is superior. I think Emperor Franz is strengthening his control over the place. , the colonial governor holds a high position, and often serves for more than ten years. If you don't trust someone else to take such a position, you might as well replace it with one of your own.

Considering the subsequent struggle for hegemony between the Holy Roman Empire and Britain, once they win, the colonies of the Holy Roman Empire will There will be further expansion. It is also very necessary to prepare for rainy days in advance.

If Emperor Franz's plan succeeds, it will obviously not be a good thing for the empire.

The Holy Roman Empire is too powerful, and let them If we continue to grow stronger, even if we realize the Yellow Russian Plan and capture India, we will only be able to keep pace with them."

...

All the speculations were reasonable, and the indecisive Nicholas II became more and more confused. But in the final analysis, there is a common conclusion, that is, it will be very detrimental to the Russian Empire if this continues.

Since it is not good for you, there is no need to say that you must find a way to destroy it.

As for "realizing the Yellow Russia plan and capturing India", let's just regard it as a dream for the time being. Although Nicholas II had a very good appetite, he did not think that he could realize the two major plans in a short time.

Of course, you still have to have dreams. If you don't even dream, what's the difference between it and salted fish?
With his dream in mind, Nicholas II frowned and asked: "How to stop it? The appointment of colonial governors is the internal affairs of the Holy Roman Empire, and we have no reason to object at all."

Interfering in the internal affairs of other countries has always been a taboo. Even if Russia and Austria are allies, the tsarist government still has no room to intervene on this issue.

If we really engage in blind comparison, not only will it not be effective, but it will worsen the relationship between the two countries.

Prime Minister Sergei Witte: "Of course we cannot interfere directly, but we can cause trouble for them elsewhere.

Your Majesty, France has been completely corrupted. Getting war reparations from the French is doomed to be elusive.

Here we are. At this point, it is no longer meaningful for the empire to continue to station troops in France, and we should withdraw our troops."

Obviously, the matter is not as simple as "withdrawing troops." To cause trouble for the Holy Roman Empire, naturally we cannot leave a stable France.

In fact, France has never been stable. Now with just a little more spice, France can be turned into a quagmire.

When it comes to sabotage, the Russian army is professional. As soon as the restraints were released, France was immediately in chaos.

Foreign Minister Mihajlovic objected: "Prime Minister, now is not the time to withdraw our troops. Although France has no value, don't forget the international impact.

As a member of the anti-French alliance, if we withdraw our troops for no reason, we will definitely It will cause various countries to be dissatisfied with the empire.

Unless there is a reason that is acceptable to all parties, otherwise we will withdraw our troops in a hurry and deliberately create problems in France, and we will inevitably be hostile. The results of our decades of hard work in diplomacy, It will also be destroyed in one day, and it will be difficult to recover in the future. Politics has always been complicated, and it is obviously not advisable to simply look at problems from a certain direction.

Although the "diplomatic achievements" of the Tsarist government were not significant, they were better than nothing. Going from zero to one is far more difficult than going from one to two.

For the tsarist government to let go at this time would be a betrayal for the anti-French alliance.

Traitors are always the most hateful. Not only can they not survive in the European world, but even the Russian-Austrian alliance will have problems.

"Excuses" are easy to find, but an "excuse" that is acceptable to all parties is not so easy to find.

Since we have participated in the international community, we must inevitably be bound by the rules of the international community, and even the Russian Empire is no exception.

After scanning the crowd and seeing no one refuting, Nicholas II sighed secretly.

Diplomacy has always been a shortcoming of the tsarist government. Successive tsars tried to change this situation, but due to various reasons, they all ended in failure.

Relatively speaking, Alexander III was the most successful. The remaining diplomatic strategies continue to this day.

The young and frivolous Nicholas II was naturally unwilling to be under the shadow of his father and always wanted to make further progress on this basis.

However, plans never keep up with changes. Previously, the atrocities committed by the Russian army in France had attracted a lot of criticism. Fortunately, the Anti-French Alliance had more people and was able to hold on.

If it now separates itself from the anti-French alliance, it is estimated that the Russian Empire will no longer need to be involved in the international community. The reputation is ruined, but the key point is that there is no way to do international trade.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1069: Excuses delivered to the door
Fools miss opportunities, wise men are good at seizing opportunities, successful people are good at creating opportunities, and opportunities are only reserved for those who are prepared.

Since it wants to withdraw its troops from France, the tsarist government will naturally not be held back by an "excuse".

The only way to withdraw troops without causing a backlash from the anti-French alliance is war. Only when the Russian Empire went to war with a third country would the Tsarist government have enough reason to withdraw its troops without being blamed by other countries.

When you open the map, you will know that there are not many neighbors in the Russian Empire anymore. Europe is all tough, and the British in South Asia are not easy to mess with. The easy ones are to the east.

Before the tsarist could find an opportunity to create a pretext for war, someone came to the door with clues. A "Declaration government of War from All Nations" traveled across the ocean and reached Europe. Before European countries could respond, the Tsarist government took the lead in announcing its response to the war.

I can't accept it. I've seen people seeking death, but I've never seen anyone seeking death like this.

Fortunately, this is just a farce. The letter of challenge is only circulated internally and has not been submitted to the ministers of various countries. It does not constitute a real letter of challenge. Otherwise...it does n't matter whether the law is legal or not. Anyway, what the Russians want is an excuse to use the topic. The Far Eastern Empire happened to deliver the goods to your door.

It is estimated that the Tsarist government has not yet figured out whether to fight, how to fight, and how far it will go.

It goes without saying what happened next. Anyway, the Far Eastern Empire was going to be in trouble this time. The Russians have taken the lead, and the British will naturally not be idle, let alone the Japanese.

The butterfly effect has destroyed the three countries of Italy, Germany, and Austria, and the United States has been divided into two. In the end, a coalition of several countries will form a coalition. This question can only be asked to God.

...

The new Foreign Minister Leo Frankl: "Your Majesty, yesterday afternoon the Tsarist government declared war on the Far Eastern Empire, and also sent us an invitation..."

Before the Foreign Minister could finish speaking, Franz interrupted. : "Reject them directly. The international situation is changing rapidly, and we may have a fight with the British one day.

The empire does not have the strength to compete with the British in the Far East. It is not a wise man to distract attention and enter the Far East Empire at this time. Pay close attention The next move of the Tsarist government, if they want to withdraw their troops from France, they must delay them for two months to buy time to form a peacekeeping force."

The reason is a bit far-fetched, but the core of HRE's strategy is indeed not in East Asia. Such densely populated areas are not the expansion target of Shinra.

In comparison, France's importance is much higher. No matter how dilapidated France is now, in view of the glorious history of the French, the Vienna government still dare not take it lightly.

"Your Majesty, the Tsarist government has announced a withdrawal plan. The Russians, using war needs as an excuse, decided to transfer 220,000 troops from France. After the plan is implemented, the total number of Russian troops stationed in France will drop from the current 270,000 to 50,000 People.

We have received the diplomatic note, and the coalition command is expected to receive it soon. Now we are waiting for the specific implementation.

Of course, if we ask for a two-month suspension of troop withdrawal, the tsarist government should give this face."

Diplomacy Minister Leo Frankl reminded slightly embarrassed.

The war provided the tsarist government with an excuse to withdraw its troops. They did not withdraw all their troops at once. It is estimated that the tsarist government still wanted to get involved in the anti-French alliance and was not prepared to complete the matter .

Since they don't want to get things done, it's naturally not a problem for the Vienna government to ask the Russian troops to postpone their withdrawal for two months.

In any case, this is more than 200,000 troops. If it wanted to withdraw so many personnel and weapons and equipment from France to the Russian Empire, without the cooperation of HRE, the Tsarist government would not be able to accomplish it for a year and a half.

For the Holy Roman Empire, it is obviously a good thing that all Russian troops have not withdrawn.

Someone always has to do the dirty and dirty work. As long as enough money is given, Russian officers and soldiers are not afraid of taking the blame.

Having this professional scapegoating team is very helpful in maintaining the international image of the Holy Roman Empire.

Franz didn't think that without the Russian army, the French would welcome the Shinra army to move in. Although the military discipline of the Shinra army may be better, the centuries-old feud between the two countries cannot be resolved overnight.

Franz didn't need to think about it to know that the "old sesame seeds, rotten millet" scandal would be revealed again.

Even if the French are careless, the British will help them awaken their dormant hatred and provoke conflicts.

History has proven that hatred cannot be solved by gentleness alone. Most of the time, it is more reliable to use a bayonet.

Franz did not dare to hope that he could win people's hearts in France. As long as the situation can be stabilized and the French do not jump out and cause trouble for themselves in the subsequent struggle for hegemony, it will be fine.

... The resurgence of the Far East in London is definitely a good thing for the British government. After receiving this good news, Prime Minister Robert Cecil became energetic.

It's not easy. Except for the first day when he ascended the throne of Prime Minister, he has never been so happy the rest of the time.

There is no way, the international situation is too unfriendly to Britain. Looking at the European Union across the strait, Robert Cecil could only sigh.

After all the hard calculations, it only increased the time for Shinra to integrate the European continent, and did not fundamentally solve the problem.

We have to admit that geopolitics is powerful. As the epoch-making European hegemon, HRE will have to be relied upon by European countries as long as everyone does not rebel against it.

This is no longer a question of profit or loss, but a more core issue of survival. In the cruel international competition, small countries have no choice but to rely on the strong.

Of course, these wallflowers are just a minor nuisance. They are just okay just waving flags and cheering, but the actual value they can exert is still very limited.

What really worries Britain is the Russian-Austrian alliance. If this ace combination is not solved, Britain will have to fight with the HRE on the sea and the Russian-Austrian alliance on land in the future.

Prime Minister Robert Cecil is not timid at sea, and the Royal Navy is not afraid of anyone in a one-on-one battle; if it is a tragedy on land, it is really something we cannot afford to be hurt by.

Now there is finally a turning point. No matter what the reason is for the Russians to move eastward, it has reduced the pressure on Britain in the Indian region.

In order to defend India, these British governments spent a lot of effort. Not only did they spend a lot of money to train the colonial army, but even the declining Persia received funding from Britain.

We don't expect the Persians to do anything, as long as the Persian Empire can hold on longer and prevent the Shenluo army from pushing all the way to India.

National strategies are never easily determined. Since the Tsarist government chose to attack the Far Eastern Empire at this time, the Russians' eastward strategy is basically a certainty.

The next question is how to severely damage the Russians in the east, get rid of the problem of multi-front operations, then destroy the Russian-Austrian alliance, and finally bring the Russians to their side.

The plan is a bit complicated and difficult to implement, and the success rate is still a little bit low.

But having a plan is better than having no plan. At this point, if Britain wants to continue its hegemony, it can only win over the Russians.

The Russian Empire in its heyday was obviously unstoppable. People are drooling when they look at India, and Robert Cecil does not dare to seek skin from a bear.

In this context, it is very necessary to weaken the Russians and create a sense of crisis in the tsarist government.

It's almost the same routine as the original time and space. Before the Russo-Japanese War, the contradiction between Britain and Russia was sharp, and the relationship between Germany and Russia was still very good; after the war, the relationship between Germany and Russia deteriorated rapidly, but the contradiction between Britain and Russia tended to ease.

Despite France's mediation, the fundamental reason was that the Tsarist government felt threatened by the Germans. Otherwise, loans alone would not be enough to bring the Tsarist government into submission.

After all, not paying your debts is nothing new. Our ancestors could do it, so why couldn't Nicholas II do it?

Not to mention right now. It can be seen from the fact that all the tsars in the past have wanted to get rid of their dependence on Vienna. The Russians have really felt the pressure.

The relationship between the two countries can be maintained. On the one hand, the Russian-Austrian alliance reassures them. The interests of the two countries are deeply tied and cannot be untied for a while; on the other hand, India is close at hand, and greed has defeated fear.

Once it was beaten by society and found that it did not have the strength to seize India, and reality defeated greed, the Tsarist government should be afraid.

The result of fear is naturally to find someone to hang out with. As for completely relying on Shinra, that is complete nonsense.

Dependence is a trick played by small countries. Even if a big country can put down its body and go over there, others won't believe it, right?
If Britain is finished, then the relationship between the Russian Empire and the Holy Roman Empire will be the relationship between the world's second largest and the world's largest.

The second best person in the world is attached to the first person in the world, which is not harmonious no matter how you look at it.

Since ancient times, the second child has been the target of heavy suppression, and there has never been an exception. Why does the Tsarist government believe that the Vienna government will be merciful?
Is it just based on the traditional friendship between the two countries?

Politicians are not idealists. When making choices, their thoughts will naturally go to the wrong direction. That's why there is a story about the second child and the third child hugging each other for warmth and fighting against the world's boss together.

Frankly speaking, Robert Cecil also had deep doubts about the British-Russian unity.

After all, the contradiction between Britain and Russia is equally acute. Even if they come together temporarily under the pressure of Shinra, it will be difficult to truly cooperate closely.

But the reality is cruel. Without France, the gold medal player, Britain's layout on the European continent is missing a piece, and it has fallen into full strategic passivity.

Regardless of whether the British-Russian alliance is reliable or not, the British government has no choice. It is better for the two countries to work together to share the pressure than to work alone.

Now that we have seen the light of day, we naturally need to celebrate. However, it was now working hours. In order to prevent his competitors from taking advantage of him, Robert Cecil could only temporarily suppress his turbulent heart.

"The international situation has finally changed. Before we had time to take action, the Russians jumped in. The next question is how to weaken them.

Although the Russian Empire is powerful, the power they can invest in the Far East is Very limited. Not to mention that the Siberian Railway is not yet open to traffic. Even if it has been opened to traffic, this problematic railway cannot support many military operations. The current problem is that although the Far Eastern Empire has a certain strength, their government is too corrupt , simply do not have the courage to fight the Russians.

If we want to severely damage the Russians in the Far East, it is obviously not enough to rely on them alone. We must need more chess pieces, and the Japanese cannot continue to be idle."

Facts have once again proved that , Pies of cake don't fall from the sky for no reason. Even if they do fall, they are usually poisonous.

The Central Asian Railway aided by the Vienna government has quality problems; the Siberian Railway secretly supported by the British also has many pitfalls.

Perhaps it would not be a big problem in normal use. Once the freight volume increases, the tsarist government will immediately understand that the railway also has a temper.

This is the inevitable result. If they didn't set some traps and delay the logistics, and the Russian plan really succeeded, wouldn't the British government have shot itself in the foot?
You must know that the Far East is Britain's sphere of influence. John Bull was incapable of sacrificing himself for others.

Foreign Secretary Cameron: "Prime Minister, it is still too early to take action now. The Siberian Railway is not open to traffic, and the Russian power cannot be projected at all.

Even if the entire army is wiped out by the small number of soldiers in the Far East, it will not hurt the vitality of the Russians.

Maybe seeing that it is too difficult to advance eastward, the Russians will shrink back and pick up the southward strategy again, which will be troublesome.

In order to better lure the enemy, in the short term it is best for us to let the tsarist government experience the feeling of victory first. It just so happens that the Far Eastern Empire is now..."

As the saying goes, "If you can't let go of your children, you can't trap the wolf." If you want to let go of your own children, most people are probably unwilling to do so; if it were someone else's child, there would be no such pressure.

Politics Friends and foes always fall in love in an instant. Just now, he was talking about supporting the Far Eastern Empire and the Russians to fight. In the next moment, he decisively decided to sacrifice the interests of the Far Eastern Empire to lure the enemy deeper.

It can be seen that Cameron has deeply understood the essence of British diplomacy. . In the shortest possible time, he demonstrated the professionalism expected of the British Foreign Minister.

Finance Minister Pavel: "Sir, you are right. The amount of power that the Russians can invest in the Far East is indeed too small. No portion at all.

The Russians' eastward strategy not only meant the bankruptcy of Vienna's plan to divert troubled waters southward, but also threatened HRE's land dominance.

It is impossible for the Vienna government to watch the Russians complete the Yellow Russia Plan. They are the ones who least want the Tsarist government to succeed at the moment. We don't need to worry at all now.

Regardless of whether the Russian-Austrian alliance is still unbreakable, once the Russian eastward strategy shows signs of success, the Vienna government is bound to take action to suppress it.

After succeeding in the first step, if they want to take the second step, the Russians will find that the whole world is their enemy, especially their closest allies.

By then, even if the Russian-Austrian alliance can barely survive, it will only exist in name only, and our opportunity will come.

But the Russians alone were not enough. To deal with the Holy Roman Empire, the empire needed more allies. "

When the word "ally" is mentioned, Prime Minister Robert Cecil gets a headache. There is no way. What he inherited is a mess of economic prosperity and diplomacy.

Although his predecessor was considered outstanding among all British prime ministers, But because of misestimation of France's strength, Britain was brought to the edge of the cliff.

To remedy this, it was completely overthinking. Since the establishment of the Continental Alliance, Britain has not had much room to use diplomatic means.

After so many years of hard work, Britain does not have a true ally. Japan cannot be counted. It is just an inconspicuous younger brother and is not qualified to be Britain's ally.

At present, except for the Russian Empire, Robert Cecil does not know who to pull or whom to pull. ?

Does the Ministry of Foreign Affairs have any suggestions? "

It's better to leave such complicated matters to professionals. Although looking at the bitter face of the Foreign Secretary, it doesn't look like...

Foreign Secretary Cameron helplessly replied: "European countries can't count on them. Being able to remain neutral is the result of God's blessing. Our goal can only be in the Americas.

There are many independent countries in the Americas, but few are powerful, and even fewer can be won over by us.

The one with the most win-win value is naturally the United States of America, followed by the Confederate States. Unfortunately, these two are sworn enemies.

If we bring both of these families together, we probably won't have to do anything but just adjust the relationship between them.

If you choose one of the two, the other one will most likely be pulled over by the enemy. With the diplomatic capabilities of the Vienna government, the probability of this happening will not be less than 90%.

In addition to a pair of enemies, the remaining countries such as Mexico, Colombia, Argentina, and Chile are also targets of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs' public relations.

It's just that these countries all have a common characteristic - lack of strength. It's okay to build up their momentum politically, but it's impossible to expect them to make much contribution.

At most, it will distract the enemy's energy and threaten their colonies in the Americas, but it will be of limited help to the overall situation. "

Britain also contributed a lot to the confrontation between the United States and the Alliance. Since the joint intervention of Britain, France and Austria, it has laid hidden dangers for today's confrontation between the two countries. When it comes to digging holes, Britain is professional. France, Austria, and France, who joined forces back then, Spain is no ordinary person.

When the North and South of the United States were divided, the four countries as arbiters unanimously laid mines on the demarcation of the border.

The leaders of the United States and the Confederate States were still immature in political methods, and they obviously did not encounter this kind of gameplay. The following is The specific person in charge was even more confused and asked delegations from the four countries to participate in the entire process.

The final result was that the post-war relations between the North and South governments, which were already full of hatred, worsened because of the border issue.

If it were not for the previous war, It was too tragic. The national cohesion between the two countries was not strong, and there were still a lot of internal conflicts. It might have been a second battle.

In fact, if the European powers had not broken out internal conflicts and relaxed their provocation in the relations between the two countries, the North and the South would have The government might have started a war.

(End of chapter)

