Chapter 1089 Japan and Russia break off diplomatic relationsSeverance of Diplomatic Relations between Japan and Russia-69 Book Bar In the early 20th century, it was not an easy thing to study abroad. The cost is high, but the most important thing is the language barrier.

The prerequisite for studying abroad is to first learn a foreign language. Not only must it satisfy oral communication, but it must also reach an exam-taking level.

Except for Japan's Pheasant University, which is open to admissions, other universities have thresholds. Unless you pay a high sponsorship fee, you have to pass the entrance exam.

There is no unified standard for whether it is a written test, an interview, or a recommendation for admission.

Whether you can stand out, apart from your personal abilities, is more important is your personal connections.

This is also the main reason why international students from the Far East go to Japan. After all, they can study there. But when they go to study in other countries, they don't know whether they can get admission qualifications.

Nanyang University admissions is no exception. The entrance examination is limited to a few test centers in Austrian Nanyang, and it is impossible to send people to organize examinations throughout Asia.

The Ministry of Education has stipulated that the examination syllabus must be based on middle school textbooks. For the same test questions, overseas students who have been studying for more than ten years can obviously not compete with local students who have studied hard for more than ten years.

It seems that there are more than 1,000 students enrolled across Asia, but in fact, most students from the Austrian Nanyang region are able to stand out in the written examination.

Failure to pass the written test means that you are insulated from free education and have to pay to study.

When Nanyang University was first established, William, the president, had no confidence, so the fees were very reasonable.

Compared with the high tuition fees in Central, which cost over 10,000 yuan, Nanyang University's lowest-paid major only costs 500 shields per year.

For international students who are wealthy, this is naturally not a problem. But for the vast majority of students with average wealth, this is a big problem.

Especially for families with a traditional family tradition of farming and reading, this is an astronomical sum. Even if there are ten thousand acres of fertile land cultivated intensively, the annual income is only ten thousand taels of silver.

It seems to be enough, but the whole family relies on these incomes for food, and at most they can support one or two international students.

Of course, the main reason is that there are only rumors about canceling the imperial examination, but they have not turned into facts, and everyone is not very enthusiastic about studying abroad.

After the imperial examination is cancelled, and everyone realizes that the only way left is to study abroad, that's when students from the Far East will be exported crazily, and then the entire family will be able to support them.

"Bo'an, please stop joking. It's okay for those of you who have just come to Japan. We have been studying for several years. We are about to finish our studies and go to Nanyang to start from scratch..."

Halfway through his words, Liu Renxin realized I made a mistake. There were not only old international students present, but also newcomers.

Maybe the speaker didn't mean it, but it sounds intentional! Even though the inconvenience broke out immediately due to saving face, the thorn in my heart was still buried.

If they are strangers, that's it. If the misunderstanding is resolved, they can still be friends. On the contrary, between friends, once such a misunderstanding occurs, even if it is resolved, it will be difficult to go back to the past. The adult world is never simple.

Seeing the tense atmosphere, a classmate who was usually close to Liu Renxin changed the topic and said: "Brother Liu, don't be pessimistic. What we have learned in Japan in the past few years is really limited. It is not a good thing to have the opportunity to continue our studies.

As far as I know, many Japanese My classmates are also beginning to prepare for exams and prepare to participate in the competition at Nanyang University.

The situation in Tokyo is unclear now, and we should make plans early. Even if we do not get first class, we must at least get an admission qualification."

This is a fact. At this moment, the Japanese The yearning for the European world is the craziest thing. Absolutely no one who is qualified to study in Europe will stay and study in their home country.

Although Nanyang University is not a European university, it has a Shinra prince as its president, which is still very attractive to everyone.

Apart from anything else, after graduating from Nanyang University, it would be much easier to go to Shinra for further studies.

Japanese students are all making preparations, and the impact on international students will undoubtedly be huge. Even if someone told them that Nanyang University is a pheasant university, no one would believe it.

The greater the attractiveness of Nanyang University, the greater the competition. At that time, not only will there be competition for entrance exams, but also for places to study at one's own expense.

After all, the school is a school and cannot be completely commercialized. Although the highest bidder can maximize profits, Principal William cannot afford to lose face like this!
In this context, the only natural choice is to continue the exam. However, in order to ensure the fairness of educational resources, the Shinra Ministry of Education has stipulated that self-funded students must not exceed 5% of the total number.

Of course, international students are not included in the quota limit. In principle, as long as you can afford it and the school can accommodate it, the more the better.

Local universities don't have such troubles. The high fees scare away 99% of international students. What really needs to be considered is Nanyang University.

The tuition fee of 500 Aegis deters some people, but it is not daunting enough. There are still many people who meet the conditions.

The first, second and third classes were born under this background. The lower the grade, the higher the tuition fee. If you can't get the third class, you are a scumbag. Nanyang University does not accept rags.

This is an embarrassing question. There are many top students among international students, but there are also many bad students. Most of these people have one thing in common: they have no hope of taking the imperial examination.

The main purpose of sending them to study abroad is to become officials. Don't talk about saving the country or not. Those are just the students' personal thoughts and cannot represent the whole family behind them.

In a sense, it doesn't matter whether you have good grades or not, it's mainly for gold plating.

But after studying for several years, I didn't get a diploma from a Japanese school, and I couldn't even get an admission qualification from Nanyang University. So I really had no way to explain it when I returned home.

"Nanyang University's enrollment is not far away. If we want to improve our grades in a short time, we can only raise funds to hire private tutors for tutoring."

Seeing no one answered, Li Bo'an took the initiative to pierce the window paper. It's better to cradle someone temporarily than not to cradle him at all.

It is estimated that there is more than one person with similar thoughts, but usually everyone is used to boasting about their talents, and they are embarrassed to admit that they are a scumbag.

Of course, calling them "students" is a bit excessive, but it is true that most people who study abroad in Japan do not learn much knowledge.

After all, educational resources in Japan are also scarce these days, especially higher education resources, which are even more scarce.

Teachers in colleges and universities are mainly overseas students sent out. Most of the international students went to pheasant universities in Europe. After learning a little bit, they came back and started teaching and educating people.

Many times, teachers are organized to study first and then go back to teach students. The main thing that can cultivate talents is that everyone is willing to study.

At the University of Tokyo, you can often see teachers and students working on a problem until late at night.

In comparison, Pheasant University is quite different. They are just fooling people. Many teachers have never gone to college. Reading the textbooks counts as class.

Except for a few international students who can be admitted to regular universities and learn knowledge, most international students are just dawdling.

...

The turmoil caused by Nanyang University has just begun, and it was quickly suppressed by new favorites.

On February 6, 1904, the Japanese government suddenly announced that it would break off diplomatic relations with Russia, and the situation in the Far East suddenly became tense.

Everyone knew that the war was coming, but the Tsarist government was at this moment caught in the "authoritarian obsession". Nicholas II also vowed to assure the people that the Japanese government would not dare to take action.

Well, in recent decades the Japanese government has been really cowardly when facing foreign powers. Whether it was the original Black Ship Incident, the Philippine War, or even the previous embassy case, the Japanese government was intimidated as soon as the great powers intervened.

But the problem is that when the Japanese government is cowardly, they all have a common characteristic: the opponent is too powerful and cannot be defeated.

Obviously, things are different now. Although the Russian Empire was powerful, their power in the Far East was limited.

At least before the opening of the Siberian Railway, the power of the Russian Empire in the Far East was no match for the Japanese.

Since it has won the battle, why is the Japanese government timid?
Anyway, a war between Japan and Russia is inevitable. It is better to start the war now than to wait for the Russians to be ready.

Of course, the most important thing is that Britain and HRE officially broke apart. With the support of British allies, the diplomatic pressure from HRE can be offset.

...

Vienna Palace, after receiving the news that Japan and Russia had severed diplomatic relations, Franz had to step out of his comfort zone and continue to perform his duties as a monarch.

Driven by the butterfly effect, the Russo-Japanese War has also undergone earth-shaking changes. At this moment, it is not only a battle between Japan and Russia, but also a game between Shinra and Britain.

It's true that Shinra wants to trick the Russians, but the outside world doesn't know! In the eyes of many people, the Russian-Austrian alliance is still strategically integrated.

The current Russo-Japanese War is not only a fight for hegemony in the Far East, but also a game between Britain and HRE for world hegemony.

The actors are already in place, and now they are waiting for the gongs and drums to start the show. As the host, how can Franz be absent?
Theoretically speaking, it doesn't seem to be a big problem if it is left to my son to take charge. But Franz is worried!
It's okay to make mistakes in normal times. Any detailed mistakes at this time may lead to the failure of the subsequent layout.

It's just that the layout failed. I was afraid that instead of trapping the Russians, the plan was exposed in advance and pushed the Russians to the side of the British.

Although the Holy Roman Empire has become a general trend, and one against two is not without a chance of winning, the risk is high!

A steady victory based on strength is true happiness; a victory achieved through risk-taking is gambling. For a big country, gambling is undoubtedly a taboo.

When it comes to digging holes to bury people, Franz thinks he is better than his son, especially when it comes to burying Russians, as he has rich experience.

Just look at the Tsarist government. It has been tricked many times, but it has never had an attack. This is enough to illustrate the problem.

...

Franz: "Japan and Russia have severed diplomatic relations. It seems that the war will break out in a few days. Frederick, let's take action!

We must get rid of us before the news of the outbreak of the Russo-Japanese War spreads. Trade friction with the British will start and prices will rise in advance."

There is no way, the Russian-Austrian alliance has an agreement that if a war breaks out on one side, the other side must provide support.

The most important thing is that during war, the price of strategic materials cannot be increased. To put it simply, what is the price for the first order, and what is the price for subsequent orders.

This time was different. The tsarist government did not believe that the Japanese dared to take action, and did not order strategic materials in advance.

It just so happened that the Anglo-Austrian trade conflict broke out now, providing the best excuse for rising prices, and Franz would naturally not let it go.

It is purely a commercial behavior and it is normal for prices to fluctuate. Even if the Tsarist government found out, it would be hard to say anything.

"Father, isn't this bad? The Tsarist government is already in financial difficulty and cannot even raise funds for the war for a while.

If nothing else happens, the Russians will eventually have to borrow money from us. Raising prices now will only It will cause the Russians to go bankrupt in advance."

It was not that Frederick's integrity was high, but mainly that the Russian Empire was too poor. After the war broke out, a large part of the funds had to be paid for by the Vienna government.

The higher the prices, the more money the Vienna government lent. Given the financial situation of the Tsarist government, repayment can be said to be far off.

As for the collateral provided by the Russians, its symbolic significance is greater than its practical significance. If it were to be compensated in kind, the relationship between the Russian and Austrian alliances would probably come to an end.

Of course, there is one exception, that is, the tsarist government was forced to a dead end and could only sell off its assets to survive.

For details, please refer to the Soviet Union after the disintegration of the original time and space. As long as you can get money, you can sell whatever you have. If it didn't sell, it must be because the money given wasn't enough.

As long as there is enough money, nuclear bombs can be sold. Had the news not leaked out during the operation, the first nuclear bomb deal in human history would have been completed.

It is obviously not an easy task to push the Russian Empire to a dead end. When Shinra couldn't do it himself, the Japanese simply couldn't do it.

In this context, for the Vienna government, the more money it lends to the Russians now, the more it will lose in the end.

When the price of strategic materials is increased, it is also the capitalists who are cheap, even though many companies in Shinra are controlled by the government and the royal family.

Franz shook his head and said earnestly: "Frederick remembered one thing: 'If you want to take something, you must first give it to him.' How can the Russians rest assured if they don't borrow more money?"

"The one who owes money is "Uncle", this theory was also applicable in the early 20th century. If too much money is lent, creditors will be kidnapped by debtors.

In the original time and space, the Americans lent too much money. In order to ensure that the loaned money did not go to waste, they had to personally help the Allies after Russia surrendered.

This is considered a positive thing, and there are also negative textbooks on English and French. Because Mao Xiong, the debtor, was destroyed, the debt was lost, which directly affected the speed of domestic economic recovery after the war.

The situation faced by the Vienna government is the same now. If the Russian Empire ends, the financial system of the Shinra will also be affected.

The size of the impact is ultimately determined by the amount of debt. It can be said that the more money is lent, the tighter the economic ties between Russia and Austria will be.

Naturally, Franz was not willing to help others when he knew he couldn't do it. The most important thing was to reassure the Tsarist government.

The debt of hundreds of millions of Aegis cannot kidnap Shinra, but the debt of more than one billion or several billion is really impossible to let go.

"If you don't want to give up your children, you won't be able to trap the wolf." In order to lure the Tsarist government into being fooled, Franz was also prepared to spend a lot of money.

Isn't it just “money”? As long as we can become the ultimate winner, it doesn't matter if we print a little more.

Even if an economic and financial crisis is triggered, most of the world will share the losses, and Franz can afford it.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1090: The Tsarist Government Busy in Internal Struggles

In St. Petersburg, the news came that the Japanese government suddenly announced the severance of diplomatic relations. Everyone in the Tsarist government was completely confused. How dare the Japanese...

No matter why they dared, it happened anyway. . In addition to being angry, the tsarist government had to face reality.

Just when the tsarist government came out of its state of confusion and clamored to give the Japanese some color, something even more intolerable to the tsarist government happened.

On February 8, 1904, the Japanese directly launched an undeclared war against the Russian army in the Far East.

Well, the Japanese government helped the Tsarist government make its choice. At this point, there is nothing to argue about, we can only fight whether we want to or not.

Of course, it may be a more rational choice to temporarily shrink the strategy and abandon the Far East, waiting for the opening of the Siberian Railway before settling the settlement with the Japanese, but the tsarist government could not do it.

No big country can tolerate the loss of its territory without declaring war. If the tsarist government really chooses to tolerate it, the people in the country will probably rebel.

The arrogance of the fighting nation cannot be overshadowed. It can tolerate anything, but it cannot tolerate the cowardice of the tsarist government.

From this perspective, the original time and space put the blame for the Russo-Japanese War on Nicholas II, which was purely an injustice.

The Japanese have come over, so the Tsarist government can't just take a beating without fighting back, right?

Of course, Nicholas II was not without responsibility. The biggest problem lies in strategic misjudgment, wishful thinking that the Japanese did not dare to launch an attack, and failed to prepare for war in advance.

The current situation is similar to that in history. Although the butterfly effect has a great impact, it still cannot change the subjective judgment of the tsarist government.

If it hadn't been for the war report from the front, the Tsarist government would not have believed that the Japanese would dare to wage an undeclared war against the Russian Empire.

It can only be said that the Japanese government chose the wrong time to attack. If it launched the attack on April Fool's Day or the day before, the Tsarist government would probably dismiss the battle reports from the front line as farts.

...

After all, after being emperor for several years, Nicholas II's Qi-nurturing skills have improved a lot, and he can barely control his emotions.

"The war has broken out, what is the government's plan?"

Anyone who knows Nicholas II knows that the calmer the situation, the more angry the tsar is.

Although this strategic misjudgment was jointly made by everyone, the government must take the initiative to take the blame.

Prime Minister Sergei Vitte stepped forward and said: "Your Majesty, with the empire's power in the Far East, it will be difficult to defeat the Japanese. In the short term, we can only take a defensive position. The top priority is to concentrate our forces and hold on to several strategic locations. Waiting for the Siberian Railway After it is opened to traffic, large troops will be sent for reinforcements.

The next step is to win the support of the Vienna government. Although there is a Russian-Austrian Alliance, it is only signed with Austria and does not represent the Holy Roman Empire.

In the style of Emperor Franz, support There will definitely be one, but the specific intensity depends on our subsequent diplomatic methods.

However, the Japanese's undeclared war this time not only violated international practice, but also provoked the Vienna system. It is estimated that the Vienna government will now I am also very dissatisfied with the Japanese.

If we can get the full support of the Vienna government, it will be much easier to win support from the international community.

In any case, we are also a European country after all, and no European country wants to see Europe lose. To the Japanese natives.

The previous Philippine War is an example. For the sake of the face of the white world, European countries should be more inclined to us.

If possible, it is best to involve Spain. The Philippine War has just passed less than ten years ago. If given the chance, the Spaniards would never mind beating up a drowned dog.

With Spain's help, the landing problem is no longer difficult. With Shinra restraining the British, and the Imperial Navy and Spanish Navy joining forces, it is not difficult to defeat the Japanese Navy. ."

There is nothing wrong in general, but there are loopholes everywhere in the details.

Sticking to a strategic location is easy to say, but if you actually do it, you will face many problems.

The first problem we face is "materials". Although the Russian army has hoarded some supplies in the Far East, it is obviously not enough to support the opening of the Siberian Railway.

In the original time and space, many keyboard warriors complained about the Russian army's command mistakes, but they did not know that many of the "mistakes" were made out of necessity.

No matter how big a strategy is, it is not as important as the stomach. The first thing a commander has to do is not to win the war, but to find ways to fill the stomachs of the soldiers and meet the supply of strategic materials.

When the troops are dispersed, some supplies can be replenished on the spot. Once the troops are concentrated, logistics will be tested.

Winning support from the international community would be even more mysterious. Spain is Spain and Russia is Russia. These are two completely different concepts in the European world.

The European world does not want to see white people lose to the indigenous people, but this is just a folk idea and does not represent the position of various governments.

The governments of various countries were willing to support Spain in the first place because Spain's decline posed no threat to everyone, and with Shinra taking the lead in seeking bad luck for the Japanese, everyone was naturally happy to be a favor.

It's different when it comes to the Russian Empire. Even HRE is wary of Russia, let alone the remaining countries.

It is useless to use the banner of "Europe". The debate about whether the Russian Empire is considered a European or Asian country has not been understood by later generations, let alone now.

Coupled with the past domineering style of the Tsarist government, it offended many people. There are definitely more people who want to see the Russian Empire defeated now than there are who want them to win.

In this context, if you don't add insult to injury from behind, you have already given a lot of face, and you still want to support Dreaming!

If the Japanese government's actions were not equally disgusting, public opinion would have been one-sided. The general trend is such that it cannot be reversed by individual power.

The only feasible option was probably to win over Spain, but unfortunately the tsarist government chose the wrong time.

If during the Philippine War, the Spanish government would definitely form an alliance with them, but forget it now!
There are a lot of internal conflicts in the country, which has already made the Spanish government exhausted. Who can bother to take revenge on the Japanese?
Of course, there is no actual retaliation, but there is no problem in providing moral support.

It is estimated that there is no need to win over the Spanish government, and the Spanish government will spontaneously help wave the flag and shout, but it will only be limited to waving the flag and shouting.

As Prime Minister, Sergey Witte will naturally not fail to see these problems. Even if he does not discover them for a while, the think tank will remind him.

Now there is a reason for pretending to be confused while pretending to understand. Not being able to destroy one's prestige is one thing, but more importantly, it is political needs.

Someone needs to be held responsible for strategic misjudgments, and the Prime Minister must bear the blame. If you don't want to get out of here in despair, you must find a way to remedy it.

The key to determining the outcome of a war is strength. There is no way to reverse the balance of power in the Far East, and naturally there is no way to overturn the situation.

But the Tsar had already asked, and Sergei Witte could not pretend that he had not heard, let alone say that there was nothing he could do.

Politics, you just have to deal with it first. As for how to fight on the battlefield next, that is a matter for the military. As prime minister, he can just be responsible for the logistics.

As soon as he finished speaking, Mikhailovich's expression became tense. I don't know whether the army can complete the plan, but the Ministry of Foreign Affairs cannot complete it anyway.

Being affected to such an extent that Mihajlovic could not care less about giving face to the Prime Minister, he immediately retorted: "Prime Minister, don't forget that there are British people.

We have a Russian-Austrian alliance, and the Japanese also have an Anglo-Japanese alliance. Whether you like it or not I am willing to admit that the most powerful people in the Far East are the British.

Including this war, most of them were planned by the British. Without their support, the Japanese government would not have the courage to go to war with us. What we have to do now is not only When the Japanese government fights, it still has to compete with the British.

If the British cause trouble, it will be impossible for us to gain support from the international community. European countries will not easily take sides.

What the Ministry of Foreign Affairs can really win is The Holy Roman Empire and Spain. With the British in check, it will be difficult for these two countries to provide us with substantial help in the Far East."

There is no way, the British Empire is so awesome these days. Even the strong rise of the Holy Roman Empire could not conceal the power of Britain.

What's more, the British had the advantage in the Far East, and HRE intervened at a later stage, and its local influence is far less than that of the British.

If it weren't for the reputation of defeating France, it would probably still be regarded as a second-rate country. The current conflict between Shinra and Britain, in addition to interests, also involves a dispute over "name."

Individuals can not care about fame and fortune, but the country cannot. Without a prestigious reputation as a deterrent, it would be inconvenient to do anything.

Army Minister Yevgeny: "There are not only diplomatic problems, but also military difficulties. Our troops in the Far East are limited, and the Japanese can mobilize several times more troops to participate in the war.

Strategic contraction would have been the best choice, but the empire We are not ready for war and have limited supplies in various places.

In order to ensure logistics, we can only divide our troops to stand up and resist, buying time for reinforcements to arrive.

From a military point of view, no matter what we do now, nothing can compare to the Siberian Railway The opening to traffic is important.

I propose that from now on, the Siberian Railway will be constructed day and night non-stop, and strive to open to traffic in the shortest time. Secondly, a material procurement group should be organized immediately to go to Europe to purchase strategic materials. If it is too late, the Japanese will preempt them."   To add insult to injury , the Japanese will overtake us.

, maybe!
However, politics is inherently a trap for those who are loyal to each other. Someone will always be held responsible for strategic misjudgments. If the Prime Minister does not take the blame, everyone will.

Taking responsibility doesn't mean packing up and leaving immediately. When to leave one's job has to be seen from the battlefield. If the front line wins, everyone will also be happy.

Sergey Witte of the original time and space was forced to resign a year later because he took responsibility and the Russian army continued to lose on the front line. In order to give an explanation to the country.

As for the anti-war and political discord with the Tsar on the Internet in later generations, that is complete nonsense, and it is probably not even an inducement.

The Russo-Japanese War was initiated by the Japanese. The Tsarist government only responded passively and had no choice at all. The anti-war can't just let the front line be beaten without fighting back, right?
If there are political disagreements, that would be even more nonsense. Since Nicholas II succeeded to the throne, Sergei Witte has been an important minister of the Tsarist government. He stayed there for more than ten years and was promoted to prime minister.

If there were really political disagreements, there would be no drama at all. According to Nicholas II's style, those who didn't like him were usually kicked away.

If given the choice, Yevgeny would not want to add insult to injury. But there is no other way. If he continues to be in trouble, it will be his turn to be unlucky soon.

War is not a child's play. No one knows what the situation is like on the front line better than him, the Minister of War.

If we don't get vaccinated in advance, what will happen if a series of defeats follow?

Looking at the wording, we can see that "divide the troops and garrison", "resist step by step", and "buy time", which are clearly to prepare everyone to accept "defeat on the front line".

The overturn is still after the opening of the Siberian Railway. Who made the construction of this railway start later than the original time and space?
Even if the lives of French workers are not taken seriously, there is no way to open the railway at once!

The situation has collapsed, and the people below are still fighting for power and shirking responsibilities. Even if Nicholas II's Qi cultivation skills have improved, he can't help it.

I saw him slamming the table and angrily yelling: "At what point did you not want to solve the problem, but instead you are here to blame each other, don't forget your identity!" This is what every monarch has to face. The problem. People below are in harmony with each other, so we have to worry about collusion; people below are constantly fighting, which will affect the efficiency of political governance.

In a sense, this is also the contradiction of the monarch.

In normal times, everyone likes to play with power checks and balances and let those below fight with each other; at critical moments, they hope that those below will unite.

There is no doubt that bureaucrats who satisfy both requirements at the same time do not exist. Most people are selfish, and bureaucrats are no exception. Everyone must consider themselves first.

Don't think that they really like political struggle. More often than not, there is nothing they can do. Where there are people, there are Jianghu, and where there are bureaucrats, there are factions.

Even if he wanted to stop, the people below would not agree. Most of the time, taking a step back politically does not lead to a bright future, but to an abyss.

For example, now, if the ministers' positions are unified, Nicholas II may be happy on the surface, but he will definitely not be able to sleep at night.

As for solving the problem?

In fact, various departments have already started taking action. The Ministry of Finance is trying to raise money, the Ministry of War is mobilizing troops and generals, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is working as hard as a swarm of bees.

Actions are actions, but most of these actions are passive. No one can expect that everyone will come up with a perfect plan in just a few hours.

Had Nicholas II held a meeting later, things would have definitely been much better. No matter how bad it is, it won't be just a bunch of nutritious clichés.

...

In the Far East, as the initiator of this war, Japan showed unprecedented fanaticism. As soon as the Japanese government issued a recruitment order, a wave of soldiers joined the army.

In particular, the people in Tokyo, perhaps stimulated by the previous embassy case, are particularly enthusiastic now.

Whether it is government agencies, schools, shops, or factories, slogans saying "Avenge the Shame" are now hanging out.

The felon who was sentenced to death in the embassy case has now been invited to the shrine as a hero, and various folk sacrificial activities are also ongoing.

If it weren't for the concern about the face of the envoys, the Japanese government would probably have gone to pay homage in person. In short, the previous trial results have now been overturned by the Japanese.

Even Japanese students who were already preparing to take the Nanyang University entrance examination have now put down their books and devoted themselves to this war that will determine the fate of the nation.

In the context of the whole people clamoring for revenge, the few rationalists simply cannot afford to make waves.

"Anti-war", that doesn't exist. Even members of the anti-war faction have obediently kept their mouths shut. At most, they think about it secretly when no one is around.

Even foreigners in Japan are affected. As an ally of the Russians, the Shinra Embassy in Tokyo has been keeping a low profile in recent times.

From this perspective, the Russian embassy case is still valuable to Japan. At least it has dealt a blow to the arrogance of embassies in various countries.

As the saying goes, those who are barefoot are not afraid of those who wear shoes. Now Japan is the one who is barefoot. National sentiment has been mobilized to the extreme and will explode with the slightest stimulation.

But this kind of mental stimulation obviously cannot last long. This situation could continue for a long time if the frontline armies kept winning.

On the contrary, once the frontline army suffers a major defeat. The fragile Japanese national spirit will immediately trigger an avalanche.

Betting on the fate of the country is not only about the army and colonies, but also about the national spirit.

Today, Japan has once again embarked on the old path of the original time and space, losing everything. If it wins, the nation will be reborn from the ashes, forging the foundation of a great country, and adding another great power to the world.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1091: Fiction and Reality
Plans never change quickly. They were originally planning to trick the Russians, Franz, but as soon as they took action, the plan failed - the economic crisis came.

When the free trade system collapsed, Shinra suffered the greatest losses, but France was the first to collapse.

There was no way, first it was severely beaten by the European War, and then it was harmed by the Russians. France, who has a great family and a great business, was also tortured to the point of losing his temper.

After the Russian troops withdrew, with the help of the Vienna government, the French economy began to slowly recover.

Everything is developing in a good direction, but it is a pity that the huge debt burden has destroyed the healthy growth of France's economic ecology.

The dividends of economic recovery, in addition to increasing employment and meeting the basic needs of the people, the rest went into the pockets of the anti-French alliance countries in the form of reparations.

After the collapse of the free trade system, the economies of all European countries have been affected, and France is no exception.

Without an adequate economic moat, the fragile economy collapsed directly in the first wave of shocks, directly triggering an economic crisis.

Under the free trade system, the economic ties between European countries are already very close and cannot be interrupted all at once.

The French economy is in crisis, and European countries are inevitably affected. Before Franz could react, the economic crisis began to sweep across the European continent.

Economic crises are always accompanied by overcapacity and unsaleable goods, and this time is no exception. Everyone is worried about the unsalable products, so raising the prices of strategic materials has naturally become a dream.

I don't know whether to say that Japan and Russia have good luck or bad luck.

In the context of the economic crisis, the financial problems faced by Japan and Russia are no longer a problem.

There are pros and cons. In order to divert the domestic crisis, Britain and Shinra will support the two countries in their shopping spree, which means that the Russo-Japanese War will be unprecedentedly brutal.

It just so happens that Japan and Russia are both masters who can afford to die. Theoretically, as long as the money and supplies are sufficient, the two countries can continue to fight.

When it will end depends on the tone in your heart and when it will be released.

Of course, it is estimated that the financial backers behind will retreat before they can no longer bear it.

After all, the Japanese and Russian governments have no choice. The London and Vienna governments are still awake and have to weigh the pros and cons.

With his hands gently tapping on the Taishi chair, Franz fell into deep contemplation.

Unlike Japan, which bowed to Britain and acted like a small country, the tsarist government next door was a big rogue, and it was almost 100% likely that the country would borrow money but not repay it.

Russia and Austria are allies, and it is our duty to support our allies. So money must still be borrowed, but the Vienna government must also have a stop-loss line and cannot invest unlimited amounts.

This degree is not easy to grasp. Even though Franz has been emperor for so many years, he cannot easily make up his mind.

Money or not is not a problem. The key is that the country is not a country of one person. Even the emperor must consider the reaction of the people.

As an ally, everyone can understand that the government supports the tsarist government, but everyone's willingness to support it, or their expectations, is different.

Once it crosses the bottom line of most people, there will be an internal backlash. As a qualified monarch, these issues must be taken into consideration.

Not only does Shinra need to face it, the British government also needs to consider it, and even more needs to be considered.

The Russian-Austrian alliance lasted for several generations. There was a large group of pro-Russian factions within the HRE, and most people had a good impression of the Russians.

Britain is different. What the hell is the Anglo-Japanese Alliance? It is estimated that 99% of British people are unwilling to admit that they are allies with Japan.

There was no other reason than that he felt that it was embarrassing to form an alliance with an indigenous country in the Far East. It was not worthy of the British world empire.

In particular, Japan's recent outrageous actions have exposed its "barbaric" image, which is even more unacceptable to the proud British people.

Just as truth is in the hands of a few, power is also in the hands of a few, so opposition is ineffective and the Anglo-Japanese alliance continues.

After pondering for a long time, Franz slowly said: "Prepare for war!"

Frederick's face, sitting opposite, changed drastically. At this time, "prepare for war" did not mean "prepare for war" in the general sense, but meant that the British The Austrian decisive battle is coming forward.

According to the original plan, the decisive battle with Britain would break out ten years later, and the Russo-Japanese War was just a practice before the world war.

"Why advance?"

Frederick blurted out.

Fortunately, they were the only ones here, otherwise Frederick wouldn't be the only one asking "why".

Compared with Britain, HRE has a clear advantage in development potential. It can be said that the longer the decisive battle is delayed, the more beneficial it will be to Shinra.

If Britain was a Japanese model, it would have taken desperate measures and attacked Shinra in advance.

In fact, the fact that the struggle for hegemony between Britain and HRE has not erupted until now is also due to the rationality of British politicians.

Knowing that waiting would be increasingly detrimental to Britain. But there is no way. The situation of Shinra is already established. At most, they will be locked up in the Mediterranean Sea, and the lobster soldiers will not dare to land at all.

For politicians, it is undoubtedly not worth taking the risk of failure without being able to win the final victory.

Anyway, there is no evergreen tree in politics, as long as he continues the glory of Britain during his term of office, it is enough. Your name is yours during life and death, and your troubles are your next generation's.

Those with a conscience, or a strong sense of patriotism, would try every means to cause trouble for Shinra in other ways. Anyway, it would be impossible to end it personally.

Successive British governments have operated in this way, and with the deliberate cooperation of the Vienna government, the current situation has finally been formed.

If nothing unexpected happens, this situation can continue for decades until Britain itself declines.

From this perspective, the original plan to challenge British hegemony ten years later was considered radical.

Now that the decisive battle time has been advanced again, let alone that. This radical style is obviously inconsistent with Franz's usual steady style.

Standing up and walking to the window, he stuck his head out and looked out. Franz said slowly: "What a rare opportunity!

According to the current situation, after the Russo-Japanese War, the Russian Empire will inevitably suffer heavy losses. In addition, due to the arrangements we have made, It will not be easy for the tsarist government to retain power.

Without the threat from the east, it is the best time for us to have a decisive battle with the British. Even if the navy cannot win, if it takes three to five years, the British will be exhausted by us.

In recent years, the British government has been constantly wooing allies overseas. The United States has turned to them. Many countries in the Americas are also showing signs of being wooed, including countries in Europe that are ready to make moves.

Although these countries have limited strength and cannot change the overall situation, trouble will always remain. It's trouble.

If the British go crazy and continue to export technology to other countries and arm these countries, even if we win hegemony, it will be difficult to control the world after the war.

Especially the United States, which has a certain industrial base, if Coupled with the support of the British, it is likely to become our strong enemy in the Americas in the future.

For the empire, the future not only means advantages, but is also accompanied by uncertainty. And the longer it is delayed, the more variables may occur. The bigger.

Nothing in this world is perfect. Instead of waiting for a future full of uncertainty, it's better to take action in advance.” Well, Franz admitted that he was timid. The fire cannot be contained in paper. The Vienna government's evil hand against the Tsarist government will be leaked sooner or later.

Regardless of which government dominates Russian politics in the future, this will end the Russian-Austrian alliance.

It would be fine if it fell apart. If the Soviet Union was released early, it would be a problem.

Of course, with the current strength of Shinra, it will naturally not be afraid of a nascent Soviet Union. The problem is that there are still British people!

With John Bull's ability, it was almost inevitable that the Russians, who were mentally unbalanced after the war, would join the anti-HRE alliance.

Rather than reacting passively, it is better to take the initiative. They have to fight anyway, so why not give the British a chance to connect.

It happened that the Russo-Japanese War provided cover for the Vienna government to prepare for war. By the time Japan and Russia were almost at war, Shinra's war preparations were almost completed, catching the British by surprise.

Once Shinra became the only overlord, it would not be a problem to have a black hand against the Tsarist government. No matter which government is in power, they will always choose to remain deaf and dumb.

Politics is always determined by strength. As long as one's own strength is strong enough, all problems are not problems.

...

The Vienna government maintained its usual high efficiency, and with Franz's order, war preparations were in full swing.

However, these preparations were labeled as "aiding Russia", which made it look like the Vienna government was fully supporting the Tsarist government.

In line with the principle of putting on a show and doing it all, on March 12, 1904, the Shinra Banking Group signed the "War Loans Basket Agreement" with the Tsarist government.

The treaty includes a war loan of 300 million Aegis and the sale of 500 million Aegis war bonds. It is expected to raise 800 million for the Tsarist government in the next three years.

After the news spread, the European world immediately exploded. This huge loan not only broke the world record for a single loan, but also announced to the world the determination of the Vienna government to support the Russians.

You must know that a week before the loan treaty was signed, the Shinra Embassy in Tokyo announced its evacuation. Looking at these things together, it is not just a matter of supporting the Russians.

It's not that everyone thinks so, but the Vienna government's approach is too surprising. It is all telling the world that the Russo-Japanese War is a continuation of the struggle between HRE and Britain for hegemony.

The thunder did not fall all at once. Before everyone could come up with a result, on April 14, 1904, Russia and Austria signed the "Naval Development Memorandum".

According to the treaty, in the next two years, the Holy Roman Empire will build 8 super battleships, 24 destroyers, and 16 cruisers for the Tsarist government... Not to mention all of them are completed, even if they are half completed, the Russian Navy can Become the third largest naval power in the world.

Military novices are immersed in the generosity of Russia and Austria. People with a little military knowledge have a question in their minds: how can the tsarist government afford to build so many warships at one time?
How can you afford it? No one can answer this question. A large group of people, including within the tsarist government, were in a state of confusion.

Those with knowledge of the matter will not come forward to explain. Anyway, the treaty has already been signed. The public news is: organize an ocean-going fleet and expedition to Japan.

...

Tokyo, as one of the parties involved, the Japanese government, is now completely confused.

Emperor Meiji: "Who can tell me what happened in Europe? Why did the Austrians do this?"

I have seen people who support allies, but I have never seen anyone who is so supportive.

It's okay to spend a lot of money, but the worst thing is that Shinra is rich and powerful. But it would be too much to package the most advanced warships for sale.

Everyone believes that the Russians are going to conquer Japan; the Siberian Railway has not yet been opened to traffic, and the best way for the Tsar to win is to attack from the sea.

Different from the original time and space, now the Russians have the support of allies, there is no lack of supplies and maintenance along the way, and the risk of the fleet's expedition is much smaller.

But to deal with the broken ships of the Japanese Navy, there is no need to be so generous, right?

Not to mention 8 super battleships, as long as 2 super battleships lead the team, plus the current wealth of the Russian Navy, it is enough to complete an expedition.

Ito Hirobumi: "Your Majesty, with the financial resources of the Russian Empire, it is simply impossible to support such a large fleet.

Even if they purchase warships for the war, with the relationship between Russia and Austria, they can also buy active warships from the Shinra , there is no need to waste time ordering new ships.

There are only two countries in the world that have the financial resources to purchase so many warships at one time.

If the order is true, then most of these warships were purchased by Shinra, and the targets are very Maybe it's Britain.

The name of the Russians is probably just to deceive others.

With the strength of the HRE Navy, if these warships are added, the gap between them and the Royal Navy will be smoothed, and they may even occupy The upper hand.

But it still doesn't make sense. If Shinra wanted to catch the British off guard, they could build ships secretly.

Their colony is so vast, and it is not impossible to find a few hidden ports to build shipyards.

Now it's like this As soon as there was a commotion, the British were attracted to it. As soon as the shipyard started construction, the British would follow up and would not give them an opportunity to take advantage of it.

From this point of view, the naval agreement between Russia and Austria is likely to be A bluff, deliberately putting pressure on us and luring us into being fooled.

But this is also very irrational. Even if we were really fooled, the empire would not be able to build so many warships..."

His own reasoning was overturned by himself. , Ito Hirobumi was also helpless. But to be responsible to the Japanese Empire, he could only tell the truth.

It's okay if he doesn't explain it, but Emperor Meiji will be even more confused when he explains it like this. The only thing that is certain is that one of Ito Hirobumi's several guesses must be correct.

Which one is the truth? Sorry, this is too embarrassing. When it comes to the future of the country, no one dares to make judgments by guessing riddles.

Foreign Minister Kaoru Inoue: "We have already contacted the British, and they cannot determine the true purpose of Russia and Austria. It is still under investigation. However, the loan contract has been verified, and the tsarist government did borrow a huge loan from the Shinra. The first batch of 30 million Aegis has been deposited into the account of the Tsarist government.

The war bonds issued by the Russians are also appearing in the financial markets of various European countries. Perhaps because of the increase in interest rates, the sales of the bonds are not bad. "

This is a sad topic. If the Russians' war bonds are selling well, it means that the Japanese government's war bonds are not selling well.

After all, war bonds were a gamble. Only the winners will cash out. If you buy the war bonds of the defeated country, you will waste your money.

In any case, the influence of the Russians in the European world far exceeds that of Japan. Regardless of their personal feelings, speculators still believed that the Russians had a better chance of winning.

In the original time and space, the Japanese government's war bonds were not easy to sell. In the end, it was Jewish capital that bought them at the bottom in order to fight against Russia.

Of course, there is also a theory that the British and American governments made hints and asked Jewish capital to buy it.

The truth is no longer important. Anyway, the Japanese government's war bonds were really unpopular with the capital market in the early days of the war.

As for the Russians' bad reputation, that's not a problem. The bonds are not bought by the consortium itself. The capital only earns handling fees from them. In the end, it is Leek who pays the bill.

Old Leek has lingering fears for the Russian people, but New Leek doesn't know that! There was no Internet, so everyone's thoughts would be led wherever the newspapers said it.

Emperor Meiji breathed a sigh of relief when he heard that the British had intervened in the investigation. The Vienna government's generosity was really shocking.

The HRE gave the Tsarist government a level of support that the London government could never achieve. Although there is more than one financial backer behind the Japanese government, the United States in this time and space just makes up the numbers.

After the division of the United States, it is not a question of 3-1=2. After losing the fertile soil in the south, the Washington government became increasingly ineffective in restraining the states.

It can be seen from the location of the capital that as long as the central government is strong, it will not put itself under the enemy's gun.

One of the most important reasons why this happened is that the states failed to reach an agreement on moving the capital, and in the end they could only maintain the status quo.

Although they are in the same country, the interests and needs of each state are also different. When making laws, everyone starts from their own interests and rarely considers the overall situation.

Each has its own team and cannot be unified, and economic development will naturally be greatly affected.

These problems of original time and space have continued into the 21st century and have not been completely solved, let alone now.

In the United States these days, there is no way to print dollars to compensate states whose interests have been harmed in the policy-making process. It is difficult for the central government to intervene.

Therefore, the only ones who can really spend money are the British. The United States is essentially what the British have brought in to make up the money. At most, they can only sell a part of the war bonds, and there is no need to think about more support.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1092: Spies:
Any open secret is not a secret. It's just a matter of hoarding ordinary strategic materials and labeling them as aid to Russia. Big things like warships can't keep secrets at all.

Finding a hidden port and secretly producing is even more of a joke. Today is different from the past. Today's battleships can move tens of thousands of tons, which requires the mobilization of a lot of manpower and material resources.

Unless Shinra is trying to isolate itself from the country, once the normal flow of goods reaches a large scale, it will be impossible to keep the secrets secret.

Hiding and tucking, those are the thoughts of children. In reality, it's simply impossible to do.

The era of free trade has accelerated the circulation of goods and capital, and also created conditions for spies to lurk.

Since the signing of the Russian-Austrian naval agreement, major shipyards in the Holy Roman Empire have become the focus of spies.

It is naturally impossible to go directly inside to view. Such stupid spies were eliminated long ago in the last century.

Now everyone has learned to look at things from the side, for example, by counting the number of workers entering and leaving the shipyard every day, transportation vehicles, and price fluctuations in the raw material market, and analyzing and drawing conclusions.

Needless to say, the accuracy rate is not much higher than guessing riddles. The raw materials have been transported in, but what exactly they were used for is not something that the outside world can know.

The shipyard not only builds warships, but also commercial ships. Even if it is building a warship, it is still impossible to determine what specifications of warship to build.

Britain has not experienced this once or twice because of intelligence errors and wrong judgments. Except for a few cases where it was a true mistake, most of the time it was a deliberate mistake by the Royal Navy.

Thinking back to the previous arms races, the Vienna government had an ambitious shipbuilding plan every time. Although it did not end well, the shipbuilding time would be extended by "a few hundred million points."

The same shipbuilding plan can be completed in two or three years and completed in more than ten years, which are completely different concepts.

Technology is constantly improving. The later a warship is built, the better its performance will be.

At a certain period of time, building warships together seemed very impressive, but in fact it was giving up the opportunity to optimize the performance of warships.

learn from mistakes.

It has been fooled many times, and the British government has learned its lesson. No matter how serious the Royal Navy's statement is, the London government must first investigate clearly before deciding whether to follow up.

This time was no exception. After receiving the naval treaty signed by Russia and Austria, the British government immediately ordered an investigation.

...

Hamburg, since the Holy Roman Empire completed its unification, this ancient port city has become one of the shipbuilding centers of the Holy Roman Empire.

Especially after Shinra formed the North Sea Fleet, Hamburg's importance further increased, becoming the production and maintenance center for warships of the North Sea Fleet.

As the strategic position increases, more attention will be paid to it. As a member of the Naval Intelligence Department, Kabbah was stationed in the Free City of Hamburg to collect information on the construction of warships of the Shinra Navy.

There is no doubt that compared to most of his peers, Kabbah is responsible for collecting warship construction information, which is definitely a good job.

Unlike ordinary people, Kaba did not go directly to the shipyard, but chose to open a cafe in the steel wholesale market.

At the beginning, Kaba still recorded the data very seriously and studied and analyzed it carefully. As a result, due to errors in judgment and distortion of the intelligence submitted, he was severely criticized by his superiors.

After several consecutive failures, Kaba was hit hard and became passive and slow down in his work. It is too risky to make a judgment in advance, so just wait until the warship is launched before reporting.

The message did lag a little bit behind, but the accuracy rate reached 100%. Besides, no matter how slow it is, it's still faster than London newspapers, right?

Although he has never been praised, Kaba has never been criticized. After realizing that in the eyes of his superiors, no fault is equal to merit, Kaba's fighting spirit completely disappeared.

Benefiting from the rapid development of the Shinra economy, Kabbah did not make much achievements in intelligence collection. On the contrary, the cafe he ran was prosperous.

If it weren't for the fact that the Naval Intelligence Office also issued a subsidy and had to report news every once in a while, he would have almost forgotten that he was an intelligence officer.

Unfortunately, things always backfire. When Kaba doesn't want to work hard, orders from his superiors come.

Theoretically, if the Russian-Austrian naval treaty is true, in order to facilitate delivery, most of the warship construction sites should be in the north.

As an intelligence officer stationed in Hamburg, Kaba's order was to find out whether several local shipyards had undertaken the construction of warships and the specifications of the warships.

In short, the more detailed the information, the better. As for how to obtain information, that is a matter for the intelligence personnel below, and the superiors have nothing to do with it.

After closing the Bible and burning the translated note, Kaba was left with a look of bitterness on his face.

His years in Hamburg were certainly not in vain. There are some that develop naturally offline, but they have never been activated.

To be precise, these offline people did not know when they became British intelligence agents. The relationship with Kabbah is just an ordinary friendship.

The only difference is that most of these people are shipyard workers, or people who can enter and leave the shipyard for various reasons.

Well, just to get a few extra cents in salary. Those who do intelligence work usually have a single line of contact. London has no idea how many people there are.

It is impossible to verify it, because a check will lead to the identity of the lurking person being revealed. Anyone who is a little more flexible will receive a few more salaries.

It's fun to fake it, and then it's a crematorium.

Now Kabba feels like he is rushing to the "crematorium". Perhaps because he usually performs so well, his superiors overestimated his ability and issued this almost impossible order.

Has Hamburg's shipyard undertaken any warship construction tasks?
No need to think about it, Kabbadu can answer - yes. There are orders for warships every year, and the only difference lies in the size of the orders.

It is not difficult to even figure out the number of warships to build. There will always be clues revealed from the surrounding areas.

The trouble is to figure out the specifications of the warship, which is impossible to do. It is estimated that the police will come to the door before they can find out the parameters.

Not to mention those from outside, even the workers at the shipyard do not know the specific parameters of the warships. Before the warship was launched, the number of insiders was in the single digits, and anyone who wanted to buy it knew where to start.

No matter how great the difficulty is, Kaba must investigate. This is a fatal order.

After receiving a salary from the Naval Intelligence Service for so many years, how could he be allowed to back down when it was time to sacrifice his life and blood for Britain?

Looking at his sleeping wife and children, Kaba sighed helplessly. There is no way to escape, and no organization will show mercy to traitors.

Sleepless night.

The next day, Kabachian cheered up, picked up his abandoned business again, and began to pay attention to the entry and exit of vehicles.

Unfortunately, today is different from the past. With the booming development of the navigation industry, the shipbuilding industry has also risen with the tide.

The most prominent one is the demand for steel. Thousands of tons of steel come in and out of the Hamburg Steel Wholesale Center every day, most of which flows into the shipyard.

Today, civilian merchant ships also use a large amount of steel. It is no longer appropriate to judge whether to build warships purely based on steel consumption.

The most taboo thing about intelligence work is impetuousness. After all, even though he has received professional training, Kaba's mentality is still very peaceful.

...

Holding his little son in his arms and teasing him for a while, Kaba pretended to be calm and said: "My dear, there is a cocktail party tonight and I need to socialize. There is no need to leave food for me."

Usually, he would do this kind of social entertainment. Went with my wife. But it doesn't work now. He has returned to his old business, and Kaba doesn't want to involve his family in it.

Although she was a little confused, she looked at the child and her wife didn't say anything. She just told him, "Come back early and don't drink too much."

"I understand."

Kaba replied.

The relationship between middle-aged couples is often so simple and unpretentious. A few simple conversations are actually full of endless care.

As he drove his car slowly out, Kaba's heart became uneasy. Although Hamburg is a free city, it does not mean that Shinra's counterintelligence capabilities are weak.

Everyone knows that now is the critical moment for the battle between Shinra and Britain. If you win, everyone will enjoy the dividends together; if you lose, you will have to live a hard life together.

In a sense, now is also the time when the Holy Roman Empire is most united, with all levels of society waiting to receive Britain's legacy.

Free City is no exception. Many people who have missed the great development of Shinra are gearing up to show off their talents in this last wave.

Against this background, spies naturally have a difficult life. Once clues are revealed, they may be used for credit at any time.

You must know that meritorious deeds can be accumulated in the Holy Roman Empire, and no one can have too much of this stuff.

No matter how good a friend is, he cannot withstand the temptation of interests, especially if it involves the interests of the country and the nation, let alone that.

As night fell, the cocktail party also kicked off. The absent-minded Kaba remained motionless while holding the wine glass, as if he was in a daze.

"boom".

The sound of clinking wine glasses brought Kabbalah back to the real world. A familiar voice was already ringing in my ears.

"What's wrong, my friend? Your mental state is very wrong today. Could it be that you are in trouble?"

After looking at the visitor, Kaba calmly replied: "It's okay. I just didn't sleep well last night. I'm not in good condition today." Good.

It's not as good as it used to be. As we get older, we have less energy to do anything. I thought I could cheer up even if I had to stay up for three days and three nights, but now I can't stand it for even one night.

By the way, White. How have you been lately? What are you busy with? I haven't seen you for a long time."

After such an interruption, White was too embarrassed to ask further: "Then you have to take care of yourself. We can no longer afford to worry about it when we reach middle age.

Look at me , no matter how busy I am, I never forget to take a vacation. Recently, each task in the shipyard has become more urgent than the last, so I might as well take some time out to relax." The speaker was unintentional, but it sounded intentional.

The sentence "The shipyard has heavy tasks" reminded Kaba of a lot. It's just that he knows that this seemingly carefree friend is absolutely tight-lipped when it comes to confidentiality clauses.

In order not to arouse suspicion, Kaba pretended to be an amateur and tried: "Don't worry, I know how to take care of my health. If the child hadn't been making noises in the middle of the night, I wouldn't have suffered from insomnia.

On the contrary, it's you who have a heavy workload, so give more to your apprentices. Do it.

It happens that young people need opportunities to exercise. Give them more opportunities and you can relax.

Don't get so nervous that you don't even participate in daily activities."

White also wants to assign work to his apprentices. Do this. Everyone wants to be a hands-off shopkeeper, but unfortunately the reality is cruel.

Students who have just graduated from school do not have any work experience, so White cannot safely hand over important tasks to these fledglings.

Rolling his eyes, White made a helpless expression: "You think making coffee can be done by just one person.

My job is shipbuilding, building the most advanced ships in the world. Every technology and every plan adopted was finally determined after multiple verifications and deliberation.

Not to mention those guys, even me, an old engineer, can only follow along and be responsible for some simple processes most of the time.

..."

Before White could finish speaking, Kaba interrupted: "Stop talking, there is no point in talking about these professional things with me.

With all this time, we might as well study it..."

Ending the topic early, that is the information that can be found out. Now we all know it, and White will not talk about the deeper things at all.

Instead of taking the risk of being exposed and discussing in depth, It is better to give it up and continue to play his role as the owner of the cafe.

As for the task, it is enough to write a report to interpret the conversation just now.

After so many years of friendship, I have no idea about White's status in the shipyard. , Kaba still knows something about it.

Although he is not a big shot, he is still an absolute core engineer. White is responsible for the construction of most ships independently.

If he, a core engineer, is to take over, there is only one situation - construction Warships, and not just ordinary warships.

The construction site of a super battleship has been determined, and this information is enough to cope with it for a while. As for the specific parameters, it can be said that "has not yet been determined."

It is not a joke, many warships are being built At the beginning, only the designers and senior officials of the Navy knew the parameters and performance, and the engineers at the shipyard could only make rough judgments based on experience. Experience is undoubtedly unreliable. Shipbuilding technology is advancing, and the same warship size will Displacement is often very different.

When it comes to tonnage utilization, even if it is only increased by a few percentage points, the parameters of the final warship are very different.

Kaba can responsibly say that if you ask professionals to analyze and judge, the accuracy will not be the same. It will be much higher than what he estimated with his second sword.

After returning home, after some deep thinking, Kabbah wrote on a piece of paper that Klute Shipyard seemed to have received an order for a super battleship. The displacement is about "25,000 tons to 28,000 tons."

After a moment's pause, Kabbah crossed out the displacement judgment again, leaving only one suspected super battleship.

As for the information, it certainly cannot be submitted all at once. Only if the water flows slowly, can it be done. Being able to let their superiors know their frontline hardships.

Regardless of how much bonus they will get, Kabbah just looks forward to taking on a few fewer tasks and reducing the risk of his own exposure so that he can retire safely.

As for the "intelligence elite" who are often praised internally , it does seem that they have unlimited glory and a bright future, but Kabbah knows that these intelligence stars will be replaced every once in a while.

Although there is no explanation given above, Kabbah also knows what is going on. It is just that he is too busy at work. They worked hard and were exposed during the process of collecting intelligence.

As a shady organization, once the identity of the intelligence personnel is exposed, it not only means the failure of the mission, but also the end of life.

If it is a small or weak country, relying on the name of Britain The head may still be fished out.

If it falls into the hands of a big country, unless it meets a conscientious boss, it may be possible to return to the country during the exchange of intelligence personnel, otherwise it will be a question of when to step into the gate of hell.

In his many years of intelligence career, Kabbah has seen too much cruelty in the world and does not want to leave his fate to others.

...

There are salty intelligence officers and there are also struggling intelligence officers. With an order from the London government, the British government Several major intelligence organizations have become active.

The specific manifestation is that in the recent period, the number of spies arrested by the Shinra Police has reached new highs.

Facts have once again proved the truth of "doing more will make you wrong, but not doing more will make you better".

Not to mention at the beginning of the 20th century, even in the 21st century, it is very easy for spies to lurk.

It can be said that as long as nothing happens, there is no way to identify who is a spy. There is often only one reason for exposure, and that is "moving".

If you pay, you will be rewarded. Although the intelligence personnel have been exposed a lot, compared with the intelligence sent back, it is still worth it.

Downing Street, in the Prime Minister's official residence.

Looking at the information gathered from all over the place in his hand, Prime Minister Campbell's face became increasingly ugly.

The most worrying situation still happened. Shinra did start crazy shipbuilding, but the number of built was not the 8 super battleships stated on the surface, but 13.

There is no way to verify the authenticity of this number for a while. But whether it is 8 or 13, once so many super battleships are put into service, they will break Britain's sea power advantage.

HRE is different from Britain. As a land-based country, as long as it is five points sure, the Vienna government dares to play stud at sea.

If you win the bet for world hegemony, if you lose the bet, the worst thing you can do is stay in the Mediterranean and work hard for five years before the second decisive battle.

This is something that Britain cannot do. Not to mention the defeat of the Royal Navy, even if both sides suffer losses, Britain will fall from heaven to hell.

After it was determined that Shinra had begun to explode warships, the British government had only one choice - to follow up.

Not only must we keep up, but we must also build more warships to ensure the Royal Navy's superior position.

As for the Russian-Austrian naval agreement, Campbell simply regarded it as fart. Even if the agreement is genuine, the Vienna government will implement it as agreed.

But once a hegemonic war breaks out, the HRE Navy can be requisitioned first and then handed over to the Russians after the war is over. Can the Tsarist government still say "no"?
(End of chapter)


Chapter 1093 Comparing Speed.
Now the Minister of the Navy Swinding: "It is impossible for the Russians to purchase such a huge fleet. The Russian-Austrian naval agreement is just to deceive others. The real target of the Austrians is us.

The empire must take countermeasures and use absolute strength. , to dispel the enemy's unrealistic illusions."

This is an open secret that anyone with a discerning eye can see. To deal with the Japanese Navy, it is enough to use two super battleships as the main force.

The scale of the Shinra Navy itself is not small. If 13 super battleships are added, the advantage of the Royal Navy will no longer exist.

Although the strength on paper does not represent the ultimate combat effectiveness, the Royal Navy cannot afford to gamble. No one can guarantee that Shinra will not take action first when the balance is broken.

Although the Vienna government has always claimed to be "peace-loving," Emperor Franz the Great also made a promise to the outside world: He promised not to actively provoke war.

But in the face of interests, these guarantees cannot stand the test. The promise has not been broken, which only proves that the temptation of interests is not big enough.

If you really want to start a war, are you afraid that you can't find a reason?
Chancellor of the Exchequer Asquith: "Countermeasures are necessary, but how can we be sure that the enemy is really building ships?
In the past years , our shipbuilding pace has often been criticized because the enemy deliberately released false news. Interruption.

A large number of warships appear together at the same time, which seems to reduce the cost of shipbuilding, but in fact it is at the expense of optimizing the performance of warships and increasing maintenance costs. It doesn't matter once or twice, the more times the overall performance of the Imperial Navy warships will be, The enemy used such despicable means to bring us down a level.

If we can't change the situation of passively responding to the war, we will always be led by the enemy. Sooner or later, we will have to pay the price for this."

There is no way, if it happens. In addition to Franz's intelligence-focused opponent, Shinra has always regarded the shipyard as a firm target.

Based on the collected information, it is almost impossible to understand the core.

Even if they infiltrate, it will be useless. Shinra has more than a dozen shipyards that can build large warships, unless there are people in key positions in these factories at the same time.

Although Britain is rich in talents, it does not have the luxury to send dozens of senior engineers to work as undercover agents.

Ordinary intelligence personnel, even if they cheat and become management, they still cannot get specific parameters.

Most of the time, intelligence is collected in a casual way and then analyzed. Unfortunately, these can all be faked. Before the ship is launched, no one knows whether it is a merchant ship or a warship.

Similar frauds have occurred many times in the past years. Because the intelligence was not accurate enough, the London government often made misjudgments.

Of course, intelligence inaccuracies are mutual. The British government was unclear about Shinra's shipbuilding situation, and the Vienna government was also unclear about the parameters of British warships.

The main reason why the British government fell into a passive position is because they are defensive and have many things in plain sight.

As a challenger, it doesn't matter if the Shinra Navy has a few more or fewer warships. Anyway, they are no match for the Royal Navy.

The British cannot. They must ensure that the Royal Navy has a 100% advantage. Being at a disadvantage at any time may give the enemy an opportunity to take advantage.

In this context, many times the British government has no choice but to bite the bullet, knowing that it may be deceived.

It's just that you can be fooled twice, but if you get tricked continuously, it won't make sense.

Yes, I understand that the government has no choice but to do so. But there are always only a few knowledgeable people in this world, and the most people still don't know.

It's okay to have criticisms from the people, but it's the parliament that's in trouble. Many lawmakers believe that these mistakes are false information fabricated by the Royal Navy in order to defraud shipbuilding funds.

These pressures are not only borne by the military, but also by the Ministry of Finance, which is often criticized as a "waste of taxpayers' money."

Interior Minister Azevedo explained: "There is no way around this. The Austrians have blocked the news very tightly, and our people can't get close at all.

Even if they bribe the shipbuilders, they can't stop the enemy from using the technical standards for building warships." Build commercial ships. You must know that before the hull is formed, there is an opportunity to change the purpose.

Unless we delay making decisions for several months at a time, errors in judgment are inevitable."

Mo said that the purpose of the hull is changed before the hull is formed. , even if the main structure is completed, it can still be modified.

Warships are expensive not just because of their high construction costs, but also because of their high maintenance costs. In contrast, merchant ships are different and can create value in themselves.

In this context, Shinra spent money to engage in strategic deception. After Britain followed up, the price that had to be paid was tens of times higher.

So much so that now, the British government only cares about super battleships, and simply ignores other small warships and just follows its own pace.

The British government was naturally very angry about this unfavorable situation. If it weren't for the fact that most of the main force of the Shinra Navy was hiding in the Mediterranean and acting as local overlords, they would have gone on the offensive a long time ago.

It's a pity that reality is cruel. The Shinra Navy seems determined to stay in its comfort zone and refuse to come out.

You want to be provocative, but although the main force of the navy is immobile, the army is moving more actively than anyone else.

Britain has HRE's weakness in its hands, and HRE also holds Britain's key points. If a quarrel breaks out, the end result will probably be a lose-lose situation.

Politicians are all realistic and live a good life, and no one is willing to risk all their wealth.

Prime Minister Campbell sighed and said: "After delaying for several months, it is impossible to wait for the matter to be finalized before making a decision.

The Holy Roman Empire was no ordinary enemy. Their industrial strength is very strong. If they find a loophole and start building a dozen super battleships at once, with a time lag, we will regret it.

Let's be prepared first, and then let the intelligence personnel confirm as much as possible. If no problems are found, then finalize our shipbuilding plan as soon as possible.

The situation is not that bad, and apart from the uncertainty of whether the Austrians are playing tricks, there is also good news.

The Russo-Japanese War has broken out, and the threat from India has been relieved for the time being. With such a good opportunity to weaken the Russians, I don't believe that the Vienna government will not be tempted.

Regardless of Emperor Franz's solemn promise to do his best to support his allies, that's just words.

Looking at the several foreign wars of the Russians in recent decades, when have they been missing, and in which time have they given their full support?
HRE has very little interest in the Far East, and the enthusiasm shown by the Vienna government has long exceeded the boundaries of allies. There must be something wrong here.

The Russians are not fools and will come to their senses sooner or later. If Shinra's support is insufficient and they suffer heavy losses in the war, Russia and Austria will part ways.

If we take the opportunity to manipulate it again, it is very likely that they will turn against each other. The Foreign Office must be prepared to win over the Russians, we need strong allies now. "

It's better than I don't know. It's shocking to compare. Although Britain's shipbuilding industry is developed, the number of large shipyards is still very limited, and there are even fewer capable of building large warships.

If they really go all out to increase production capacity, they The odds of winning are not high. After all, the industrial strength gap between the two sides is huge, and no one knows where the limit of Shinra is.

Unknowingly, Britain has put itself into an extremely embarrassing situation.

Realizing the crisis, life is still going on We must live on as usual. Whether the hegemony will fall will ultimately be decided on the battlefield.

"A flower never blooms forever, and a person never lasts forever."

The situation is getting more and more serious. What the British government can do now is to continue Britain as long as possible. Brilliant, don't let the glory fall in your own hands.

Of course, the situation is not good, but the British Empire is still strong, and it is far from the time when the oil is exhausted.

The most critical reason for falling into strategic passivity is that on the European continent The lack of powerful fighters makes it difficult to gather the anti-HRE force.

The French cannot be counted on, and the Russians have become Britain's only hope. But "hope" is not very reliable either. Even if they form an alliance, the backlash will The possibility is also very high.

Nowadays, when choosing generals among short people, you can only "take advantage of shortcomings." No matter how unreliable the Russians are, they are still more useful than the bunch of walleyes on the European continent.

With Britain and Russia taking the lead, The anti-"Shinra" alliance has almost been born. With the addition of the United States, Japan, Chile, Colombia and other countries, the lineup is almost enough.

Even if Shinra cannot be killed, it can continue Britain's hegemony for a long time. Years. At least for their generation, hegemony can be sustained.

Foreign Secretary Adam Wingard: "Relax, Prime Minister. We have done what we should do. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has long expressed goodwill to the Russians through a third party, but it is a pity that the tsarist government does not buy it.

Now they still have illusions about HRE, especially after getting the loan from the Vienna government, the Russians don't take us seriously anymore.

Changing the political stance of the Tsarist government is not a matter of overnight. I hope this war can wake them up. "

Complaints are complaints, and it can be seen from the smile on his face that Wen Jiade is not angry.

Britain and Russia were enemies to begin with, and now Britain is supporting their enemy the Japanese. The Tsarist government, as long as it has no brains, will Know how to choose.

Doing something you know you can't do is naturally not because Wen Jiade is full and wants to ask for trouble.

From the beginning, the British government has no hope of releasing so-called "goodwill" to ease the conflict with the Russians. Relations.

Now through a third-party transfer, the main purpose is to inform the Russians and let the Tsarist government understand that besides the Holy Roman Empire, they have a choice and not to go all the way with the Holy Roman Empire.

"Turn enemies into friends" , has never been a simple matter. This is true between people, and it is also true between countries. It requires the right time, right place and right people at the same time.

Now the British Foreign Office has only planted a seed in the hearts of top Russian officials. , as to whether it can take root and sprout, we have to wait for the development of the future situation.

...

The British are taking action, and the Vienna government is not idle either. Although it is not recruiting people to form alliances, it is also strengthening and consolidating relations with existing allies . Under the pretext of sanctioning Britain for destroying free trade without authorization, at the call of the Vienna government, the Third World Economic Summit was grandly held in Vienna on April 26, 1904. The scene was intense, but it is a pity that the word "world" has become unworthy of the name. .Except for the European countries, which have sent important figures to participate, most other countries have just dealt with the matter.

The words "weeds on the wall" are used by various countries, which is very vivid.

There is no need to be angry, this is to be expected. . In this world where the jungle prevails, small countries have always been precarious. It can be said that every time you take sides, it is a decision of fate.

If you don't stand on the wall, there will be grass growing in the grave. In order to survive, everyone can only rely on the strong.

Can Sending people to attend the meeting is to give face. Those who send important figures to participate can basically default to "taking sides." In a sense , this Vienna Economic Summit is another verification of geopolitics.

European countries support On the one hand, Shinra is optimistic that Shinra can win, but more importantly, it still has no choice.

If you don't attend the meeting, what if you are regarded as an accomplice of the British and are sanctioned together?
This is good luck. I am afraid that before the war for hegemony breaks out, the Vienna government will clear the area in advance and deal with them first.

As for offending the British, there is nothing we can do about it. We can only try our best to find ways to remedy it.

If Franz guessed correctly, at the same time as the delegation set off, a secret delegation also rushed to London.

Know what you know, be confused when you should be confused. It is human nature to weigh the pros and cons, and everyone does this just to survive.

Franz never had high expectations for these allies. It was enough as long as these guys could follow the flag and not cause trouble at critical moments.

The fight for hegemony must be done by oneself. Relying on allies, even if you win, your foundation will not be stable.

When friends come, they must be received. Fortunately for Franz, as a long-lived person in the world of European monarchs, he has enough privileges.

Being able to show up at the welcome banquet will give everyone enough face, so don't think about anything more.

In contrast, Frederick was tragic. As the Crown Prince of the Empire, he is the center of attention wherever he goes, and is surrounded by a bunch of people every day.

However, in the face of these uninvited guests, Frederick could not dismiss them at will, so he had to bite the bullet and go out to socialize.

Looking at his haggard son, Franz didn't know what to say. It seems that back then, I was also...

well, this comparison is not suitable. The situation was completely different. Franz succeeded to the throne just after he came of age.

The emperor and the crown prince are different because of their different identities and different ways of doing things.

"Let's push forward the entertainment later on. Don't attend all the banquets. It's not necessary.

If you really can't save face, let your cousins ​​handle it. Don't shoulder everything yourself."

Frankly speaking, Philip Terry is so busy, and Franz is also responsible. If he hadn't sent his other sons overseas, Frederick wouldn't have been exhausted.

"Cousin", although he is also a direct member of the Habsburg dynasty, his identity is still different, and the meaning he represents is also different.

If nothing else, you can tell just by looking at the title. Even if the emperor's son is not a prince, the title of Grand Duke is still indispensable, but the son of a Grand Duke is not necessarily a Grand Duke.

Especially after the reform of the aristocratic system is completed, some nephews who have not yet completed the gilding may only have a "lord" on their heads.

Of course, the aristocratic world not only looks at the title, but also pays more attention to the surname behind it.

Although letting these little guys go into battle seems to be a slight, Franz believes that those who can come over are friends and will not mind such a small flaw.

Taste showed a hint of blame, and Frederick explained: "Now that I know my father, I will pay attention. The main reason is that a few old friends who have not seen each other for many years are here, and I have a little more time to socialize."

Hearing "Friends" "" Two words, Franz's whole body felt bad. After coming to this world for so many years, I have everything but no friends.

There is no way, the monarch's world is lonely. In his youth, Franz showed extraordinary maturity and could not play with his peers.

While everyone was still studying and playing, he had already become the emperor. The gap in status only increases the distance.

Not to mention the older generation, everyone is an old fox, and they have to guard against being plotted together, let alone "friends".

There are gains and losses, and nothing is perfect in this world. If he hadn't heard Frederick mention it, Franz would have almost forgotten the word "friend".

After coming back to his senses, Franz waved his hand and said: "Okay, just know what you have in mind.

This economic summit is just a formality. It would be best to reach a few economic agreements. Don't force it if you can't reach an agreement.

The next focus of the work is "ship building". Although we have released false news, it probably won't fool us for a few days. The next step is to compare speed with the British. Whose warship comes into service first, then in the next hegemony In the battle for supremacy, whoever can take the first move will be able to take advantage.

At the shipyard, you should spend more time and keep an eye on it. Speed ​​up the progress as much as possible without affecting the quality."

To compete for maritime hegemony, it is natural to "play dumplings" . Several major shipyards in the Holy Roman Empire have begun operation.

Naturally, such a big news could not be kept secret, and Franz did not expect it to be kept secret.

Releasing smoke bombs to confuse British judgment mainly provides material for quarrels in the British Parliament.

True or false, false or true, there are multiple versions of the number of ships built. No matter which one the British believe, they will have to discuss it for several days.

To make an immediate decision would be inconsistent with the fundamental conditions of Britain. Even if the government can reach an agreement, the parliament will still have to quarrel.

For the Holy Roman Empire, which wants to grab time, every day now is crucial. Every extra day gained increases the Navy's chances of winning.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1094: Being Diligent and Frugal
The warship game of "dumplings" is never fun. It not only tests a country's industry, but also tests a country's pockets.

If you look at the military budget, you will know that due to the influence of the ship-building competition, the military budget of the Shinra Navy in 1904 was directly increased by 100 million.

Obviously, all this money cannot be used to build ships. Just building a dozen capital ships doesn't cost that much. More is spent on supporting equipment and expanding the army.

Since the end of the European War, the HRE Navy has begun a path of rapid development. In order to compete for military expenditures, the Navy and the Air Force joined forces a few years ago to challenge the Army.

Although unsuccessful, the Navy's share of military expenditures increased. With the advent of the "Super Battleship Era", the HRE Navy also entered a golden age.

Since 1900, several naval academies in HRE began to expand their enrollment. From the initial enrollment of more than 2,000 people per year, it has gradually expanded to the current enrollment of more than 3,000 people per year.

It is naturally incomparable with the Army's generous recruitment of tens of thousands of people every year, but the Navy's demand for officers is far less than that of the Army.

The reason is very simple. The main strategic goal of the Shinra Navy at the moment is to defeat the British, not to maintain world hegemony.

To achieve this goal, the most cost-effective option is to build capital ships. Others, such as battlecruisers, seem to be of great importance, but are not economical to use in decisive battles.

It's not that black technology doesn't exist, but it's not safe enough. For example: aircraft carrier, another example: submarine.

They are all powerful in combat, but require a specific battlefield. No one can guarantee that the British can be led to a decisive battle on a specific battlefield, so naturally we cannot place our hopes on the British being stupid.

If the battlefield were in the Atlantic Ocean, the wind and waves alone would be enough to stop the aircraft carrier, and it would not be impossible to fight forcefully, but the final outcome would definitely be a tragedy.

Not to mention submarines, they can't be too far away from the battlefield, otherwise the war will be over before they get there.

Just because it is difficult to participate in the decisive battle does not mean that these possessions are useless.

You must know that HRE is also a colonial power. Although overseas colonies are not the core and can be abandoned at any time, it is definitely better to keep them.

It is difficult for aircraft carriers to compete with the British in the Atlantic Ocean, which does not mean that it cannot be used in the Pacific Ocean. Sending them to the Pacific to bully the Japanese Navy or the US Navy is a good choice.

Not to mention submarines. Relying on HRE's colonies spread across five continents, we can carry out attacks all over the world.

Of course, it is better not to use this method of lifting the table. After all, HRE is also a major sea trade country, and it is equally easy to be targeted by others.

The main thing is to look at the decisive naval battle. If the naval battle is won, then just accept the hegemony in a disciplined manner; if the naval battle is lost, then there is no choice but to break the rules and throw the blame .

In fact, Franz put so many smoke bombs, and the real cover was these secretly built submarines and aircraft carriers.

Unlike capital ships, aircraft carriers can really be disguised as merchant ships. Although it seems a bit unusual, as long as no weapons are installed, it is still possible to hide it from amateur-level intelligence personnel.

Not to mention submarines, which are not big. It is entirely possible to walk underwater even when leaving the shipyard and avoid the sight of intelligence personnel.

Not to mention after entering service, once dispersed to the colonies, who knows how many submarines Shinra is equipped with?
There is no way, who makes the Royal Navy's reputation too great?

Not to mention anyone else, even Franz himself had no confidence.

I guess, except for the self-hypnosis guys in the Admiralty, few in the world think they can win.

But politics is essentially acting. Although he was unsure, Franz was still confident.

Times are progressing, and by the 20th century, the competition for hegemony has evolved from a pure competition in military strength to a competition in comprehensive national strength.

If we can't win a decisive battle head-on, then we must fight for national strength. Failure is not terrible. As long as you have the determination to "fight repeatedly after defeat", you can always bring down the British a few times.

In fact, one of the important reasons why the Vienna government dared to challenge the British was that it was already in an invincible position.

As a land-based country, no matter how many times it fails at sea, as long as the mainland is not affected, the foundation cannot be shaken.

It doesn't matter if we lose the naval battle. At worst, he could go back to the Mediterranean to rest for a year and a half, and then come back for a second decisive battle.

If it doesn't work the second time, you can try the third, fourth, or fifth time. Anyway, you can lose countless times, but you only need to win once to win.

Just like the US-Japan Pacific War in World War II in the original time and space, the Japanese navy cheated all the way in the early stage, and then lost the war in victory.

Although the gap between HRE and Britain is not as huge as that between the United States and Japan, the industrial strength is still three to one.

In addition, Britain is an island country and its own resources do not need to support industrial needs. Industrial raw materials rely heavily on imports, and the advantages are even more obvious.

Once the back-up plan is launched, I dare not say that the British maritime trade will be completely abolished, but there is still no problem in letting their trade volume drop significantly.

The German submarines in the original time and space caused the Allied Powers misery within the limited space for movement. Now that Shinra submarines can travel all over the world, there is no reason why their lethality would be weaker.

It is easier to destroy than to build. Shipbuilding cannot keep up with consumption. Once there is a problem with the trade line, the British Isles will starve.

If there is a problem on the mainland, it will be useless for the Royal Navy to fight. Either they were consumed in the war, or they were dragged to death due to poor logistics.

Although the tactics are a bit clumsy, the strategy is definitely upright. It is purely about using power to suppress others, and does not contain the slightest bit of opportunism.

… Just as Shinra and Britain were competing for time, the Japanese and Russians were also competing for time, even more intensely.

In any case, Shinra and Britain are only fighting secretly, but Japan and Russia are fighting for real.

In order to speed up the construction of the Siberian Railway, the Tsarist government adopted an unprecedented three-shift, 24-hour working system.

Don't think it's easy this way. You must know that the construction site is Siberia. In this inaccessible ghost place, all kinds of climates exist.

Even though it's April, there are still many places that still have temperatures as low as minus ten degrees Celsius at night, making them unsuitable for construction at all.

Even if it is not suitable for construction, it must be done. In the Russian Empire, there is no saying that "construction cannot be done in winter." If construction could not be carried out in winter, the Siberian Railway would not need to be repaired.

The reputation of "frozen soil" is not just blown away. In many areas of Siberia, there is snow all year round.

Although the Siberian Railway tried its best to avoid these harsh climate areas during planning, many places still cannot be avoided.

Human wisdom is powerful, and engineers have still found ways to overcome the harsh climate; human wisdom is also limited, and the safety of workers cannot be guaranteed.

Affected by the bad weather at night and with the implementation of the 24-hour rotation system, the mortality rate of workers increased instead of falling.

Especially at night, there is a high incidence of death. Not to mention the front-line workers, even many Russian soldiers responsible for supervision suffered from the cold.

No matter how great the difficulties were, they could not shake the Tsarist government's determination to hurry up. The laborers suffered heavy casualties, and the Russian officers and soldiers on the front line also suffered heavy casualties.

The day earlier the railway is opened to traffic, the main force will be able to move over the day earlier, and the victory will come earlier.

In the face of the overall strategic situation, you can abandon your own people, let alone a bunch of worthless French workers?
The Tsarist government was anxious, and the Japanese government was even more anxious. Unlike the Tsarist government, which was not afraid of boiling water, the Japanese government represents diligence and frugality.

There is no way, the money from the sponsor's father also has to be repaid, and it is still a loan shark, so it is better to borrow less.

Just look at the equipment of the Japanese army. It has not fundamentally changed compared to the Sino-Japanese War of 1894. Many troops still use the trophies captured that year. It can be said that "diligence and thrift" have been carried to the extreme.

Fortunately, the equipment of the Russian army on the opposite side was not very good, just a little better than theirs. Although the firepower is stronger, due to insufficient logistical supplies, ammunition can only be used sparingly.

In the Far East, there is also a saying within the Russian Empire called the "Penal Zone". Not only the criminals were exiled, but also the unlucky ones who failed in the political struggle.

If officials are the losers in political struggles, then the army here is the marginalized in the Russian army.

Whether it is weapons and equipment or daily training, they cannot be compared with the main force. Naturally, their combat effectiveness is at the bottom of the Russian army.

Facing such an enemy, the Japanese army with superior strength was unable to sweep away the fallen leaves in the autumn wind. Naturally, the Japanese government became anxious.

Even the well-educated Emperor Meiji couldn't help but swear. He even caught the army's top brass in several imperial meetings.

You can't help but be angry. The Army's record is indeed unsatisfactory. After besieging the brigade's fortress for several months, in addition to leaving corpses all over the ground, they were still wandering around the perimeter.

According to the military, that's because the Russians used the most advanced trenches + machine guns + reinforced barbed wire defense lines, which were very difficult to break through.

Found the problem, but does it make sense?
The answer is: no.

The influence of the butterfly effect is powerful. As the vane of the army, the armies of various countries can't help but follow the example of the Shinra Army.

The Russians, who were most deeply influenced by HRE, were naturally no exception. With the efforts of generations of foreign students, the tactics of the Shinra Army have naturally spread to the Russian army.

This makes the already easy-to-defend and difficult-to-attack ***Shun Fortress even more terrifying. So much so that the Japanese army's traditional charge tactics became a killing tactic.

If nothing unexpected happens, General Nogi Nogi Nogi will probably be cut off from the God of War. Although the commander of the Japanese Army's 3rd Army had just arrived at the front line to replace the unlucky guy who committed seppuku.

There is no other reason, the main reason is that the brave "meat bomb tactics" he admired have lost their threat in the face of the well-defended Kuomintang Fortress.

In Japan, a country that respects the strong, losers are not qualified to be worshiped. If he fails to complete the combat mission, Nogi Nogi's fate will be similar to that of his predecessor.

Not only was the battle at Shunshun Fortress not going well, but the battles in East Manchuria and South Manchuria also did not develop as expected.

Although the Japanese army gained the upper hand and forced the Russians to retreat, the Japanese army also paid a heavy price.

Whether it is a loss or an advantage is probably difficult to determine for a while.

Different from the original time and space, the Russians have been engaged in constant wars in recent decades. Even the combat effectiveness of the Russian army in the Far East has improved. The most typical example is the overall quality of officers, which is significantly higher.

The equipment is better, the quality of the officers is improved, the combat experience is richer, and the combat effectiveness will naturally increase.

When you encounter strength, you become stronger. That is just an illusion. Although the Japanese Army is also following suit, it is still not as thorough as the Russians.

Although the morale of the Japanese army is higher, the morale of the Russian army is not low either! It's not that Russian officers and soldiers like to fight, but more because of face.

How could the proud Russians accept losing to the Japanese?
Even though the Japanese troops were more numerous, their innate psychological advantages made the Russian officers and soldiers feel that they could do it and not give up at all.

Japan's victory in the original time and space was largely due to the navy's contribution. The victory in the naval battle strengthened the determination of the Japanese officers and soldiers to win, and at the same time shook the military morale of the Russians.

It has just begun. Although there have been losses on many battlefields, the Russian army has not yet reached the point where its military morale has been shaken.

There is nothing you can do about suffering a loss. Who told the Japanese government to be diligent and frugal?

In the context of insufficient military spending, it is normal for the army's development to fail to keep up with the times.

Especially under the influence of traditional "Bushido" thinking, many Japanese generals believe that "bravery" can make up for the lack of equipment, and despise troops who only play with firepower.

In this context, with limited military expenditures, everyone's first priority is to ensure the size of the army, rather than to use it to upgrade weapons and equipment.

Now that they have suffered a loss and realized the importance of firepower, the Army is too embarrassed to say it!
Regarding all this, as a prime minister with an army background, Katsura Taro sees all this and is anxious in his heart.

The top brass of the Army are too embarrassed to speak, not just for the sake of face. The fear of being ridiculed by the navy if he admitted his mistakes was only part of the reason. The more important reason was the fear of affecting his future voice in the empire.

There is no way, this is also one of the characteristics of Japan, no mistakes are allowed.

After the guard handed over a battle report, Emperor Meiji's face darkened. Knowing that another bad news had come, Katsura Taro hurriedly said:
"Your Majesty, calm down. The enemy we are facing this time is the Russians. It is understandable that the frontline troops are making slow progress.

In order to speed up the progress of the troops, I propose to ask the British Purchase a batch of equipment to increase the strength of the army.

For example, tanks and armored vehicles are good and can be very effective when conquering positions.

Although it is a bit expensive, we only need to purchase a small amount and it should not cost much. ."

Russia and Austria are allies, and the Russo-Japanese War has already broken out. Naturally, the Vienna government will not sell arms to the Japanese government.

In this context, although British-made army equipment is not market competitive in terms of performance or price, the Japanese government still has no choice.

Except for these two countries, the weapons and equipment of other countries are only more rubbish, not the most rubbish.

So far, only HRE's armored forces in the world have a division-level establishment, and the armored forces of other countries can only reach the regiment level at most.

On the one hand, it is because it is expensive, the equipment is expensive, and the later use and maintenance costs are more expensive; on the other hand, because the technology is not up to standard, the core components cannot be produced by ourselves.

Not to mention a poor country like Japan. Apart from getting a few vehicles to support the appearance, it is simply impossible to equip them on a large scale.

Otherwise, after the war broke out, we wouldn't even be able to gather an armored force to break through the enemy's defense lines.

Emperor Meiji nodded: "Then purchase, the speed must be fast, it is best to directly purchase the British equipment in service."

Emperor Meiji did not know whether armored forces could break through the enemy's defense line, but according to reports from Europe The experience is indeed like this.

At least, the anti-French alliance used the armored troops to open the way, tear through the French defense line, and then drive straight in.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1095: Tangled Carlos
Japan is not close to the British Isles. Even if we reach an agreement immediately and ship it back from London immediately, it will still be two months later.

What's more, the armored force is a technical branch, and it takes a certain amount of time to familiarize itself with the equipment and basic training. Being able to enter the battlefield within half a year is considered highly efficient.

For the current Russo-Japanese War, it can only be regarded as a distant water. If you want to quench your thirst, the Japanese Army still needs to work hard on its own.

No one can help on this issue. When it comes to specific tactical command capabilities, the frontline officers are obviously better than the civilian officials in the government.

Professionals can't even handle it, let alone amateurs. The Japanese family has a weak foundation and cannot withstand any hardships. It is not yet time to be willful.

Ito Hirobumi: "Although the Far East battlefield has some troubles, it is generally within our control.

According to the information provided by the British, the Siberian Railway will not be opened to traffic until the second half of next year at the earliest.

In addition to the later opening and integration time of the railway, it is estimated that We still have enough time to be able to really play a role in early 1906.

The trouble is the international situation. The battle between Britain and the Holy Roman Empire is getting more and more intense. Many things have been put on the table, and they are not even bothering to cover it up. .

There is no telling which day they will fight. The empire is too tied to Britain, and now it is at war with the Russians. Once the battle for hegemony breaks out, we will have no choice at all.

Although the Royal Navy has an absolute advantage, the British stand on However, the land hegemony held by the Holy Roman Empire, which spans Asia, Europe and Africa, is equally unshakable.

Both countries have their own absolute advantages, and no one dares to decide the final outcome of this hegemonic battle easily. Conclusion.

When two tigers fight, one of them will be injured. This should be a good thing for other countries in the world.

But the empire is unlucky, and a war breaks out with the Russians at this time. If one of them is bad, we will To be involved in the battle for hegemony.

Judging from the current situation, Britain and the Holy Roman Empire are very likely to be unable to do anything to the other, and will eventually be forced to choose a truth.

They have a big business, and it doesn't matter if they fight a war. We, The country that is implicated will be unlucky.

Similar cases have not happened in history, just like our Warring States Period."

Ito Hirobumi's worries are definitely not without purpose. Using Japan's national power to participate in the struggle for hegemony between Shinra and Britain, the final result will definitely end in tragedy.

Even if the British win and are on the side of the victor, the fate that awaits them will definitely not be good.

There is no other reason but lack of strength. The Russians alone have exhausted them, and they have no ability to grab territory elsewhere.

If you win, you won't get to share the spoils; if you lose, you may lose your entire fortune. No one is willing to get involved in such a battle for hegemony!
The Japanese government is not lacking in this kind of experience and lessons. Although "Japan's Warring States Period" mostly involved fights at the village and town levels, it is still feasible to learn from the experience of the ancients.

When several big names compete for hegemony, the first unlucky ones are the small princes. When you fight with the boss, you not only have to be cannon fodder, but you also have to pick up the rest of the loot.

If there are heavy casualties, you can only consider yourself unlucky. If you meet someone who is kind and righteous, you may show some care and help preserve the family heritage; if you meet someone who is ruthless, you will be directly annexed by the master's family.

Prime Minister Katsura Taro: "Ito-kun, there is no need to think too much. Changes in the international situation are beyond our control. All the empire can do now is to win this war.

As for the struggle for hegemony between the Holy Roman Empire and Britain, we can only wait for opportunities as the situation develops. And move.

As long as the empire grasps the degree of control and does not get involved too deeply, even if the Shinra wins, the Vienna government will not be able to spend time on an expedition to seek bad luck for the empire. What's more, judging from the current situation, both sides may suffer losses. Sex is the greatest, and the danger of the empire is not great."

Distance is the best moat, and for Japan at this stage, being far away from the European continent is the greatest advantage.

No matter how fierce the Anglo-Austrian struggle was, the main battlefield was in Europe. As long as the Japanese government doesn't dig in, it is very likely to become a bystander.

Even if the British boss is unhappy, there are still Russians to support him! Being busy with the Russo-Japanese War and not being able to distract myself from looking south is the best reason.

Containing the Russians and reducing Britain's pressure in India is their greatest contribution to the alliance.

Of course, the prerequisite for Katsura Taro to draw such a conclusion is that Britain and Russia are not colluding together.

If the Russians sided with the British, they would have no choice but to end the war and head south.

After all, British money is not easy to get. Since you have received money from others, you have to pay it back with your life.

...

The Japanese government thousands of miles away is feeling the pressure, not to mention the European countries that are facing the storm.

The season of taking sides has come once again in decades. At this stage, everyone must make a choice.

"Choice is greater than effort" also applies to the country. Once you take this step, it will be difficult to look back.

In the next few decades, whether we will "eat hot food and drink spicy food" or "eat chaffy food" depends on the outcome of this current wave of bets.

Paris, since the end of the European War, this international metropolis has fallen into a second-tier city, and its international presence has become increasingly diminished.

In the past, the grand occasion where the earth would tremble whenever the Paris government stamped its foot no longer exists.

What we have now is just a Bourbon dynasty struggling to survive in a narrow gap, without any of the arrogance of the European overlords of the past.

Not only has the government lost its momentum, but the people have also lost their confidence, and they have lost all their arrogance.

The revolutionary holy place that was once a vibrant place of thought is now like a pool of stagnant water. With the end of the war, the heyday of a hundred schools of thought came to an end.

The passionate and passionate campus debates no longer exist, and the passionate and romantic streets of Paris have disappeared.

I don't know since when, people in Paris are no longer keen on discussing politics and international news, but discounts in stores are more important to attract everyone's attention.

The former capital of newspapers has now declined to the point where newspapers have ceased to exist, as if people no longer like reading newspapers.

The scenes before him cast a shadow deep inside Lloyd George, who was on a mission.

The vibrant Paris no longer exists, now there are just a group of walking dead just trying to survive.

Ask yourself, can France like this take on the important task of "anti-HRE"?
Lloyd George himself didn't know. It's just that it's here, no matter whether it can be done or not, the work must continue.

No one expected that the Vienna government's reaction to Britain's withdrawal from the free trade system would be so violent, directly piercing the last layer of window paper between the two countries.

The smell of gunpowder in Europe suddenly became stronger, but Britain's strategic plan had only just begun.

Seeing that the war is approaching, the banner of the anti-"Shinra" alliance has not yet been raised.

The main force in the reservation, Mao Xiong, is currently busy fighting with another teammate, Japan. If the internal issues have not been resolved, how can we talk about opposing Shinra?

But time waits for no one, the arms race has broken out in full force, and Shinra and Britain are currently having a dumpling competition.

Even if war broke out tomorrow, Lloyd George would not be surprised.

In order to increase its chances of winning the war, the British government is doing its best to win over allies. Regardless of whether you are a strong person or a soy sauce person, as long as you can pull them over, the more the merrier.

In the view of the British government, "a broken ship has its own nails," let alone the once powerful French Empire. No matter how much it declines, it is not comparable to that of ordinary small countries.

In a sense, the British government's judgment is not wrong. France is still a "big country" with a population of over 10 million. Although it has been severely weakened, the foundation is still there.

It's a pity that "inheritance" is just "incorporation". Before it is transformed into strength, no matter how deep the foundation is, it cannot support a big country.

Today's France is a typical case. No matter how rich its historical accumulation is, it cannot withstand the constant bloodletting and tossing of the Anti-French Alliance.

First, it violently destroyed France's military industry, and then relied on commodity dumping to kill France's heavy industry.

If it's just industrial damage, then that's it. The most important thing is the performance of the Russians.

Originally, the French welcomed the arrival of Russian troops. At the Congress of Vienna, the anti-French alliance argued that the tsarist government should let them go, and even had a big quarrel with other countries because of this.

It's a pity that this "ally" that I expected to come over turned out to be a wolf in human skin.

With the help of the Russians, France successfully fell from the edge of the cliff into the endless abyss.

No matter what kind of arrogance, integrity, feelings, and hatred, they all trembled under the butcher knife of the Russian army.

Just look at the calm behavior of the people in Paris and you will know that it is all thanks to the Russians. Anyone with a backbone has either been sent to see God or is contributing to the construction of the Siberian Railway.

At a glance, everything is full of yin and yang. Almost all the young and strong people have been harmed by the Russians, and most of the remaining people are old, weak, women and children, and it is difficult to succeed if they want to cause trouble.

Lloyd George finally saw that even if the French participated in the anti-HRE war, they could only follow suit.

If you want to act as the main force, you must have soldiers, right?
If we were to simply count the young labor force, we would estimate that Belgium next door is not much different from France.

Although France still has a population of 17 to 8 million, the number of troops it can deploy is only a few hundred thousand at most.

Not to mention fighting against Shinra, it is estimated that as soon as they move, the surrounding Sardinia, Belgium, Switzerland, and Spain will take care of them.

Of course, if there are not enough men, female soldiers can be recruited. Theoretically speaking, France can still form an army of one million people.

Unfortunately, the French did not have this opportunity. The Anti-French Alliance restricted France's armaments early on, and the number of troops was strictly limited.

Even the purchase of every rifle and every round of ammunition requires approval from the coalition command, let alone the expansion of recruitment.

It is estimated that the troops stationed in France will kill them before they can complete their domestic mobilization. It's not like the Anti-French Alliance has never done anything to change the government.

You know, you know, you still have to deceive those who should be deceived. If a war breaks out, every bit of strength will be valuable.

France is weak, but this does not prevent them from being used as cannon fodder. Even if they can't help on the frontal battlefield, if they cause trouble and consume Shinra's resources, that's still good.

Britain and France had been feuding for hundreds of years, and by the way, they cheated the French. Lloyd George did not have any psychological pressure.

With the intention of giving it a try, Lloyd George came to the Palace of Versailles.

When I revisited my old place, what I saw before my eyes was a shocking change. Not only did the palace change its owner, but even the interior decoration was not what it used to be.

As a French folk song goes: "The troubled Versailles, the troubled Paris, the troubled France..."

Since its construction, the fate of Versailles has been linked to France. In recent hundreds of years, countless major events involving French history have been staged here.

...

Before Lloyd George could finish his boast, Carlos interrupted: "Sir George, there is no point in talking about this. Your country is also responsible for a lot of the credit for France to be in this situation. If it weren't for your country With your cooperation, we will not lose so cleanly in the European War.

Now talking about the friendship between the two countries, I'm sorry, I really can't feel the friendship of your country. What I see with my eyes is just the betrayal of the allies.

At this point If you take one step forward, it's useless to say anything. France can no longer withstand any troubles. Instead of wasting your efforts on us, your country should think about how to deal with the challenge of the Holy Roman Empire!" The friendship between Britain and France is itself a false proposition. . Over the past few hundred years, the two countries have been hostile for dozens of times longer than they have been allies.

Even so, France suffered greatly in the few alliances it formed.

Things are turning, and now it's the British's turn to continue the challenge. Carlos didn't add insult to injury, which is already a great honor.

If you want France to take up arms again and go to war with the Holy Roman Empire for the benefit of the British, it is simply an insult to Carlos's IQ.

The rejection came as no surprise to Lloyd George. He was even mentally prepared to be kicked out, and now he was able to sit here and talk, which was already a very good result.

Although it was done by the previous government, it is still an indisputable fact that Britain cheated France.

After being cheated so miserably, it is normal to have resentment, and there is a problem only if there is no resentment.

But on this issue, Lloyd George couldn't say much.

In the eyes of the French, it was Britain's betrayal that led to their defeat; but from Britain's perspective, it was not because France was too useless and was defeated before they were ready.

"Your Majesty, France used to be a great country, but now what I see is that it is full of depression and the people are in dire straits. Don't you want to change all of this? As long as the Holy Roman Empire exists for one day, and the Anti-French Alliance is a big mountain, your country will Don't even think about crossing it for a day.

Now is the last chance. If your country doesn't want to sink like this, the best way is to join us.

As long as you defeat the Holy Roman Empire, your country can immediately regain what it once had. Everything, once again standing at the top of the world."

To say that he is not impressed would definitely be a lie. However, no matter how magnificent the blueprint drawn by Lloyd George was, it could not make up for the weak army strength of the Anti-HRE Alliance.

Now that we join in, it will be a replica of the last European War. France will still have to challenge the European countries alone.

The only difference is that they had the ability to do this back then, but if they do it now, they are just cannon fodder.

But if you don't participate, the reality is indeed as Lloyd George said, this is France's last chance.

Once you miss it, you may not be able to turn around in the next century. Whether it was the victory of Britain or the victory of the Holy Roman Empire, they were the targets of suppression.

After hesitating for a while, Carlos said slowly: "Your Excellency, there is no need to say any more. No matter how great the benefits are, you have to defeat the Holy Roman Empire before you can take advantage of them. With your country 's military strength, even if you add us , there is still no chance of winning on land.

Your country has the Royal Navy, and at worst it can carry out strategic contraction without fear of retaliation from the Holy Roman Empire. We do not have such conditions."

Make up your mind, refuse?
That's completely overthinking. Anyone in Carlos's position would want to make a comeback.

He did not agree to form an alliance with the British. On the one hand, he was really not sure of victory, and on the other hand, he simply could not trust the British.

If these two problems can be solved. Then joining the Anti-Shinra Alliance is not a big deal.

Obviously, this is unrealistic. Unless the British can win over all the countries in Europe, they will not be able to gather the anti-HRE trend at all.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1096: Falling Expectations

Having failed to achieve its goal, Lloyd George could only lament: The world is changing too fast, and the French government cannot be fooled.

Unlike the pro-British Bonaparte dynasty, the Bourbon Restoration had nothing to do with the British government. Even in order to avoid suspicion, the Carlos government deliberately kept a distance from the British.

The facts are in front of us. No matter how big the benefits Lloyd George promises, they cannot cover up the extremely high risks of participating in the anti-HRE war.

France's vitality is now greatly weakened, and the wealth accumulated by the colonial empire for hundreds of years has been exhausted. It has no capital at all to confront Shinra.

The country cannot stand the torment, and the king cannot stand the torment even more. Although the Bourbon dynasty is orthodox, it has been intervened by powerful dragons several times in the middle, and the foundation of its rule is far from as stable as the The outside world sees it.

If it weren't for the nonsense of the previous government and the scourge of the Russians, the people of Paris would change their minds after hearing about "revolution".

Otherwise, given the current economic situation in France, the Carlos government would have been ousted long ago.

I have to admit that being beaten by society makes it easier for people to mature. After a series of failures, middle school teenagers in France are almost extinct.

Without this main force of cannon fodder, the revolutionary party fell silent. There is no way, now is exactly the time when the people are most disgusted with revolution, and there is no basis for rebellion at all.

No one is a fool, and the anti-French alliance troops are still stationed in France. The rebellion at this time is not only a rebellion against the Carlos government, but also a rebellion against the "Anti-French Alliance".

Smart people can see that rebelling now has no meaning other than losing their wealth and lives.

As for the idiots who can't understand the current situation, they will be dead long ago, and even those who are lucky enough to escape will not be able to survive.

The most important thing is that after Carlos came to power, although the domestic economy was not in great shape, the population of France has been significantly reduced.

As the population decreases, the resources allocated to each person will naturally increase, and everyone's life will become better.

After experiencing the war, they realized the value of peace. The French people, who were frightened by the chaos, just wanted to live in peace for a few days. Even if life is hard, it is better than being homeless.

Against the backdrop of a calm society, France's domestic situation quickly stabilized.

Lloyd George was very disappointed that he failed to fool the French, but he had no time to be sad now. This trip to Europe is not just for France.

Except for the Holy Roman Empire, which was 100% certain to be the enemy, all European countries were targeted by the British government.

Although it is unrealistic to pull people over due to the influence of geopolitics, it is not bad to play "I am in the Cao camp but my heart is in the Han".

It does not require all countries to stand on its side, as long as everyone remains neutral in the battle for hegemony, or is passive and sabotage, it will be a huge victory for Britain.

There is hope for this. The fact that European countries are now dependent on the Holy Roman Empire does not mean that everyone is really willing to do so.

No one likes to have a "mother-in-law" in charge of their heads. If possible, everyone would be more willing to return to the era of coexistence of multiple powers.

If the Holy Roman Empire really seizes world hegemony, it will be a "one-family power" in the true sense. All countries can only tremble under this behemoth.

The fact that the Vienna pays attention to food and appearance now does not mean that it will still pay attention to food and appearance after becoming a dominant government family. No one is willing to bet on the integrity of the Vienna government.

After all, governments need to change. Franz's era had a special social background, and one had to pay attention to food and appearance and retain basic moral integrity, but this does not mean that the next era will also have moral integrity.

If it hadn't been for playing too sloppily and taking advantage of the anti-French war, the anti-Austria alliance would have been established long ago.

From this perspective, France also contributed a lot to the rise of the Holy Roman Empire.

If it weren't for the fact that they were so arrogant and aggressive in spreading hatred and affecting the judgments of various countries, the rise of the Holy Roman Empire would never have been so smooth.

Perhaps Lloyd George was born to work hard, his name starts with "Lao", and now he is traveling around the world as a special envoy of the United Kingdom.

Unlike the convenient transportation in later generations, although there are airplanes these days, politicians basically don't dare to take them.

The average speed of the most luxurious trains cannot keep up with the green trains of later generations. The fastest and most comfortable trains are naturally the special trains, but it is a pity that Lloyd George does not yet enjoy this level of treatment.

As Britain's plenipotentiary envoy to foreign affairs, he can intimidate a lot of people overseas, but in continental Europe, there are plenty of people who don't like him.

There are special trains waiting for every country you visit. If Edward VII were to visit in person, it would be almost the same.

Staying in the car for a long time is obviously not a pleasure. Fortunately, most of the European countries are small countries. If they were all like HRE and Russia, Lloyd George would be driven crazy.

The front is fighting for the cause of the British Empire, and the rear is not idle either. The British Parliament has held seven meetings on the issue of the military budget.

So far, the total tonnage ratio between the Royal Navy and the Shinra Navy remains at 10:6.5, and the battleship tonnage ratio is also as high as 4:3, but there is no advantage in super battleships.

Now the Vienna government has increased its budget by 100 million Aegis (equivalent to 50 million pounds). If the Royal Navy wants to continue to maintain its current advantage, it will need to increase its budget by at least 70 million pounds.

This number sounds small, but it is actually very deadly. You must know that the annual fiscal revenue of the British Isles is less than 100 million pounds.

Even if the colonial gains are calculated, this is still an astronomical figure. Once this military budget is passed, nothing else can be determined. The British government will definitely run a fiscal deficit this year.

If the original military budget is included, then the Royal Navy's military budget this year will directly exceed 100 million pounds, which has caught up with the most intense period of the space and time arms race.

Of course, now is also the time when the arms race is at its most intense. The only difference is that there is no previous warm-up, and it goes directly to the finals.

This kind of gameplay without preliminaries and directly competing for the final championship is obviously not suitable for the British, at least the parliament did not react.

Many people are wondering whether this is a "double act" between the Royal Navy and the HRE Navy to defraud huge military budgets.

Similar things have never happened. Although the British and Austrian navies have never really colluded, they both tacitly promoted the "threat theory" when asking for military expenditures.

Once, twice, three times, four times..., if it happens too many times, in the eyes of a caring person, it is no longer a coincidence.

There had been news in time and space about the British and German navies jointly defrauding military expenditures. Now there are rumors about the British and Austrian navies jointly defrauding military expenditures. It is not a big deal.

Under normal circumstances, no one would believe it, but there are abnormal situations, right?

Although the British government has deep pockets, this does not mean that their funds are unlimited. If we spend too much on military spending, we will inevitably have to reduce spending in other areas.

Behind every congressman is the support of interest groups. When the Navy's military budget increases, some people will benefit from it, and others will suffer from it.

Interests are mindless, and it is completely normal to oppose for the sake of opposition.

What's more, Shinra's shipbuilding plan was covered up, and everyone had every reason to suspect that it was deliberately done by the enemy to deceive them.

You must know that an increase in the navy's military budget is never a one-time investment. After a warship is put into service, maintenance costs will increase every year.

The British government has been similarly deceived more than once. Anyway, the Royal Navy did not dare to enter the Mediterranean, and the Vienna government was not afraid of collapse.

Just look at the comparison of the total tonnage of warships. For a long time in the past, the total tonnage ratio of the two navies has remained at 10:7, but now it has become 10:6.5.

It seems that the proportion has not changed much, but in fact all that is spent is money. In particular, the Royal Navy has also mothballed a large number of legal warships, otherwise the gap in total tonnage between the two sides would be even greater.

Originally, it was a good thing to lead in total tonnage, which meant that the Royal Navy's hegemony was unbreakable. Unfortunately, with the advent of the "Super Battleship Era", all this has changed.

After seeing the combat effectiveness of super battleships, the Royal Navy suddenly realized that "warships are obsolete."

Overnight, revolutionary naval technology broke out. In the face of super battleships, traditional capital ships of all types were turned into children's toys.

With the reshuffling of the navy, the Royal Navy's overwhelming advantage over the Shinra Navy gradually ceased to exist.

Seeing the Minister of the Navy being sprayed with blood by the MPs, Prime Minister Campbell couldn't sit still. According to the current situation, if the quarrel continues like this, the enemies will probably come to the door, and they have not made a decision yet.

"Quiet!"

"Members please abide by the order of the meeting and personal attacks are prohibited."

The speaker's voice sounded, and order was temporarily restored in the venue. It can be seen that everyone still respects their identity, and finally it has not turned into a "shrew".

But this is all temporary. Basically every meeting requires several reminders from the speaker.

This is still the House of Lords. The members are all from noble backgrounds and most of them can restrain their emotions. The House of Commons is even more lively.

Quarrel can only be regarded as a child's play, and it happens from time to time in all martial arts.

There is a saying that has always been circulated among British people: "To be a qualified member of the parliament, you must not only be eloquent, but also have a good body."

Seeing that the scene quieted down, Prime Minister Campbell said: "Everyone, the situation has become very critical. .

The Imperial Council of the Holy Roman Empire approved the increase in the naval military budget last month. Now all the major shipyards in the Holy Roman Empire have started construction.

According to the information we have collected, the super battleships currently under construction are as high as 13 huge ships.

I think everyone knows what this means. Ordinary warships have no ability to survive in front of super battleships.

If we do not follow up immediately, once these enemy warships are put into service, the Royal Navy's advantage will be Nothing left.

With the ambition of Shinra, they will definitely not miss this opportunity to challenge us.

Although I have full confidence in the Royal Navy, even if the performance of the warships is lagging behind, our officers and soldiers can rely on their professionalism to defeat the weak and the strong. .

However, this requires paying a very heavy price and will give other countries an opportunity to take advantage of it.

As an island country, we must always ensure our sea power advantage and cannot slow down for a moment." When mentioning the "Henra Empire Parliament", Campbell secretly said Extremely envious. They are both parliaments, but the difference between the two is huge.

It only takes a few hours at the fastest and no more than half a month at the slowest for the Holy Ra Empire Council to make a decision.

Such efficiency is absolutely impossible for the British Parliament to achieve.

If it were not for the failure of parliament, Campbell would have wanted to follow the example of the Holy Roman Empire in adding efficiency clauses to the Parliamentary Act, mandating that parliament must make decisions within a certain period of time.

Just think about it. How many members are there in the Holy Ra Empire Parliament and how many people are there in the British Parliament? There is no comparison between the two.

There is great power when there are many people, but there is also a tendency to forcibly "drain wisdom" when there are too many people. I'm not sure about anything else, but when it comes to quarrels, the more people there are, the more touching the scene is.

Compared with the Holy Roman Empire Parliament, which has only a few dozen people, the British Parliament, which has a prosperous population, is obviously more difficult to manage.

As soon as Campbell finished speaking, an opposition member of Parliament jumped out and questioned: "Your Excellency Prime Minister, we all know that the empire is facing challenges, but this does not mean that taxpayers' money can be squandered at will.   A one-time use.

The increase in the military budget by 70 million pounds is only for one year. Do you think that the pound is just papyrus and we can print as much as we want?
Since the enemy has increased the military budget by 5,000 pounds, then we can follow up with the same amount. Do you think that under the same conditions? Under such circumstances, is the Royal Navy still afraid of them?"

Times are changing, and everyone's expectations are also changing, and the Royal Navy's development plan is also constantly lowering standards.

First, it changed from the initial three-power strategy to the two-power standard, and then it was reduced to 5:3 against the second best, and then 10:7, 4:3.

After gritting their teeth and holding on until now, many people's expectations have continued to drop. Quite a bit about the British government's attitude towards the Americans after World War I.

They were tough at first, preparing to use the Royal Navy to suppress the Americans. After trying it, they found that their wallets were not strong enough and they were forced to make concessions.

Although it has not reached that point now, the Royal Navy's ever-increasing military expenditures every year still make it difficult for the British government to bear.

If you just persist for a few years, then relying on the foundation accumulated by Britain, it will naturally not be a problem.

However, the Holy Roman Empire has become a general trend, and it will not be able to survive for a while. No one knows when this sudden naval arms race will end.

Referring to the Hundred Years' War between England and France, many British people are ready to fight a protracted war and are prepared to slowly use up the advantage of the Strait to wait for the situation in Europe to change.

If it were placed a hundred years ago, there would be no problem with such a plan. It's a pity that times are different now. If the consumption continues for a long time, Britain will suffer even more.

Frowning, Campbell explained helplessly: "Your Excellency only saw the military budget, but ignored the actual situation.

Although we have the most advanced shipbuilding industry in the world, our cost of building warships is still higher than that of the Austrians. 10% to 15%.

Warship construction is a complex project, and hundreds of industries are involved behind the birth of each warship.

Regardless of whether we are willing to admit it, the empire is indeed backward and sacred in the overall industrial chain The Roman Empire.

Not only the construction of warships, but also the construction of related supporting facilities and the cost of later maintenance of warships are slightly higher than those of our enemies."

There is no way around it. An industry like warships, which involves many related companies, has to be affected by the industrial system.

As the world's largest industrial power, the Holy Roman Empire clearly had an advantage in this regard.

For spare parts with the same functions, the production cost of the Holy Roman Empire was lower than that of other countries, and the more technical the parts, the more obvious this cost advantage.

In the era of free trade, there were no restrictions. British shipyards could also purchase spare parts from HRE. The cost was just a little more shipping, and there was no obvious cost disadvantage.

But with the collapse of the free trade system, these good days are gone forever. Imports require high tariffs and lose cost-effectiveness.

Local companies that were originally pushed to the edge of bankruptcy have finally turned around, and now they naturally need to make up for their losses.

The purchase price of spare parts has gone up, and the unit price quoted by the shipyard has naturally gone up as well.

For the healthy development of the industry, this bill can only be purchased by the British government. If you want to reduce costs, you can only wait for relevant companies to complete technological innovations.

Of course, although the cost has increased, it is still not as excessive as a direct increase of 40%.

Campbell's explanation was more to divert the attention of the congressmen in order to obtain a higher military budget and ensure absolute suppression of the Shinra Navy.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1097 The Real Crisis.

With coaxing and threats, and the cabinet government's full guarantee, the British Parliament finally passed the bill to increase military spending with a slim majority.

However, the budget of 70 million pounds was cut to 65.81 million pounds. This is already good, as it is common for budgets to be cut in half in parliament.

Perhaps because they felt the threat of Shinra, the members of the council were stimulated by reality, and they showed mercy when they waved their sickles.

Despite this, various processes have been completed, and it will be May when the Navy completes the bidding and determines the shipyard.

Before Campbell could breathe a sigh of relief, new bad news came. There are not enough shipyards with more than 20,000 tons to start construction of so many super battleships at one time.

"What, at this point, you are telling me that there are not enough shipyards that meet the conditions?"

Prime Minister Campbell roared.

Don't be angry. The super battleship moves more than 20,000 tons. Such a big thing cannot be placed on the slipway. The construction must be carried out in the dock.

But shipyards are not a big cabbage, especially shipyards with more than 20,000 tons, which are even rarer.

In the original time and space until the outbreak of World War I, no one had ever heard of anyone starting construction of more than a dozen dreadnoughts at once. It was not that everyone did not want to, but the main reason was that the hardware conditions were not met.

Even during World War II, only the Americans could start construction of more than a dozen large warships at the same time.

Facing the Prime Minister's question, Lord Admiralty Swinding replied with a sad face: "It's a pity, Your Excellency Prime Minister.

Although I don't want to believe that the empire will have insufficient production capacity, this is the reality. The birth of the dreadnought was too short. We simply don't have time to build more large shipyards."

Although Britain's shipbuilding industry has developed rapidly in recent years, merchant ships of more than 20,000 tons are still very rare.

It's not that there is no technology, it's mainly that the market demand is not large. Although theoretically, the larger the tonnage of a merchant ship, the lower the unit transportation cost, but that is only theoretical.

We have just entered the early 20th century, and overseas trade is far less developed than later generations. How can we use merchant ships filled with more than 20,000 tons?

There are only a few bulk commodities that now rely on shipping, namely: agricultural products, cotton textiles, petroleum, ore, and steel.

Although it is a bulk commodity, the demand for large merchant ships is actually still small.

Take cotton textiles as an example. Who dares to put tens of thousands of tons of goods into the same market at one time?
Even if there are large merchant ships, they can only make orders. This order is not easy to put together. It is impossible to have so many orders that need to be shipped at the same time.

What's more, not all orders can be put together. Many products still have rigid requirements for transportation conditions.

For transportation companies, instead of using merchant ships of 30,000 to 50,000 tons that are often not full, it is more economical to use merchant ships of 10,000 tons.

The same goes for steel. Most countries only purchase up to 8,000 tons a year. Countries that consume hundreds of thousands or millions of tons can basically produce it themselves.

Even if there is an order, it is usually purchased in batches based on actual conditions. After all, steel will rust, and if you buy too much at one time, you may end up ruining it in your own hands.

Ore is not much better. The bulk is bulk. The problem is that the demand in various countries is small!

In the era of free trade, for many countries, instead of purchasing ore for refining, it is more cost-effective to purchase finished products directly on the market.

The same is true in Britain. Apart from the huge demand for steel, which requires building a local factory for refining, other rare metals are purchased directly.

Unlike later generations, even "aluminum" is a rare metal these days. Britain only consumes 10,000 to 8,000 tons per year at most, so it's not a waste to refine it yourself.

In the original time and space until 1913, Britain's aluminum production was only more than 7,000 tons. Large-scale industrial production occurred in the mid-to-late twentieth century.

Not to mention other rare metals. Many of them only exist in laboratories, and there is no industrial application at all.

The market demand is too small and cannot accommodate too many companies. Capital pursues profit, and naturally no one will do business that loses money.

Oil, the most consumed oil in later generations, is currently mined only over 30 million tons a year, and most of it is produced and sold within HRE.

Even if large tankers are needed, such business is digested internally, and it is impossible for orders to fall into the hands of British shipyards.

The same is true for agricultural products. The Shinra family is the only one, and the transportation is handled by itself. There is no chance for British shipyards to intervene.

The only market is for other people's dishes. Without enough market orders, British shipbuilding companies will naturally not build a bunch of large shipyards.

If it were not for the purpose of proving one's strength to the outside world, one must have the ability to build large merchant ships. Based on the integrity of the capitalists, it is estimated that the only few large shipyards may not appear.

Prime Minister Campbell angrily rebuked: "I don't want to hear any explanation. The problem now is that we need to build warships, but the production capacity cannot meet the demand.

Are you all just idlers in the Navy? Why was such a big problem not reported in advance?
Now it's out The question is, how are you going to end it? The enemy will not give us that much time to prepare!"

No matter how many reasons there are, the Navy Department cannot escape the blame for the current situation.

"I didn't know the enemy would be so crazy and lay so many dumplings at once."

Such reasons are fine for shirking responsibility, but they cannot solve the actual problem.

Swinding explained in a very embarrassed manner: "We have already taken countermeasures. The shipyard started working overtime to build a new large shipyard as early as three months ago.

In view of the current situation, we have modified some warships. Design plan.

At the expense of some performance, the displacement has been successfully reduced, so that a 20,000-ton shipyard can meet the demand. Although the Holy Roman Empire has more large-scale shipyards, shipyards with more than 25,000 tons can also There are only six, three of which have long been put into use.

Judging from this speculation, the enemy can build no more than three dreadnoughts of more than 25,000 tons, which is exactly the same as ours.

The rest are all of the first generation of dreadnoughts. Ships, even if our displacement is smaller, our combat effectiveness will not be much weaker than theirs."

Notifying the shipyard in advance to build a large shipyard is naturally non-existent. If the Navy had reacted so quickly, the problem would have been raised long ago.

However, discerning capitalists did start working in advance. To a certain extent, this can be regarded as saving the Admiralty politically.

As long as the capitalists admit that the construction of large shipyards is related to the Navy, it will prove that the Navy has taken strong response measures in a timely manner and the matter will be over.

I don't know if there is any profit transfer behind this. Anyway, the shipyards that built large shipyards in advance have received orders from the Ministry of the Navy.

These are all minor issues. We are all grasshoppers on the same rope and political allies. There is no need to add insult to injury at this time.

Normally, people don't feel that the British Empire can develop any technology anyway, it's just a matter of one step first and one step last.

Now that the real meaning is about to come true, everyone suddenly realizes that something serious is going on. It is true that the Royal Navy has the advantage, but the overall industrial level of the British Empire cannot keep up!
It's just that the production cost is high and not cost-effective, but the troublesome production capacity can't keep up.

Everyone present was just playing politics and was pushed to this point, so they didn't know much about the details of the industry.

No one can imagine that the window paper is not broken. Now that the blind spots in thinking have been exposed, many issues that are usually ignored suddenly flood into everyone's mind.

They are all elites of the era, and naturally they will not naively think that Britain's current problem is only the insufficient number of large shipyards.

With a little thought, everyone will know that there is a big problem in Britain's industrial system.

The world is so delicate. In order to better plunder the wealth of various countries, Britain created a free trade system with its own hands.

Wealth has indeed been plundered. In the past years, British capital has made a lot of money, but the sequelae have been as big as "a few hundred million points".

There is no feeling in the free trade system. Just after independence, Britain's industrial system has a big problem.

The number of large shipyards is not enough. Will the production capacity of supporting companies for warships be able to meet the demand?
Don't forget that not long ago, these same guys were crying out to withdraw from the free trade system and implement tariff barriers to protect the market.

If it is normal times, it will be slower if it is slower. If we can support our own industry, it will not be a loss if we delay a little time.

It's different now. The two sides are competing for speed. Britain's shipbuilding plan is already behind schedule. If something goes wrong midway, it will be over.

Prime Minister Campbell broke into a cold sweat and hurriedly ordered: "Order all major shipyards to purchase relevant spare parts immediately.

The speed must be fast, and we must stock up on enough spare parts before the Vienna government reacts."

Urgent illness Indiscriminate medical treatment, maybe! But Campbell cannot afford to gamble. The current situation is no longer prone to major policy-making mistakes by the British government.

Domestic production capacity is insufficient, and only some spare parts production capacity is insufficient. Even if the production capacity is insufficient, there are many substitutes, and it does not necessarily need to be purchased from the Holy Roman Empire.

But the British government's time is limited and there is no time to carefully screen. It would be a tragedy if a certain part happened to be out of stock and a replacement could not be found.

Who said that nowadays, the only company with the most complete industrial system is Shinra?

Originally, Britain also had a complete industrial system, but unfortunately it failed to keep up with the second industrial revolution and took a breather at a critical moment.

After a break, he immediately fell out of line. Many industries have been disrupted by new technologies. Capitalists have turned their backs on finance, and fewer and fewer people are willing to invest in real industries.

Of course, the American industrial system is also quite comprehensive. It's just that technology is a few times behind, so we can only copy products without technical content.

If you really want to get spare parts from Americans, it would be more reliable to wait for your own company to explode into production capacity.

By this time, everyone already understood why the Vienna government suddenly changed its style and became aggressive.

Such a huge flaw was placed right under the enemy's nose. If we don't take the opportunity to add insult to injury, do we have to wait for Britain to get out of the trough before taking action?
(End of chapter)


Chapter 1098: Logistics Emergency

The British government is in trouble, and the outside world naturally knows nothing about it. These days, there is neither satellite monitoring nor convenient network communication.

Being able to roughly judge a country's industrial production capacity is already very impressive. It is simply impossible to understand the situation of every segmented industry.

Even if we collect intelligence, we start from within the British government. The British government itself did not conduct statistics in advance, and it is even less likely that others would help with statistics.

With such a big thing happening, it is natural that it must be kept strictly confidential. It is unrealistic to keep secrets forever, but it is still possible to block information in the short term.

Just as the British were waving their banknotes and buying everywhere, the Russo-Japanese War also entered a white-hot stage.

Perhaps it was due to lessons learned from previous wars, or perhaps simply because of the weak Russian navy, this time the tsarist government was rarely rational and did not engage in military expeditions.

Of course, the external view is that after the warships ordered by Shinra are put into service, they will go to settle accounts with the Japanese.

Regardless of whether anyone believes it or not, the Russians believe it anyway.

The Russian army changed its past image of being reckless and went all out to defend the Far East. It relied on fortifications to delay the Japanese offensive and buy time for the opening of the Siberian Railway.

A decisive battle is impossible. No matter how provocative the Japanese army is, the Russian army just cannot hold on.

Anyway, the Russian Empire didn't have much else but a lot of land. "Trading space for time", the tsarist government was not afraid at all.

Different from the original time and space, under Franz's butterfly effect, the tactics adopted by everyone now have improved to the level of World War I.

Machine guns, trenches, and mortars are cheap, simple, and practical tactics that have become popular among the Russian army.

If it weren't for the inability of the logistics to keep up, it is estimated that there would not even be successive defeats. You must know that the angry bear is not someone to be trifled with.

The Russian army defended all the way, which made it difficult for the attacking Japanese army. Anyone with a little bit of military common sense knows that the casualties of attack are higher than those of defense.

Even if the Japanese officers and soldiers were more willing to fight, it could not change the fact that the casualties were greater. In just half a year, the total casualties between Japan and Russia exceeded 300,000.

Among them, 98,000 Japanese troops were killed and 112,000 wounded; 53,000 Russian troops were killed and 64,000 wounded.

In a sense, the Russo-Japanese War also set a new record in war. It is rare in modern wars for the number of killed and injured to be so close.

Simply looking at the number of casualties, it seems that the Russian army took advantage, but in fact this was not the case.

Although the Russian army had a defensive advantage, as it continued to retreat, 20,000 Russian soldiers were captured and 30,000 Russian soldiers were missing.

Adding these figures, taken together, Japan and Russia can only be regarded as a lose-lose situation, with no one taking advantage.

...

St. Petersburg, since the outbreak of the Russo-Japanese War, Nicholas II's nerves have not relaxed.

As Nicholas II's first foreign war after he succeeded to the throne, the victory or defeat between Japan and Russia was not only related to the future strategy of the Russian Empire, but also related to Nicholas II's own reputation as a monarch.

Unlike his father and grandfather, who were political strongmen, Nicholas II's talent in the field of domestic affairs was very average.

Of course, this is not Nicholas II's responsibility. In his youth, Nicholas was weak and indecisive, so Alexander III never considered letting him succeed to the throne.

Nicholas himself was not ready to inherit the throne. After all, Alexander III had four sons, so there was a lot of room for choice.

Unexpectedly, the plan did not change quickly. Two brothers died midway, and the other brother was blinded by love and started an intermarriage.

Before he could react, Nicholas became the sole heir. In order not to let the throne fall by the wayside, Nicholas could only catch up and inherit the throne.

It turns out that the melon bitten by force is really not sweet. Although assisted by the veterans left behind by Alexander III, the efficiency of the Tsarist government declined by more than one margin after Nicholas II succeeded to the throne.

After the outbreak of the Russo-Japanese War, this situation became more obvious. Many times, the tsarist government planned one thing, but when it was implemented, it turned out to be another thing.

Because his political skills were not strong enough, Nicholas II was deceived and his reputation was greatly damaged as soon as he succeeded to the throne. He finally worked hard to clear his name, but he could not make up for the reduced prestige of the monarch.

In order to change this situation, Nicholas II urgently needed a victory to improve his status in the minds of the people and strengthen his control over the government.

Come to think of it, reality always likes to slap you in the face. The impression that the Japanese army was vulnerable showed amazing resilience on the battlefield in the Far East and did not stop its progress because of too many casualties.

That's all. The Japanese were willing to take human lives, and Nicholas II was not afraid.

In any case, there are still more gray cattle in the Russian Empire than there are Japanese.

If it really comes down to human life, with a population advantage three times that of Japan, the Russian Empire has a very good chance of winning.

Unfortunately, war is never just about more people or less people. As the war progressed, the situation gradually developed to the unfavorable side.

Putting down the telegram in his hand, Nicholas II said indifferently: "Lieutenant General Kuropatkin sent a message that strategic supplies in the Far East are urgently needed.

Based on the current battlefield consumption rate and supply replenishment rate, we have hoarded supplies in the Far East , it will take at most half a year to run out.

Now that the Siberian Railway has reached that point, can it be opened to traffic before the supplies run out?"

Modern warfare is all about logistics. The more advanced the equipment, the more powerful the firepower, and the higher the reliance on logistics.

Compared with the original time and space, the Russian army's equipment is obviously much more advanced, and the corresponding logistics requirements are much higher.

Because they did not think ahead, the Japanese dared to go to war without declaring war, and the strategic supplies hoarded by the Tsarist government in the Far East were seriously insufficient.

This is still under full defense. If we take the initiative to attack, the material consumption will be even greater.

Even with the country's best efforts to replenish supplies, it can only last for half a year. Obviously, the amount of materials in stock has reached a dangerous level.

The war has now progressed, and naturally no one continues to shout the slogan of "Three Months Prancing Horse to Tokyo".

Facts have proved that the Japanese are not soft-footed shrimps. Anyone with a discerning eye knows that it is impossible to end the war within half a year.

Prime Minister Sergey Witte: "We have tried our best to meet the construction deadline, but there are still many difficulties in opening the traffic within half a year. The main reason is the climate problem. The climate in Siberia is really bad.

In this season, it is okay. We have to carry out continuous construction day and night, and once winter comes, many places do not even have the most basic construction conditions." This is not to shirk the blame, the winter in Siberia is indeed not suitable for railway construction.

Even if the lives of French workers are not taken seriously, the most basic quality of the railway must still be considered.

We don't expect it to be able to be used for decades like ordinary railways, but at least it must be able to last through this war, right?

Such low requirements are also not easy to meet. Not only does the craftsmanship need to be accurate, but the requirements for materials are also very high.

Among other things, the rails and sleepers must be frost-resistant. Otherwise, the ultra-low temperature of minus 50 to 60 degrees Celsius would be impossible for ordinary tracks to withstand.

...

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1099: Which company has the best smuggling technologyWhich company has better smuggling technology-69 Book Bar ? Low-temperature resistance and high-standard materials are high-tech these days, and there are not many countries that can produce them.

Although the Russian Empire often regards itself as an industrial country, its own people know their own affairs. It's okay to brag in normal times, but you can't count on it at critical moments.

If you look at the railways we built a few years ago, you will know that they are repaired more than a dozen times a year, for more than ten days at a time, and the maintenance time is longer than the opening time.

After a comprehensive inspection, it was found that the rails were rusty, deformed, and the sleepers were rotten. The most egregious thing was that there were sprouts.

I wanted to pursue the responsibility, but the involvement was too wide and there were too many intercedes, so I really couldn't do it. In the end, there was no choice but to have the government foot the bill, pull out the railway and start over.

The lessons learned must not be forgotten. In order to ensure the quality of the Siberian Railway, the tsarist government had implemented a sweeping policy early on, and no domestic low-temperature resistant materials could be used.

Even though the public is calling for support for domestic products, there is no way. The tsarist government is frightened by domestic products.

Ordinary railways are just fine. At most, they will lose some money. The quality of the Siberian Railway, a strategic artery, still needs to be guaranteed.

Importing not only means increased costs, but also increases transportation pressure. It is common to stop work and wait for materials.

Think about it, even the logistics supplies on the battlefield can often be confused. Then it is not difficult to accept that railway materials are transported to the wrong place.

Problems in the management system, or in other words, problems in the tsarist government's bureaucracy, were obviously not something that could be solved with an administrative order.

The technical requirements are high, the management system is chaotic, and the weather is bad. If the construction progress of the Siberian Railway can be accelerated, there will be real problems.

The railway cannot be opened to traffic in advance, and the strategic supplies on the front line must be sufficient. It is an almost unsolvable problem.

Nicholas II's face was gloomy and terrifying, and the atmosphere in the room became tense.

Seeing that the situation was not right, Foreign Minister Mihajlovic said: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has launched action, and the Vienna government has agreed to help.

We are currently working hard to do the work of the Far Eastern Empire. If we can purchase supplies from them, the situation will be much better.

We have achieved certain results now. With the efforts of diplomats, we have won the support of many Far Eastern Empire officials, who can tacitly allow us to use the channel to transport supplies." It is normal to fail to win over, and the Far Eastern Empire's constitutional monarchs and conservatives are fighting. If you can't have any friendship, you won't have the time to participate in the Russo-Japanese War.

No matter how much benefits are promised, it is useless. Neither the Japanese nor the Russians dare to mess with a government that is afraid of wolves in the front and tigers in the back.

"Transporting materials through channels" is essentially "smuggling." This thing is banned repeatedly in peaceful times, let alone chaotic war times.

It is more profit-driven than a diplomatic effort. All you have to do is turn a blind eye, and a large amount of silver will come into your account. Why should you refuse?

Anyway, we are not just doing Russian business, we are also doing Japanese business. Businessmen don't care who the buyer is as long as they are willing to pay.

Even if the businessmen of the Far Eastern Empire dare not get involved, international arms dealers will rush in. As long as you have enough money, you don't have to worry about not being able to buy goods.

The only problem is that the supply of these guys is not sufficient, and the transportation is often attacked by bandits hired by the Japanese, which cannot meet the needs of the war.

However, Mihajlovic has confidence in international arms dealers. The current supply of goods is insufficient, mainly because everyone did not expect the Russo-Japanese War to break out in advance, and the most powerful wave of arms dealers did not have time to participate.

If these arms dealers with background background are involved, no matter how much material they have, they can get it. This is the real purpose of asking the Vienna government for help.

If you want to smuggle strategic materials on a large scale, in addition to the cooperation of the Far East Empire, you also need the background of the great powers to deter the wolves, tigers and leopards.

Just ordinary strategic materials, they can be produced in family workshops in the Far Eastern Empire, and they can always be purchased as long as you have money. Troublesome weapons and ammunition.

Not to mention anything else, the Japanese Navy alone had a hard time getting through it. In order to prevent arms from falling into the hands of the Russian army, the Japanese Navy acted as the East Asian police after the war broke out.

Faced with the infringement of its sovereignty, the weak Far Eastern Imperial government chose to remain deaf and allowed the Japanese navy to inspect foreign merchant ships.

Of course, the ships being inspected all have no background, or the background is not strong enough. The Japanese still dare not act rashly on ships with a strong background.

It is true that the relationship between Britain and HRE is tense, but after all, the two countries have not really come to war yet. Who knows what might break out, what if all the fuss is followed by sitting down?

Although the Japanese government chose to gamble on the fate of the country, they are not naive and know who they should not mess with. Facing these two giants, it is natural to pretend to be a grandson.

The original time and space smuggling trade failed to save the Russian Empire. The most critical reason was the lack of support from major powers.

Britain, Germany, the United States, Austria, and Italy all hoped that the Russians would fail, and their only ally, the French, only verbally supported them. In essence, they wanted them to return to Europe to deal with the Germans.

Without the help of the great powers, the smuggling trade would naturally not be able to scale. In addition to purchasing food and some daily necessities, weapons and ammunition still have to be transported from within the country.

Even these small-scale smuggling trade is an important support for the Russian army in the Far East.

Otherwise, all the logistics for hundreds of thousands of troops would be transported from Central. Not to mention that the Siberian Railway is not open to traffic, even if it is open to traffic, it will not be able to sustain it.

For no other reason, who made the Siberian Railway a single-track railway? The train has left, but you have to go back the same way.

After hearing this explanation, Nicholas II's expression softened slightly. However, the sadness between his brows still lingers.

Theoretically, with the help of the Holy Roman Empire and the cooperation of the Far Eastern Empire, the crisis can be overcome by smuggling.

But this is only theoretical, not to mention how strong the support of Shinra is, the cooperation of the Far Eastern Empire is a big problem.

In recent years, they have done a lot of harm to others. I have created hatred before, but now I expect others to cooperate fully. Isn't that a joke?
There is no need for any big shot to take action personally. Just the trouble caused by the local snakes along the way is enough for them to drink.

Whether it's a broken bridge or a broken road, or bandits and bandits blocking the road, they are all hidden dangers.

In normal times, it goes without saying that someone would be able to directly apply diplomatic pressure on the Far Eastern Empire, but that is not possible now.

At the critical moment when the Russo-Japanese War was in an anxious state, the Far Eastern Empire actually had the power to determine the outcome of both sides.

If the stimulation is accidentally overdone and people turn to the Japanese, then the Russian Empire will have no choice but to bow its head and admit defeat and withdraw from the Far East obediently.

"Promote it as soon as possible! It is best to get the Vienna government to come forward. They have a good relationship with the Far Eastern Empire and it will be easier to coordinate the relationship."

Nicholas II naturally didn't know what the relationship between Shinra and the Far Eastern Empire was. But one thing he knew was that no war broke out between the two sides.

This is enough. As long as the great powers do not invade you, it is a symbol of friendship.

The speaker has no intention, but the listener has intention. This struck Mikhailovich as a sign of Nicholas II's distrust of the Foreign Ministry's abilities.

Well, the capabilities of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs do not deserve "trust." In the past few years, they have messed up far more things than they have accomplished.

In order to change this situation, the tsarist government also specially sent overseas students to Austria and Britain to learn professional diplomatic skills.

It cannot be said that there has been no progress. At least in terms of diplomatic etiquette, unspoken diplomatic rules, and common sense of international practices, no big jokes have been made.

As for the more important diplomatic ability, we need to wait until these people grow up and hold high positions in the Russian Empire before they can truly see it.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1100: Unbearable
Looking Back At the Palace of Vienna, Franz was still very interested in the smuggling proposal of the Tsarist government.

The money delivered to your door is nothing if not earned. Although most of the money was borrowed from his own family, every additional Aegis earned now means one Aegis less lost in the future.

If you want the Russians to "fulfill their debts," the tsarist government must have money. Let's not talk about the gold-eating beast of the Russo-Japanese War. The key is the revolutionary wave brewing in the country.

Due to the decrease in population, the current social conflicts in the Russian Empire are slightly less severe than in the original time and space.

However, this moderation was limited to areas under traditional rule. For example, the newly occupied areas of Poland, Bulgaria, Afghanistan, and several khanates in Central Asia never experienced peace for a single day.

Originally, what Nicholas II inherited was a super mess. For a long time, the Russians had ruled the above-mentioned areas using the traditional feudal model, relying solely on force to suppress the resistance of the locals.

If it were a hundred years ago, there would be no problem with such a rule. After a long time, everyone would gradually get used to it.

In this regard, the Tsarist government also has rich experience, and the vast territory of the Russian Empire came from this.

Unfortunately, now that we have entered the 20th century, nationalist thoughts are sweeping the world, and the traditional feudal rule model is increasingly unable to keep up with the times.

If the Russians could win the Russo-Japanese War, then that would be it. Victory can suppress domestic social conflicts, but if it encounters defeat, it will be difficult to say.

Especially since there is a mastermind controlling the situation behind the scenes, constantly leading the Russian Empire into the pit, for fear that they will not fall out.

Well, Franz knew only how deep the hole he dug himself was.

Even if the tsarist government could escape disaster, it would have to shed its skin. Other sequelae are uncertain for the time being, but the government's financial bankruptcy is bound to happen anyway.

If you are destined to lose money, you must find a way to lose less. As for the "smuggling trade" that will offend the Japanese, that is not a problem at all.

It's not that they haven't been offended before. As early as during the Philippine War, Shinra had already offended Spain when it tried to sidestep Spain. Now it's just more offended.

In this regard, Franz had to admire the Meiji government. They have truly brought the four words "flexible and flexible" to the extreme.

He obviously gritted his teeth with hatred in his heart, but he held it back. Not only did he lie down and act small in the light, but he didn't even take small steps to retaliate secretly.

If you put in the effort, you will get something. The Japanese government behaved so well that Emperor Franz, who wanted to bring bad luck to them, was a little embarrassed to take action.

In fact, the Shinra Navy also has an actual combat training plan. The main thing is to directly start a war with Britain. Everyone is unsure and wants to find a weaker enemy to practice first and enhance their self-confidence.

Unfortunately, the Holy Roman Empire happened to lack such an enemy.

Except for the navy's appearance when they defeated the Kingdom of Sardinia and later attacked the Ottoman Empire, they were just playing tricks at other times.

Originally, the European War was also a good opportunity. Unfortunately, the French navy was a little too strong. After a tentative battle, both sides tacitly chose a decisive battle on land.

Facts have proved that this decision is completely correct. Training troops does not mean seeking death. The strength of the French and Austrian navies was very close at that time, and the decisive battle would only be advantageous to the British.

Then, there is no more. In recent years, the Holy Roman Empire has fully fulfilled Franz's "peace-loving" diplomatic declaration.

Not only has it not launched wars abroad, it has also mediated many international conflicts and made important contributions to maintaining world peace.

The Navy wanted to find a chance to prove itself, and Franz also supported it. The problem is that except for the awesome British Empire, no country is willing to take over?

For example: Japan.

The European War had just ended, and under Franz's instruction, the Vienna government immediately intervened strongly in the Philippine Campaign, and also acted in a clear-cut manner.

We even clearly told the Japanese that we had just finished fighting the European War and were now at our weakest, so it was impossible for us government to go on an expedition for Spain.

It's a pity that the Japanese government was not fooled and understood the "ghost talk" early on. It is a fact that the expedition cannot be carried out, but this does not mean that Shinra has no ability to intervene.

If you don't give them face, you can still beat them at the door of Austria's Nanyang home.

The smart Meiji government not only gritted its teeth and accepted the conditions of the Continental Alliance, but even retaliated against Spain afterwards, and had nothing to do with Shinra.

The Vienna Peace Conference had just ended, and Franz personally took the lead in formulating the international rules. Nothing could slap him in the face!

Immediately afterwards, the Anglo-Japanese Alliance was established. If you want to seek bad luck with the Japanese, you will have no chance.

Not only Japan, but other countries as well. Every one of them was slippery, and they never let the Vienna government get hold of anything that was enough to start a war.

Franz has always believed that face is given to each other. Since other countries have given face to Shinra, the Vienna government must also give face to others.

The only one in Britain that refused to give face was the Shinra Navy, which was unable to defeat them, so the actual combat training plan was naturally aborted.

In the end, the Shinra Navy could only choose to calm down and practice its internal skills. It waited until the naval technological revolution broke out and the shuffle began again before it reached out to the British for maritime hegemony.

Now helping the Russians smuggle is naturally not just to make money, let alone to help allies.

If it was purely to help allies, then the Vienna government would not support the Russians while selling arms to the Japanese government.

Although the Vienna government has officially imposed an arms embargo on Japan, more than 90% of the international trade in army weapons, equipment and ammunition these days comes from the Holy Roman Empire.

Except for a few two or three countries that have achieved localization of weapons and equipment, in the remaining countries, almost all army equipment is occupied by "architecture equipment."

Even if it has not been occupied yet, it is still on the way to being occupied, and the proportion of arcane equipment in the Japanese Army is getting higher and higher.

There is no other way. Who let France, the only competitor, be finished? Countries that originally purchased magic weapons and equipment were all deceived to the point of tears.

A decree from the Anti-French Alliance directly destroyed France's entire military industry, and all related machinery and equipment were demolished and smashed by the coalition forces.

Not to mention the after-sales service of replacing spare parts and repairs, even the ammunition is used one round at a time, and there is no way to replenish it.

The things at hand have all become fire sticks in a real sense, and it is difficult to carry out large-scale installations without changing them.

With the upgrading of equipment by armies of various countries, the "arcane" weapons and equipment, which were already the mainstream in the market, quickly defeated many opponents and became the only mainstream equipment in the world.

To this day, the shadow of "Arcane" equipment can be seen in the army of any country in the world. Even the British lobster soldiers are no exception.

The reason why "mainstream equipment" is called mainstream is not only that the weapons and equipment are cost-effective and have a wide range of applications, but more importantly, they are convenient for later maintenance and easy to purchase ammunition.

In any industry, once the scale integration effect is formed, it will be very difficult for latecomers to get ahead.

Even if a certain country comes up with a more advanced weapon with an idea, it will not change the overall situation.

Weapons and equipment also pay attention to matching. Only the most suitable is the best, not the most advanced.

The two sides make money by selling arms together, and it is clear that they want to make both Japan and Russia suffer in order to make huge profits from it.

Internationally, this is almost an open secret, and the top leaders of various countries basically know what they need to know, including the tsarist government.

You know, when you need to seek support, the Russians are the first to think of their own "good allies."

There are no simple creatures who play politics. Everyone is a master without profit. If the Vienna government has no calculations, it will not believe it even if it kills the Russians.

Compared with those invisible tricks, the Russians still prefer this kind of "profiteering" that is on the surface.

After all, most of the money of the Tsarist government was borrowed from the HRE. If the Vienna government wanted to recover its debt, it could not watch them lose the war.

Most of the time, this judgment is fine. When the debt reaches a certain level, it becomes "the uncle is the one who owes the debt".

As long as the Vienna government does not want to cause turmoil in the domestic financial market or even a financial crisis because of the Russians' debt default, they must give them a hand.

It's a pity that this time is an exception. The Russians met Franz, a freak from the "credit currency era", who didn't take the loaned money seriously at all.

Compared with the flood of fiscal policies of central banks in later generations, the Russians' little debt is really not a big deal.

As long as the British are defeated, Aegis' international currency dominance will be established. Even if the Russians default on their debt and trigger a financial crisis, they can learn from the United States and drag others into the water to share the losses.

...

After looking at the price marked on the document, Franz said with satisfaction: "Tell the Russians that as a country that advocates free trade, the Holy Roman Empire opposes all actions that undermine free trade.

Trade between the empire and the Far Eastern Empire , no individual, organization or national government has the right to interfere, and the Japanese are no exception.

By the way, have the transportation channels been opened? Even if the agreement is reached, but in the end the transaction cannot be carried out on time, then the brand will be ruined."

"Smuggling" does not exist. As a world hegemon, the Vienna government has always been the most rule-abiding.

Therefore, the "arms trade" does not exist. There is only ordinary commercial trade between the Holy Roman Empire and the Far Eastern Empire, which has nothing to do with the ongoing Russo-Japanese War.

As for why ordinary commodities turned into weapons and equipment, or various strategic materials, you have to ask God.

If anyone is curious and interested in this issue, he or she can go to God to find out. The Vienna government can even help reimburse travel expenses.

Compared with the "curiosity" that may arise from the outside world, Franz is more concerned about transportation. The consumption of strategic materials for hundreds of thousands of troops is not a small amount.

If it is within the Holy Roman Empire, transporting these supplies can be easily done by ships or trains.

If you are really in a hurry, gathering domestic cargo airships can solve your urgent need.

But when it comes to the Far Eastern Empire, it's completely different. It is obviously unrealistic to deliver goods directly to the war zone.

The coastal areas are all in the hands of the Japanese army. Even if the Russian army still controls several fortresses, it does not have the ability to break through the Japanese blockade and transport supplies back.

In order to ensure the safety of supplies, detours are necessary. The Far Eastern Empire only had a small number of roads and railways, and more of them were primitive manpower and animal power.

Taking a detour all the way to the destination, the distance is probably no closer than that from Moscow to the Far East. The only advantage is that the climate and environment are relatively good, unlike Siberia, which takes a year and a half just to travel.

Frederick smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, father. The arms dealers are much more active than us. As soon as the Russo-Japanese War broke out, they began to mobilize strategic materials to the Far Eastern Empire. The government just mediated and helped to open up the official situation. link, this is not difficult to do.

Japan and Russia were both the main forces invading the Far Eastern Empire. There were many people who hated both countries, including senior government officials.

On the surface they dare not do anything, but secretly they are happy to cause trouble to Japan and Russia.

At present, we have established a relationship with the local powerhouse, and with our high shipping costs, the locals are very cooperative.

The earliest supplies have now entered the prairie, and it is estimated that they will be handed over to the Russians in a few months.

Although these supplies are not much, they can solve the urgent needs of the Russian army. For the gaps in orders, we will dispatch them from the nearest Nanyang region and we can deliver them within half a year at most. "

The interests are exciting. Wherever there is a war, there are arms dealers. There is no need for the government to specifically organize it. Just from the huge profits from the arms trade, people will join in a steady stream.

In terms of judgment and prediction of war, arms dealers are the most important The most sensitive group of people. Franz even suspected that as soon as the Russian embassy incident occurred, arms dealers began to prepare.

Of course, making early preparations can seize the opportunity and seize the biggest cake; but risks and benefits coexist, in case of judgment It would be a tragedy if a war did not break out because of a mistake.

In every era, there are arms dealers who have made huge profits, and there are also arms dealers who have suffered huge losses. If we want to select the top ten high-risk industries, arms dealers will definitely be on the list. Famous.

Although the agreement was reached between the Vienna government and the Russians, the government wants to lose face and cannot personally engage in smuggling. The specific transaction operations will naturally be completed by the arms dealers who "take the blame". Anyway, the arms dealers His reputation was already ruined, and he didn't care about adding to it.

After nodding with satisfaction, Franz suddenly added: "I heard that the military discipline of the Russian army is very bad, and the relationship with the local residents is very bad. This is very Danger.

Let the Ministry of Foreign Affairs come forward to warn the tsarist government that if they want to win the war and need the cooperation of the local people, then they must restrain military discipline.

If this is not possible, the agreement can be voided now. We have no way to deliver supplies to local people despite their resistance.

This is what I said, there is no need to avoid it, just convey the original intention. "

Franz is not sure about the specific effect. Anyway, restraint is definitely better than without restraint.

What's more, he, the emperor, personally warned him. No matter how big-hearted the tsarist government is, it is impossible to ignore it. I don't understand. Why was Lantz so cautious, but Frederick still chose to obey. After being regent for a long time, he was no longer the young man who always asked why when everything happened.

Countless experiences told him that if he didn't understand why, it was very likely that he would “why” "That's the literal meaning.

Frederick also experienced it personally. Many times, an ordinary government order was interpreted by a group of people below to have a series of meanings.

If you want to criticize, they are trying to lead in a good direction. Not only was there no harm, it also had positive social significance.

Frederick was a little uncomfortable with it at first, but as time went by, he got used to it.

In his opinion, Franz was now issuing a warning to the Tsarist government, either. The Russian army has gone too far and has affected the war; or they simply cannot bear to see it and want to change this situation.

Both results are possible, and neither is very reliable. If you really want to help the Russians win the war, The simplest and most effective way is to pull together the Continental Alliance and impose a material embargo on Japan.

Just like during the Philippine War, in order to force the Japanese government to withdraw from the Nanyang region, the Vienna government led European countries to impose a material embargo on Japan.

The latter did not need to As I said, no one who is compassionate can become an emperor.

For details, you can refer to my uncle. He was driven back from Mexico because his compassion was too overwhelming and his idealism was too strong.

This is because the family is powerful and interferes. The army came out and shocked the local powerful factions. Otherwise, it is unknown whether they can get out of Mexico alive. The entire Habsburg dynasty did not have much favorable impression of this unlucky uncle who lost the throne, including the Philippians. Telie is no exception.

It's not because he "praises the high and suppresses the low". He is at the top of the food chain and doesn't need to do these meaningless things. It's mainly because he "hurts money" and raises funds for the great cause of Mexico's restoration. , Maximilian I has been "begging" to them many times over the years.

You must know that in his youth, after hearing the tragic experience of this uncle, Frederick also generously donated money.

Not only did he give away all the pocket money he had saved for many years, He donated it and helped raise funds voluntarily.

It was just money. For the glory of the family, Frederick would not be stingy with the pocket money. He did not expect anything in return. The key was to spend the money and see the actual results. Ah!
After many years of continuous investment with no results, there is resentment against anyone. As time goes by, everyone's good impression of Maximilian I is naturally gone.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 1101: The feud over the feudal country
"has no results" is just a common view. In fact, Maximilian I's restoration career has been making great progress in recent years.

"Birds of a feather flock together, and people divide into groups."

Like the boss, there are the younger brothers. It can be said that the restoration organization of Maximiliano I brought together more than 90% of the idealists in Mexico.

Those with poor practical skills can be cultivated slowly. The most important thing is that these people are willing to sacrifice their lives and blood for Mexico.

After staying in Shinra for so many years, all the former middle school boys have become old men, and it is difficult to think without maturity.

After decades of exile, all the careerists and speculators were scattered, and those who remained could truly be considered the "direct descendants" of Maximilian I.

It is unrealistic for them to return home to organize restoration and fight warlords; but there is still no problem in carrying out propaganda work.

As early as more than ten years ago, the restoration organization had penetrated deeply into the international students and absorbed a large wave of highly educated reserve forces.

After many failed attempts to organize restoration efforts, Maximilian I was forced to accept Franz's suggestion and shift the direction of restoration from armed coups to education.

Under the banner of "Strong young people will make the country strong", we vigorously supported the teaching of primary and secondary schools in Central and called on the younger brothers of the restoration organization to return to Central to engage in education work.

With the efforts of two generations, the restoration organization can be regarded as having "disciples and former officials all over the world", with its own people everywhere.

Especially in recent years, many wanted restoration leaders have even been able to return to their countries to give public restoration speeches.

Unfortunately, Maximilian I had limited abilities and did not rigorously design the organizational structure of the restoration, so his binding force on members was very limited.

It's quite a sense of déjà vu in the early Republic of Central. People holding cannon flags are everywhere, but there are only a few who can command them.

Frederick, who focused on pragmatism, naturally looked down upon the mixed Mexican restoration organization; let alone his uncle who could not even control his subordinates.

As an emperor, he was actually played by the people below him as a nominal spiritual leader, and he was also the kind of leader who said, "If you wave it, it will go, and if you use it, it will come back ."

To put it simply, Maximilian I, who stayed in Vienna, was everyone's spiritual leader and the guiding light of Mexico; once he returned to his country, everyone became the vanguard against the imperial system.

Fortunately, after decades of hard work and a cumulative expenditure of tens of millions of Aegis, what he finally gained was a title that was "neither attractive nor useful."

If you have so much money, what can you do with it?
In the eyes of everyone in the Habsburg dynasty, it is better to use the money to organize a mercenary force to fight back than to squander it like this.

Even Franz, who suggested starting a career in education, did not expect that it would eventually turn into this situation.

We agreed to keep the private goods, but we didn't expect that things would go wrong. Of the tens of millions of funds, less than one-tenth may be actually used.

It is estimated that in the minds of many people, Maximiliano I was a notorious scapegoat, the kind of person who could give money just by cheating.

The banner of Maximiliano I that everyone uses is either for money or for personal connections.

Apart from anything else, with the reputation of Maximiliano I, he could get a discount on the purchase of arms.

Affected by this, except that the Mexican government had no choice but to stand firm, the warlords naturally lost their moral integrity.

Under the banner of the emperor, not only are there material gains, but more importantly, political gains.

It can offset the Mexican government's advantage in "righteousness", and it can put its horses on the line and compete with the government.

From this perspective, as long as Maximiliano I, the spiritual leader, does not return to the country, everyone will be the emperor's "loyal ministers".

Theoretically speaking, after the revival of the royalist party, as long as Maximiliano I is strong enough, he can slowly infiltrate into the country by relying on his reputation as the boss.

Inside, there were people waving flags and cheering, and outside there was support from the Holy Roman Empire. As long as you find a suitable opportunity, you can organize a mercenary force to fight back.

Unfortunately, opportunities appeared many times, but Maximiliano I failed to seize them once.

After struggling for more than ten or twenty years, the supporters of the Habsburg dynasty were completely disappointed with Maximilian I.

Of course, Maximilian I was not completely useless. I dare not say anything else, but my social skills are still very good. Just look at my fundraising ability.

Being able to raise tens of millions of Aegis through alms, Maximiliano I was also the first person in the world, and it is estimated that it will be difficult for newcomers to surpass him.

The more friends he had, the easier it would be to travel. If he hadn't been deceived into becoming emperor in Mexico, Maximiliano would probably be a star figure in the political arena of the Holy Roman Empire by now.

Now that I think of Maximiliano I, it is mainly because this second uncle caused trouble again. It has nothing to do with fundraising. After so many years of hard work, the funders have long been impatient. Don't expect everyone to continue to donate generously.

With the princes leaving the country one after another, the restart of the feudal system was no longer a secret within the Habsburg dynasty.

Needless to say, for the older generation, even if they want to toss themselves, their bodies cannot bear it.

The younger generation, who are interested in fiefdoms, became active early on. I don't know who came up with the idea, but Maximilian I recently also joined in.

Of course, not to seek a fiefdom for himself. As the emperor of Mexico, Maximiliano couldn't help but fight for fiefdoms with his nephews.

If you can't let go of your face, that doesn't mean your son can't either. As a direct descendant of the Habsburg dynasty, it was not difficult to obtain a fiefdom from the emperor's territory.

Maximiliano I was asked to lobby in person, mainly because he was eyeing interference in the Yucatan Peninsula, which the Austrian governor of Central America had easily captured during the Mexican Revolution.

When you open the map, you will know that this is preparing to "save Mexico" again. Once we take over this territory, we can recruit troops openly and attract the royalists in Mexico to join us.

The Yucatan Peninsula is not a small place. Although its resources are average, it covers a large area!

Especially after so many annexations and expansions, the Yucatan Peninsula occupied by the HRE also included the later states of Tabasco, Chiapas, Campeche, Quintana Roo, Yucatan, and Va. Part of Jakarta, Cruz State.

It covers an area of ​​more than 300,000 square kilometers and occupies nearly a quarter of Austrian Central America. If you want to separate, the first person who refuses to agree is the current governor Peter.

No matter how much Maximiliano I assured him that it was just a "temporary loan", Governor Peter, whose vital interests were involved, just refused to let go.

Without Peter's support, Maximilian I's plan would naturally not be able to proceed. Forced by helplessness, Maximiliano could only find a way from home.

Naturally, the Vienna government can't lobby for it. It won't sound good if it gets out that they are competing for territory with their nephew.

Franz's majesty was too great, and Maximiliano grew up under the scolding of his older brother. Back then, my mother was still there to protect me, but now that I don't have the protective umbrella, I'm even more vulnerable.

In contrast, Frederick, the nephew, was obviously easy to talk to. As long as we don't talk about money, our relationship is still very good.

Then it was Frederick's turn to struggle. He is an uncle and cousin on one side, and a biological brother on the other. In the real sense, the palms and backs of his hands are all flesh, and it is not appropriate to support anyone.

If this was not a critical moment in the struggle for hegemony, he would want to grab another piece of territory from Mexico to serve as his cousin Blue's fiefdom.

Internal conflicts are transferred externally, which is a routine operation of great powers. After being regent for so many years, Frederick was no longer the innocent young man he once was.

As for the thoughts of the Mexicans, Frederick no longer paid attention to them since he despaired of the restoration.

Unfortunately, there are many things that you don't need to face if you don't want to face them.

As the regent and crown prince, Frederick also had a very important say. With his support, the matter was basically settled.

Against this background, both parties will naturally not give up lobbying him. Originally, this was nothing. It was a household matter for the Habsburg dynasty, and he could just discuss it behind closed doors.

Whether it is grabbing another piece of territory from Mexico, or supporting the southern expansion of Austrian Central America, and making up for the losses from the Republic of Colombia, they are all solutions to the problem.

I don't know which link caused the problem, but the news leaked out, which suddenly pushed the Habsburg dynasty to the forefront.

In fact, this is not the first wave of conflicts. There were also many internal games within the Habsburg dynasty surrounding the issue of fiefdoms.

Franz had already given up on these troubles and left them all to Frederick.

Others are easy to handle. Due to status restrictions, if you want to gain territory, you must first accumulate merit.

Even if they are taken care of, the final route they take is still similar to that of ordinary nobles, and they all need to fight on their own.

The real dispute is still about independent states, but not many people are qualified to participate in the competition. They must be the emperor's son.

In a short period of time, those who are eligible to participate in the competition are Frederick's three younger brothers and his cousin who has just appeared.

The Emperor of Mexico was also an emperor. Although he had little say in the Habsburg dynasty, his status was still significant.

Things are obviously not that simple. As the third generation comes of age, there will be more and more people who are qualified to participate in the competition in the future.

You must know that Emperor Franz the Great now has fourteen grandsons. The Holy Roman Empire did not have so much territory to divide into enfeoffments, let alone split it up into so many scattered fiefdoms.

This is not the end yet. If Franz lives long enough, maybe the fourth generation will join the competition.

In this context, as the crown prince, Frederick naturally had to be cautious about the first major dispute.

"Father, my second uncle wanted to appoint Bru as the governor of the Yucatan Peninsula, but Peter opposed it, and now there is a stalemate.

I have intervened several times to mediate, but neither side is willing to give in. Recently, the news leaked out, and the people Everyone is talking about it."

After much hesitation, Frederick decided to pierce the window paper and let his father handle it in person, so as not to be caught in the middle and be unhappy on both sides.

As people age, they inevitably become sentimental, and Franz is no exception.

With his brother on one side and his son on the other, he was also in a dilemma. We have to worry about the overall situation as well as family ties, which is obviously not easy to solve.

As for the public discussion, it is nothing. There are quite a few royal farce jokes that have been circulated over the years, and they have not faded away in the end.

In comparison, this "uncle-nephew rivalry" and "cousin rivalry" are nothing at all.

In a sense, there is no difference between the royal family and ordinary families. There are still conflicts between members. It is just that everyone is fighting for different things.

Franz asked: "You have more contact with them. How is Blue's ability? Can he control the Mexican Empire?"

Obviously, compared to the feudal struggle, Franz is obviously more interested in the next generation. Individual ability.

For a family, no matter how big the family business is, the most important thing is always the training of the next generation.

If one generation is stronger than the next, it will be difficult to prosper; on the contrary, if one generation is not as good as the last, the huge family fortune will only take longer to fail.

The Habsburg dynasty has developed to this point, and it is time to make separate bets. As long as the next generation has the ability, Franz doesn't mind giving it a chance.

After pondering for a while, Frederick said truthfully: "Bulu's ability is quite good. He is now handling many matters of the Mexican Restoration Organization.

Not long ago, he also established a Youth Association and attracted a group of international students. Joined and is currently improving the organizational structure.

It seems that he has realized the importance of the organization and is preparing to re-establish a well-organized restoration group based on the restoration organization.

However, the method is still a bit immature, and it should be hidden behind the scenes now But he couldn't resist the temptation and stood at the front desk in advance.

The situation in Mexico is too complicated. With Blue's ability, if he trains for more than ten years, he may have a chance to control it."

After listening to his son's evaluation, Franz Deep down in my heart, I was ready to give him a hand, but it dimmed again.

No one knows better than Franz how bad the Mexican scene is. Even he couldn't guarantee that he would be able to control the situation.

If one's own abilities are not good enough, and if one tries to push someone to a higher position, that would be to deceive others.

Maximilian I is the best example. He was doing well in Central, but was deceived by Napoleon III into Mexico.

If his brother Franz hadn't stepped in in time, his life might have been at stake.

After so many years, still insisting on restoration does not mean that Maximiliano has a strong desire for power, but more of an obsession.

I am already trapped, there is no need to get my son into it again. It's just that he accidentally instilled too many restoration ideas when he was a child, so that Blu also inherited Maximiliano's restoration obsession.

Now seeking a fiefdom for his son seems to be preparing for restoration, but isn't it also arranging a way out for his son?
Perhaps Maximilian I himself didn't know all this, and it was entirely an instinctive reaction.

A few decades ago, this would never have happened. You must know that back then, Maximiliano I had the opportunity to stay in Mexico.

As long as he was willing to put down his face and go to the Yucatan Peninsula to raise the banner of the Emperor of Mexico, his parents were still there at the time, and with the Karls helping to intercede, Franz could only grit his teeth and support.

There is no guarantee that he will be able to secure the throne, but there is still hope for a counterattack.

It's different now. Family love is not unlimited. There are more pros and cons to consider.

Maximilian I himself was okay. With his brother Franz supporting him, he would not see him in decline.

In the next generation, they will be cousins. It is even more difficult to obtain resources from the family.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1102 Test and Reputation

After hesitating for a while, Franz walked to the hanging map and tapped it twice with his hand.

"If Blue is willing, he can go to Veracruz to be the mayor, which will be a test for him. If he does well, he can receive more support later; if his performance is unqualified, then give up! "

No matter what, I still have to give my brother some face. After decades of getting along with each other, Franz has long accepted everything left by the original owner.

Although Maximiliano is overly idealistic, it does not prevent him from being a good brother. Even if they are messing around, they are still messing with Mexico, and they never cause trouble in the country.

The governor of the Yucatan Peninsula could not afford it, but Franz could still afford the position of a colonial mayor.

Even if trouble causes problems, Peter is still responsible for dealing with the aftermath. They are all undergoing a test, not to mention cheating on their son.

The only difference is that Peter first served in the country and accumulated a certain amount of experience before he became the governor of Central America.

Although Bulu had handled the affairs of the restoration organization for Maximiliano, his specific experience in governing was still blank.

If you really give a high position directly, you are really cheating people. The struggle in officialdom is very complicated. No matter what your status is, you must meet the challenges when you reach the position.

Maximiliano himself is a negative example. He was too well protected by his mother since he was a child, and he became an idealist because he lacked the beatings from society.

As a border city, a high-incidence area for ethnic conflicts, and an area where feudal nobles gather, the situation in Veracruz is naturally not very good.

If there is peace in the world and the government can function normally without the mayor, then the significance of the test will be lost.

However, compared with the situation in Mexico, the complicated situation in Veracruz is not even a "trouble" and is not worth mentioning at all.

If this can't be handled well, then don't say anything and let it go as soon as possible.

Judging from the current situation in Mexico, if Maximiliano and his son really announced that they would never return to the country, they might wake up one day and complete the great cause of restoration.

All kidding aside, the warlords currently holding the royalist flag are no weaker than the republican government, and it is not impossible to win.

It's just that these guys are used to being local emperors. Even if they win the war, they will not welcome Maximiliano I back.

If you can compromise on this issue, accepting a false king for political needs is nothing at all.

Of course, based on Franz's understanding of his brother, Maximiliano I would not compromise on such treatment even if a knife was held to his neck.

Since Franz succeeded to the throne, the good times of the second and third generations of the Habsburg dynasty have come to an end. As long as you are healthy, one or all of them will have to undergo "hardening".

Needless to say, I had a strict family education since childhood. Following the tradition of the German region, as soon as I graduated from school, I had to serve in the army for two years.

This is about real training, not just hanging around in name only. They will appear in the military parade every year. If they don't perform well... they are almost polished, and they will be arranged to go to society to receive a beating-style education for a few years. After a wave of processes, they will be almost thirty years old.

Then there is the freedom to choose a career, whether it is in the military, politics, business, or art.

The only exception is to engage in academic research. You can enter a graduate school after completing your military service and do not need to undergo sociological education.

Under this education model, future generations may be incompetent, but they will never be idealistic.

In a sense, Maximiliano also made outstanding contributions to the education of the Habsburg family.

If it weren't for his negative material, Franz wanted to convince everyone that it would not be easy to accept such a family education.

Seeing that Franz was not very interested, Frederick comforted him: "Okay, father. I will make arrangements next. I believe Bru will understand your painstaking efforts."

Franz didn't care whether his painstaking efforts could be understood. Years of being an emperor taught him that you should never try to control people's hearts, as that would only leave you bruised and bruised.

What really makes Franz sad is recalling the past. There is no way, people just like to reminisce when they get older.

...

Household matters were just a sideshow. At the critical moment when HRE was competing with Britain for hegemony, Franz and his son's main energy was still focused on the British.

Unlike any enemy in the past, although this opponent cannot threaten the foundation of Shinra, it is still slippery!

After unifying the German region, the Holy Roman Empire's military power reached its peak in history. Both the army and the air force could be said to be invincible in the world.

Unfortunately, blocked by the English Channel, the navy had to face off against the British's strongest navy, the Royal Navy.

Using one's own shortcomings to overcome the enemy's strong points is not advisable in military history, but there is no other way, and we still have to face what needs to be faced.

From the moment they chose to fall out, the Vienna government paid close attention to British intelligence, just as the British government paid close attention to Shinra.

Both sides have sent a large number of intelligence personnel to collect as much information as possible on the other side. The only difference is the focus.

The British paid more attention to the manufacturing of HRE warships, but Franz paid more attention to the material reserves of the British Isles, especially daily necessities such as food.

Franz asked: "What is the British government doing recently? It is not like their style to hold back for such a long time without making any big moves."

"Love to toss" is an inherent label of the British. Even the rise of the Holy Roman Empire has not been able to change the British government's nature of tossing around. The difference lies only in the object and magnitude of the tossing.

Forget it on the European continent. Even if the British government wants to cause trouble, no one is willing to cooperate.

It's different overseas. Except for a few areas, the influence of the Holy Roman Empire overseas is far less than that of the British.

So much so that the British government was trying to win over allies overseas, but the Vienna government could only lower its goals and simply ask all countries to remain neutral.

Those who are willing to join the Shinra camp have basically been screened by the British. Because of regional conflicts, they must find a backer before defecting.

The Vienna government does not have the ability to protect the safety of its allies overseas, and the support it can provide is very limited, so its requirements for allies are also very low.

It's enough to just wave the flag and shout and build momentum. Shinra will never take the initiative to involve everyone in the matter of war.

Correspondingly, after the victory of the war, everyone no longer needs to worry about the legacy left by the British.

Of course, apart from the Holy Roman Empire, the only one who dares to care about the British family these days is the Tsarist government.

The rest of the countries are all cowardly. For example, Spain wants to take back the Strait of Gibraltar, but it just doesn't dare to take action.

Frederick smiled and said: "The top brass of the British government have been very busy recently. They are trying to treat the pain after withdrawing from the free trade system, and at the same time they are busy integrating the domestic industrial system.

It seems that they have been stimulated and are ready to work hard. Strong. After all, after they announced their shipbuilding plan some time ago, they were forced to revise the design plan to reduce the tonnage of warships due to insufficient number of large shipyards.

If nothing else, the endurance of the battleship built by the British this time should be Very touching."

This is the inevitable result. If the tonnage of warships is reduced while ensuring firepower, other aspects of performance will inevitably be sacrificed.

Reducing the amount of coal stored and shortening the cruising range are one of the less harmful modification plans.

The warship's cruising range is insufficient. At worst, it will be followed by a supply ship specifically to serve it.

Franz nodded: "Pay close attention to every move of the British government and pay attention to any strange situations. The lack of action now is the biggest conspiracy. It is impossible for the British not to know that the industrial gap between the two countries, if they compete for industrial production capacity, even if There are two Britains, but that won't change the outcome.

What's more, no matter how they integrate industry, they can't double domestic industrial production capacity in a short period of time."

It's not that Franz is making a fuss, it's that the British government's performance is too great. unusual. "Fighting for industry" with Shinra is something that no normal person would do.

The gameplay that is truly suitable for the British is to use the advantages of the Royal Navy to deliver a fatal blow in the decisive battle at sea and annihilate the main force of the Shinra Navy.

The Holy Roman Empire had strong industrial strength, and its warships could be replenished indefinitely, but its experienced naval officers and soldiers were limited.

After doing this two or three times at most, Shinra's accumulated wealth will be exhausted. At that time, there were no ships to sail, and the Vienna government had to sit down and negotiate.

Of course, this is only theoretical. Decisive battles at sea have always been about defeating the enemy, and it is almost impossible to completely annihilate the opponent.

If total annihilation is not possible, then the officers and soldiers who escape will be veterans with combat experience.

A new batch of warships and new soldiers were brought in. After a year and a half, everyone was almost adjusted and able to go into battle again. Regardless of the quality, at least the quantity is satisfactory.

What's more, the people who are added will not be new recruits. The Holy Roman Empire Navy is also a large enterprise. In addition to the capital ships, there are hundreds of ordinary warships of various sizes.

Most ordinary warships do not need to participate in battles. If the capital ship is short of men, it can be directly transferred from ordinary warships. It is not purely new recruits who go directly to the battlefield.

In addition to active duty officers and soldiers, there are also former retirees who can also be recruited.

It can be calculated that the average service life of Shinra Navy officers and soldiers is only about 4 years. On average, 25% of them retire every year.

After retirement, they are automatically transferred to the reserve force, and there will still be one month of military training every year. This period usually lasts for twenty years.

There are almost five waves of retired officers and soldiers. Even if some people are eliminated due to various accidents, at least half of them can go to the battlefield.

Unless it encounters a series of devastating blows of total annihilation, or if it slowly engages in a war of attrition, the Holy Roman Empire can afford to die.

In the original time and space, the Royal Navy experienced personnel shortages during World War II. On the one hand, it was because of the shortage of naval funds after World War I and the neglect of training reserve forces. On the other hand, a large number of warships were needed to escort merchant ships, and the capital ship personnel were still sufficient.

The Shinra Navy is not so worried. As long as the gateway to the Mediterranean is guarded, the British's nails in the Mediterranean are removed, and the air force blocks the Strait of Gibraltar, British warships on the water will not dare to enter.

Although submarines can come in, the underwater range of submarines these days is limited. They can only operate in the western Mediterranean at most, and the eastern part is simply out of reach.

If Gibraltar is captured and a few destroyers guard it, the security of the Western Mediterranean will be guaranteed.

Theory is one thing, practice is another. There is no shortage of miracles in military history. No one knows what will happen before the decisive battle begins.

"A tiger fights a rabbit with all its strength."

What's more, the opponent is an Englishman?
Franz doesn't want to have a friendly match with the British that lasts for decades. It will kill people.

As if he thought of something, Frederick's face suddenly turned ugly, and he frowned and said: "Recently, our exports of industrial equipment, spare parts, agricultural products, and various strategic materials have hit new highs.

Most of the new orders came from Japan and Russia. I originally thought this was because of the Russo-Japanese War, but now that I think about it, something seems wrong.

The amount of exports is too large. With the financial resources of the Japanese and Russian governments, ordering so many supplies would have to empty their pockets.

The war has just entered the middle stage. Even if the two countries are desperate, they must leave emergency funds. What's more, many of the items that are ordered in very large quantities have very small demand for them.

Considering that the British government is busy integrating and expanding industrial production capacity, it is very likely that these strange orders were placed by the British government under the banner of Japan and Russia. "

Thinking of this, Frederick instantly realized that the new trade orders were not good. Even if they could make a lot of money, they were still subsidizing the enemy!
Think about it, the supplies the British ordered from Shinra eventually evolved into The warships, guns, and bullets came back again. The scene was really touching.

In contrast, Franz was much calmer. This was already considered good, at least he did not order weapons and equipment directly from Shinra, otherwise You will truly become a "qualified arms dealer."

"Send someone to check the relevant orders, and if there are any problems, they will be detained first; if there are no obvious loopholes, the delivery time will be delayed as much as possible.

From now on, any export involving strategic materials, or related machinery, equipment, and accessories must be strictly reviewed. "

Free trade is also a double-edged sword. While enjoying the dividends brought by free trade, you must also be bound by the rules of the free trade system.

Theoretically, before the outbreak of the war, the Vienna government could not prevent normal commercial trade flows.

Even if it is blocked, it should be vetoed when the contract is filed, rather than going back on it after the government approves it.

Since the British took the lead in withdrawing from the free trade system, countries have withdrawn one after another. Now the free trade system seems to be drifting in the wind and rain. , it may be over at any time.

If the Vienna government breaks the rules again, then the system will really become cold, and it will still be the kind that cannot be turned around for decades. After all , if the credibility has been destroyed, who would dare to believe it? "Free trade"? If everyone stops playing, the Shinra family won't be able to play either!
As the biggest beneficiary of the free trade system, the Vienna government has no reason to let the free trade system collapse.

After weighing the pros and cons, , for the sake of long-term interests, Franz decided to abide by the rules of the game.

Not only for the sake of the free trade system, but also for the sake of his allies. At this critical moment, the younger brothers must be convinced that the boss is keeping his credibility.

Of course, It is not possible to repent directly, but it is still possible to pursue commercial violations. If you catch them one by one, they will be counted. If you can't catch them, the delivery time will be delayed.

Anyway, it is just this wave, no matter how much materials the British purchase, it will still be rootless.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1103 Super Smuggling Road
With the outbreak of the Russo-Japanese War, the humble west entrance became lively again, with an endless stream of caravans coming in and out every day.

There is no need for anyone to organize it specially. Interest is the best driving force, bringing business gangs from all over the world together here.

Although the Russians open their pockets to purchase strategic materials such as grain, livestock, coal, weapons and ammunition, there are always people who want to make more, and conflicts arise.

Especially after bureaucrats and local snakes joined in, the situation became even more complicated. Business gangs with weak strength and no backstage background were the first to be eliminated.

There are three paths before them, either to be incorporated and follow the Dashang Gang to pick up some leftovers; or to give it a go and defeat these guys and rise to the top themselves.

Capital is the most realistic, and capitalists are the easiest to compromise. Counterattacks only exist in novels.

In real life, major business gangs have long been entrenched and formed a large network.

In this chain of interests, there are too many big figures sharing the benefits, and there is no room for interruption.

To change this situation, unless the superstructure changes and power is redistributed.

A large-scale power reshuffle usually takes hundreds of years to occur, but a small-scale reshuffle occurs every few years or even decades.

So the business gang is still a business gang, only the leader is replaced, and it is all done internally.

There's nothing to say, just join if you can't beat it. Picking up some leftovers is better than going hungry.

As for the third way, giving up the hugely profitable West Exit trade route is absolutely unacceptable.

As Das Kapital says: "For 50% profit, it will take desperate risks.

For 100% profit, it will dare to trample all human laws.

With more than 300% profit, it will dare to violate any law." For crimes, you may even risk being hanged."

Although the bulk commodity profits from the West Exit trade are less than 300%, if you work hard, you still have a good chance of getting 100% profits.

No matter how bad it is, there is still 50% profit. If the profits were not huge enough, no one would risk their lives across thousands of miles of prairie.

As the largest business gang in the north, Shanxi merchants will naturally not be absent from this kind of profitable business.

However, the atmosphere in the Shanxi Merchant Guild Hall was a bit tense at this moment. Everyone familiar with it knows that it's time to make a decision again.

In order to attack the enemy's transportation lines and obtain supplies to meet their own logistics needs, Shanxi merchants, as local snakes, naturally became the targets of Japan and Russia.

At the beginning, the pressure between Japan and Russia was not tight, and everyone could still make a fortune from it.

However, as the war has entered a state of anxiety, the two countries have made more and more outside moves, and the space for everyone to make ends meet has become smaller and smaller.

The Russians attracted HRE, and the Japanese approached Britain. The original game between Japan and Russia turned into a four-nation battlefield.

An old man in a long robe and mandarin jacket lamented: "The imperial court continues to remain neutral, and the situation is becoming more and more difficult.

Now that Japan and Russia are pressing harder, and there is support from Britain and Austria behind them, business in the future may not be good." It's done."

It's impossible to give up trade at the west entrance. Heads can be cut off and blood can be shed, but business must not stop.

Not to mention the pressure from the Japanese, even though the Far Eastern Empire government ordered a ban, business still had to be done as usual.

But this is a small and medium-sized businessman below, and everyone here is different. Everyone is the owner of a big business, and the industry is not limited to one place, let alone one industry.

Although the West Exit trade was extremely profitable, due to the special nature of the war, this business was destined not to last long.

Continuing to send supplies to the Russians will undoubtedly offend Britain and Japan, especially the Japanese.

It would be fine if Japan were defeated. According to the Russian people's feces and urine, it would definitely make them paralyzed.

But once the Japanese won, the situation was completely different. Those of them who are on the wrong side will inevitably be liquidated in the future.

Of course, everyone sitting here is not an ordinary person. On their home court, the Japanese couldn't do anything to them. But most businesses within Japan's sphere of influence will not be able to continue.

After listening to the old man's words, a middle-aged man smoking a dry cigarette slowly stood up, walked to the door, puffed on smoke, and said sternly: "It's not easy to do, but it must be done.

We won't do it ." , there are others who do it. Once the market is given away, it will be difficult to get it back.

What's more, the Siberian Railway is about to be opened to traffic. With the support of the Holy Roman Empire behind it, the Russians have a significantly greater chance of winning."

A fat man in his forties on the opposite side echoed: "Mr. Wang, what Brother Liu said is true. Regardless of how powerful the Japanese are now, they are actually strong from outside. The Russians can only invest 50% of their strength in the Far East at most. Even the Japanese can't resist it. Once the Siberian Railway is opened to traffic, it will only be a matter of time before the Japanese fail.

Once defeated, it is unknown whether they can keep their homeland, and how can they have the ability to retaliate against us.

Even if they have the British Support, but the situation in Europe is tense now, and the British themselves have too much time to take care of themselves, how can they stand up for them."

Just like the original time and space, before the end of the war, no one could believe that the Russian Empire would actually lose to the Japanese.

Including those who supported the Japanese government, they were prepared in advance for their investments to be in vain. Their highest expectation was to inflict heavy losses on the Russians.

What really helped the Japanese government win the war was not the British, let alone the Americans, nor the Japanese army and navy, but the seemingly unrelated Russian Revolutionary Party.

If it weren't for the civil strife and the tsarist government's ironclad nature, it would have been a problem if the war had not been postponed for a few years.

Just look at the Russo-Turkish War, which lasted for ten or eight years. It was a common occurrence.

If you don't have money in your pocket, then you can wait until the funds are raised before continuing the war.

Anyway, the Russian Far East is completely blank. No matter how much harm it causes, the Tsarist government will not feel sorry for it.

Ice and snow are the biggest allies. If the Japanese army dares to go deep, they will never escape unscathed.

Not to mention now, Franz's back-up plan has not yet been launched, and the Vienna government is still strongly supporting the Tsarist government.

Britain and Japan had limited power in Russia. Even if they wanted to plan a revolution, they would not have the ability to implement it.

The Russian Empire itself was not in chaos. Before the opening of the Siberian Railway, the Far East battlefield was in a state of anxiety. Normal people were optimistic that the Tsarist government would win.

Mr. Wang waved his hand and said: "Okay, I just sighed. Seeing how anxious you are, young people just can't hold their breath.

Even if you want to take the west exit, you have to negotiate the terms first. Although we are transporting the goods for the Russians, The profits of supplies are huge, but this is not a long-term deal.

The Siberian Railway is about to open to traffic. If we can reach an agreement with the Russians and open up trade routes to Europe, the benefits contained in it will be much greater than transporting arms."

The Zhang family on the left The representative objected: "President Wang, how great the benefits are, how great the risks are.

The Russians are not easy to meet. They have no credibility. Even if an agreement is reached, they will break the contract if they say it is broken.

Even if you take the contract to fight , When the lawsuit is on other people's territory, we have no say in it.

In the past years, all of us sitting here have suffered a lot of losses in this regard."

What business is the most profitable?

Naturally, it is a monopoly.

The biggest reason why Shanxi merchants were able to rise in the barren north was that they monopolized trade with other countries.

With the advent of the maritime age, our trade monopoly in Korea and Liaodong has been broken.

The Mongolian prairie alone cannot support so many chambers of commerce. Some Shanxi merchants chose to go south, and some chose to continue going north.

Everyone sitting here is basically a representative of the Northbound faction. In order to open up trade routes to the Russian Empire, everyone also worked hard.

Of course, there were results, but most of the profits were swallowed up by Russian bureaucracy and capital. Everyone was busy and could only lose a few hard-earned money.

The effort and reward are not proportional, and no one can bear it after a long time. So much so that now, everyone has simply become a transit agent.

Transport the products of the Far Eastern Empire to the border and sell them to Russian merchants; then purchase special products from Russian merchants and transport them back to the country for sale.

Although the money is less, the risk is also smaller. There is no need to worry about being swallowed up by Russian local snakes on the way.

From the perspective of ordinary people, it is acceptable to make some stable money. But in the eyes of businessmen, failure to maximize profits is a failure.

President Wang smiled slightly and said: "Xingbai, you are still so upright.

But you are right. With our own strength alone, we are naturally unable to open up the land trade line to Europe.

But we are not strong enough. , you can still find someone to cooperate with you!"

"Be honest", for businessmen, this is not a compliment, it can even be called a satire.

It can be seen that the old man is very dissatisfied with Zhang Xingbai who questioned him, and his words are full of teasing.

Everyone turned a deaf ear to all this, as if nothing happened. Including Zhang Xingbai himself, no one said anything.

Wherever there are people, there are rivers and lakes. There is a big river and lake outside, and there is a small river and lake inside the chamber of commerce.

We all stick together because of our interests. In normal business competition, no one shows mercy, and there are definitely not a few conflicts that have accumulated over a long period of time.

The middle-aged man surnamed Liu said: "Mr. Wang, Brother Zhang just made a slip of the tongue. Your old prime minister can support the boat, so please forgive me. It's just that we are really puzzled by finding someone to cooperate. In the past years, , we did not have no partners, but we broke up in the end.

Foreigners have no courtesy and honor, and the Russians are an outlier among foreigners. They regard credibility as nothing.

Even the government can default and go bankrupt in order to avoid debts. If we go deeper with them If you cooperate, you may be tricked to death.” The Russians at the beginning of the 20th century were already notorious. As the Tsarist government defaulted on its debts one after another, the whole world had deep doubts about the credibility of the Russians.

Not to mention everyone present, many people have suffered losses in cooperation. Facing a partner who doesn't follow the rules, no matter how perfect the contract is, it's useless.

After glancing at the crowd, he saw that everyone was not in high spirits, and President Wang did not dare to continue to talk about it. Without the cooperation of everyone, his family alone would have been choked to death.

"I can understand everyone's doubts. To be honest, I have made many mistakes in our trade with Russia in the past few decades. Our advantage is that we have connections and funds in the country, but our disadvantage is that we lack connections in the Russian Empire. The net cannot deter wolves, tigers and leopards.

Even if we cooperate with Russian dignitaries, those people still regard us as pigs and sheep. If we are fattened and then killed, there is no credibility at all.

In the final analysis, there is still an imbalance of power between the two sides. In cooperation, our voice is almost non-existent.

After learning from the experience, I found that the key to solving this problem is to find a partner that cannot be too strong.

It is best to be able to deter wolves, jackals, tigers and leopards along the way, but since we lack local foundation, we have to rely on us for specific business. "

After such an explanation, everyone understood it. It's just like bribing officials in normal times. Giving away a share of dry shares will be equivalent to paying a share of protection fee. The specific business is still led by yourself. If you have local connections, you can naturally play like this. Here we are. The same cannot be said for the Russian Empire. The Russian bureaucracy is dominated by aristocrats, and those who can collude have colluded. There is no room for outsiders like them to show their talents. The man surnamed Liu shook his head in disappointment: "Mr. Wang, the theory is correct. But in actual operation, we simply cannot find such a partner, and we may even be involved in political struggles. "

No wonder he was nervous. In recent decades, they have invested the most in opening up the trade line with Russia.

The Liu family's caravan even traveled from the Far East through Siberia to central Europe.

It sounds powerful, but in fact it is just profitable. They felt lonely. Not only was Siberia's traffic in disarray, but the layer upon layer exploitation of Russian bureaucracy was even more shocking to them.

President Wang said without changing his expression: "Rusong, you are right. Normally, we really can't find that kind of partner.

But it's different now. Partners come to your doorstep on their own. Compared to the previous days, everyone had contact with Austrians.

Although they appear to be arms dealers, their true identities are definitely not simple. Anyway, I have never seen arms dealers escorted by warships.

Especially the leader is actually a noble, and not an ordinary noble.

I sent someone to inquire and found out that Sir Louis is a member of the Holy Roman Empire royal family. Although he is only a distant branch, he can serve as a leader.

He came to the Far East this time to expand his family's business, and this arms trade was just incidental.

Everyone must have heard about the reputation of the Habsburg family. Whether politically or economically, everything related to them is basically positive.

If we can cooperate with them, we can directly open up trade lines with Europe, whether it is land or sea.

The only uncertainty is the struggle for supremacy between HRE and Britain, but that doesn't hurt.

The Royal Navy couldn't get ashore. Even if it failed in the struggle for hegemony, the Holy Roman Empire was still one of the world's largest powers.

This opportunity is rare. If they didn't need us to transport strategic materials for the Russians, we might not even be qualified to contact them. "

There is no difference between collaboration and cooperation. The most common business cooperation is a simple purchase and sale, and there is no personal relationship between the two parties.

Deep-level cooperation is different. It is not just a matter of money, but more We also need to consider resource complementation.

Facing the Shinra royal family, Shanxi merchants had too few resources. Even the personal connections they were proud of were worthless in the eyes of the other party.

After the shock, everyone quickly He reacted. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. As long as we get on this line, opening up the Russian trade route is not a problem.

With the participation of the Shinra royal family and cooperation with Russian dignitaries, we can only follow the rules. Everything. Everyone was still willing to play within the rules.

The man surnamed Liu asked: "Have Mr. Wang talked with Sir Louis?"

The old man smiled awkwardly and said, "It's just a preliminary contact, and there is no in-depth discussion. " After all, Sir Louis not only wants us to transport arms for the Russians, but also to help the Russians raise strategic supplies.

Without everyone's participation, the Wang family alone would not be able to raise enough supplies for the Russians.

But everyone can rest assured that Sir Louis has promised that everyone will not suffer a loss in terms of price, and everything will be based on the market price in the trading area. He will urge the Russians to pay on time.

They will be responsible for handling any official trouble caused by raising strategic materials and will not leave any hidden dangers to everyone. "

Profit is always the best link. As long as the money is enough, raising strategic supplies is not a problem at all.

Before this, although everyone was also taking the west exit, they did not transport much supplies each time. In addition to worrying about the mountain Apart from thieves and bandits, they are more afraid of being hacked by the Russians.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 1104 Bad Idea

Reputation is a good thing, and the reputation Franz has built up over a long period of time has now come into play.

No matter how much the Russians promised, no one could believe it, but a member of the Habsburg family came out as guarantee, and everyone quickly accepted it.

Dare to make a guarantee, Louis is certainly not aimless. Being able to let him, a member of the royal family, personally take action means that this transaction is extraordinary.

Although the arms dealers acted spontaneously on the surface, behind the scenes it was decided together by Vienna and St. Petersburg. The real arms seller was the Vienna government.

It's not easy to catch up with a war fortune. After traveling thousands of miles to the Far East, Louis naturally couldn't give up this opportunity to make money.

The Vienna government sells arms and medicines, but it can also sell other strategic materials! When the war breaks out, there will be thousands of taels of gold, no matter what you sell, it will be a huge profit.

If you don't have the goods on hand, it doesn't matter, local snakes have them. Shanxi merchants were worried that it would be difficult to collect money from the Russians, but Louis was not afraid at all.

The Russian bureaucrats are not idiots, and they can just bully businessmen with no background; those who are undermining the Vienna government will not even dare to lend them any courage.

"Pull the tiger's skin and pull up the banner."

It is enough to scare the Russian bureaucrats in the Far East. Even if someone has the energy to investigate, the cards of the Habsburg family can still control the situation.

What really needs to be paid is to solve the official troubles. Not only the pressure from the Far Eastern Empire, but also the pressure from the Japanese government.

In fact, this is very simple, just come out and act tough at the critical moment.

You know, Louis is now a representative of the Shinra royal family, and he came to the Far East to strengthen exchanges between the royal families.

Even though he doesn't have many actual rights, there is absolutely no problem with using this identity to scare people.

Although HRE and Britain's forces in the Far East are both fake, apart from looking scary on the outside, their actual delivery capabilities are really limited, but the outside world doesn't know that!

Just looking at the military strength on the surface, Austrian Nanyang has the strength to defeat Japan or the Far East Empire, at least in the eyes of many people in the Far East.

The reference template is the Battle of the Philippines. A declining Spain can even compete with Japan, the strongest country in the Far East. HRE, whose national power is more than ten times stronger, is naturally overestimated.

Shanxi merchants are not rootless people. Once they are local snakes, once they let go of their hands and feet, the energy they can use is absolutely beyond imagination.

You must know that two hundred years ago, they were able to support themselves by their own efforts...

There is no guarantee that at least the Russian army's food problem can be solved. This is also the mission of Louis's trip to the Far East.

In the words of Emperor Franz the Great, that is: You cannot let the Russians go hungry, and you cannot let them be too full. It is just right to be evenly matched with Japan.

To achieve this, it is necessary to strictly control the input of strategic materials. Too much is not enough, and less is not enough.

Zhang Xingbai clasped his fists and bowed to the old man: "Xingbai is young and ignorant. I offended you just now. Please forgive me. To be honest,

I just received news yesterday that the family caravan was sold to the Russians. Only 70% of the payment was received.

I believe everyone has encountered a similar situation. If a partner can be introduced to ensure the normal delivery of the payment, Xingbai will be the first to support it.

However, Sir Louis was born in the Habsburg dynasty and held a high position of power. , how will the benefits be distributed after he joins?"

In a sense, the defeat of the Russian army in the original time and space was also caused by his own bureaucrats.

For the sake of profit, the quartermaster responsible for procurement often pocketed kickbacks and even paid for goods.

If the transaction amount is too large, there may even be gangsters and gangsters, killing people and putting the blame on the bandits, making the smugglers afraid.

It wasn't until the incident got serious that senior Russian military officers came out to stop it, but by that time it was already irreversible.

Even if there are changes, the number of caravans willing to take risks has also decreased, and many people have simply turned to Japanese business, so that the materials obtained from smuggling have been greatly reduced.

It has just started now, and the transaction volume each time is not large, and it has not yet developed to the point of being a gangster. However, it is still common to receive commissions and pay the final payment.

Being able to solve these problems is indeed very important. However, the issue that everyone is more concerned about is still the specific "interest distribution."

After picking up the tea cup and taking a sip, President Wang said slowly: "Let's talk about the current West Exit trade first. There are two ways of cooperation.

One is to sign a contract buyout with Sir Louis, and we will ship it directly to the Russians. Even if it is completed, he will communicate with the Russians on all follow-up issues to ensure that everyone's gross profit is not less than 50%.

Second, we jointly invest in setting up a trading company. We will be responsible for the specific management and operation, and Sir Louis will be responsible for handling the Russians' Relationships and shareholding ratios are determined based on the amount of investment.

After the West Exit trade is over, the company will open up overseas business routes. He can help coordinate relationships anywhere in the world.

However, these human relationships need to be made up for in other places. Specifically We will discuss the situation when the situation arises."

The buyout deal sounds good, with a 50% gross profit margin, but in fact it is not. The prerequisite for getting profits is to deliver the goods safely to the destination.

Although the other party promised to settle the official troubles, the bandits and bandits along the way were also a threat.

Even though everyone has connections and a sum of money is enough to pay for the trip, everything will be fine, but there are always times when accidents happen.

Cooperation is different. If the goods are lost and the money of the Shinra royal family is lost, it will involve an international dispute.

As long as they are informed, the yamen will be more anxious than them. Troops will be sent to suppress the bandits in minutes. Even if the goods cannot be recovered, the losses can still be recovered.

Especially after hearing that "the shareholding ratio is determined by the amount of capital contribution", everyone's eyes became brighter.

Frankly speaking, no one thought at all that the other party would pay. In the eyes of everyone, it is nothing more than a second-generation person who wants to use his connections to make a fortune.

Everyone has encountered this situation too many times. Usually a sum of dry shares is sent up, and then everyone becomes one of their own.

A partnership with dry shares is obviously not on the same level as a partnership with personal contributions.

In the former case, the other side did nothing and just walked away if there was a problem; in the latter case, everyone's interests were tied together, and in a true sense, everyone suffered and everyone prospered.

Liu Rusong said in disbelief: "Mr. Wang, are you sure that the shares will be distributed according to the proportion of capital contribution, and there are no other additional conditions?"

There is no way, such a cooperation condition, let alone Shanxi merchants, no business gang in the country can refuse.

Although everyone gets what they need, the social structure of "scholars, farmers, industry and commerce" in the Far Eastern Empire inherently makes them shorter by more than one head.

Looking at the shocked people, President Wang said calmly: "Don't worry, I have confirmed it myself. According to Sir Louis, this is the family rule of the Habsburg family.

Children are prohibited from using their status to make profits, and all foreign business cooperation must be We must be fair and equitable to avoid ruining the family's reputation."

When he first heard the news, President Wang couldn't believe it. There are still people in this world who think there is too much money and don't even want the money that comes to their doorstep.

However, after I sent a telegram to my son who was studying in Europe to inquire, I found that the Habsburg dynasty did have this family rule, and it was still very well-known in the European world.

"Fair and fair" is purely a joke. The network of contacts will give you an inherent advantage, but taking dry shares is indeed prohibited by Franz's order.

On the one hand, it is really for the family's reputation; on the other hand, there is really no shortage of money.

There are many similar family rules, most of which are aimed at dandy children. Once violated, the title and surname will be withdrawn at the least, or served in the royal prison at the worst.

I don't know whether it can be implemented 100% in the future. Anyway, no one has tried it after Franz has been in office for so many years.

Before coming to the Far Eastern Empire, it was obviously difficult for Louis to come up with enough capital, and the royal allowance was obviously not enough.

But after arriving in the Far Eastern Empire, everything became different. Along the way, it was a matter of accepting gifts with a soft hand.

Especially in the capital, after a few banquets, the profits are overwhelming. Although a courtesy gift is required, after all, you still make a lot more.

Louis is not a national official, and this time he came out to communicate with the royal family. Exchanging gifts is purely normal behavior.

That is to say, there are many wealthy people in the Far Eastern Empire. In exchange activities like this in Europe, it would be good to be able to maintain capital, but it is simply impossible to make a big fortune.

Therefore, as a common practice, these gifts belong to individuals. Neither the government nor the royal family will interfere.

If he hadn't been in a hurry, I guess Louis would have had to entertain all the royal relatives of the Far Eastern Empire.

There is no way, these people are too polite. Anyone who is invited, regardless of whether the person comes or not, will definitely receive the gift, and no one will come empty-handed.

As a representative of the Shinra royal family, Louis cannot be rude when others give him face like this. You must prepare a return gift so that others don't feel embarrassed.

The insufficient number of gifts prepared in advance was one of the reasons why Louis went out on business quickly. It is estimated that the banquet exchanges will continue until the gifts ordered from Central arrive.

Although the gift is not cash, it can still be redeemed. Shanxi merchants were experts in this regard, and one-third of the gifts given to officials in the Far Eastern Empire were underwritten by them.

After listening to President Wang's explanation, everyone's morale soared. It is really not easy to meet such a well-behaved partner.

Naturally, such an opportunity cannot be missed. As for offending the Japanese, it is nothing at all.

...

I don't know that Sir Louis, who has easily solved it, is still worried about raising supplies. There was nothing he could do, the tsarist government actually entrusted him with the food, drink, and peeing of hundreds of thousands of Russian troops.

It sounds childish, but the Russians did entrust the task of raising supplies to the Vienna government, and Emperor Franz gave him full authority to handle it.

The reason is very simple. There are not many members of the Shinra royal family in Asia, and even fewer can speak Chinese.

Unfortunately, this task requires a high-status person to communicate, otherwise the bureaucrats will not be intimidated, and members of the royal family are the most suitable.

In order to complete this political mission, the first thing Louis did after coming to the Far Eastern Empire from Austrian Nanyang was to make friends.

The effect was also very obvious. With the trademark of the Shinra royal family and his communication talent, he quickly made many "new friends".

No matter how unreliable this friendship is, it is still possible to get some information. If he wasn't worried that too many people would be involved, it would be easy to do bad things. It is estimated that Louis would have dragged a group of powerful people in to make a fortune.

Of course, it's a good thing he didn't do this, otherwise he would have learned what it meant: "What to do, what not to do, the first to cause trouble."

Originally, Louis was very confident in raising supplies, but after seeing the path of the Far Eastern Empire, he became completely desperate.

In his opinion, it is simply an impossible task to solve the logistics of hundreds of thousands of troops with such bad transportation.

If a friend hadn't recommended Shanxi merchants to him and listed the feat of transporting grain out of customs to feed hundreds of thousands of people two hundred years ago, Louis wouldn't have believed that anyone could do it.

Since someone can do it, there is no need to say anything, so we must cooperate.

You must know that more than two months have passed since receiving the order. If the next progress is not faster, the Russian army on the front line will be in disgrace.

Louis may not care about the life or death of the Russians, but he cannot fail his mission.

Seeing that Louis was in a bad mood, the translator who was traveling with him comforted him: "Sir, you don't need to worry at all. Shanxi merchants are all smart people and know how to choose." Do you need a translator if you can speak Chinese?

There is no way, there is no unified Mandarin these days, there are a lot of dialects everywhere. Including what Louis learned, they all learned the southern Fujian dialect.

After a pause, Louis shook his head: "Li, you don't understand military affairs. The consumption of materials by a modern army is completely different from that of an ancient army.

Judging from the information provided by the Russians, half a million Russian troops consume an average of Consuming more than 5,000 tons of supplies, even if the Russians could solve half of them themselves, there would still be a gap of 2,500 tons, which would be a gap of 75,000 tons in one month.

If it were at home, this amount of supplies would not be enough at all. It is worth mentioning that it is nothing more than a dozen trains of goods a day.

But this is the Far East Empire, which relies entirely on manpower and animal power. It has to transport 2,500 tons of supplies to the front line every day. That is simply unimaginable.

Now I don't even ask for it. It is enough to meet all the logistical needs of the Russian army, just to solve their problem of feeding them and supplying weapons and ammunition."

Translator Li: "Sir, the problem is actually not that complicated. As long as the Russians have money, none of this is a problem.

If the food transportation cannot keep up, you can simply purchase a batch of livestock from the nearby grasslands and drive them directly there.

Now you just need to get weapons and ammunition there. If that doesn't work, you can also sell a batch of transport airships to the Russians.

I remember your country During the European War, a record of five thousand tons of bombs being dropped by air in one day was set. Relying on transport airships for temporary emergency response should not be a big problem."

It can be seen that this translator does not understand military affairs. It is true that five thousand tons of ammunition were airdropped in one day, but the price paid behind this was that in the following days, Shinra's airship troops took a collective rest.

For no other reason than after the extreme flight, the airship must be completely overhauled, otherwise there is a risk of turning into a firework.

Of course, those were airships more than ten years ago. Nowadays, airship technology has advanced, and large transport airships can even transport hundreds of tons of materials at a time.

Theoretically speaking, as long as dozens of Big Macs are built, the Russian army's logistics problems can be solved in a short time.

The prerequisite is not to encounter enemy aircraft, otherwise it will be a large fireworks display, and nothing will happen as soon as the explosion sounds.

There are actually more restrictions, such as high operating costs, troublesome logistics and maintenance, the need for a professional technical team, etc.

After thinking for a while, Louis affirmed: "What a great idea. I will generate electricity for the country right away. This is another big business."

Obviously, Louis is fully aware of the weakness of the airship. Even if airship transportation is developed, it will only be effective in the early stage and will be scrapped when the Japanese react.

Affected by the European War, aircraft entered the stage of history ahead of schedule. It was rarely used in the Russo-Japanese War, mainly because Japan and Russia were poor and could not afford an air force.

Although the price of aircraft is not high these days, it is also relative. In particular, logistical maintenance is troublesome. After every flight mission, the crew must be inspected and repaired.

The Air Force not only maintains aircraft, but also the crew behind them. After calculation, the cost of an aircraft together with supporting facilities is much higher than that of an infantry battalion.

Except for two local tycoons, Shinra and Britain, who dare to equip large-scale equipment, even if other countries want to follow suit, their financial resources do not allow it.

You know it, but it doesn't prevent Louis from adding an order. You must know that Shinra retires a large number of airships every year, and is worried about finding a new owner to take over.

It happened to be sold to the Russians as a last-minute emergency. As long as the number is not too large, I believe the tsarist government can still find crew members.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1105 The Anglo-Austrian War? ?2021-01-02Author : Xin Haiyue 1 A bad idea is still an idea, no matter how low the cost-effectiveness is, as long as it can save lives at the critical moment, the tsarist government can only continue.

In the original time and space, at the end of 1904, the Siberian Railway was opened to traffic. Although it was not in normal operation, it could still send a few trains every day on average.

Don't underestimate these humble trains of goods. At critical moments, these materials can even determine the outcome of the war.

The gap always had to be filled, and by relying on the smuggling trade, the tsarist government actually sought medical treatment in a hurry.

After the European War, the air forces of various countries tacitly chose to eliminate airships. Except for a small number of transport airships, the sky was basically occupied by aircraft.

The Russian Empire also has an airship force, but due to cost-effectiveness, the scale has always been very small.

After the Russo-Japanese War broke out, the airship troops were not transferred to the Far East. On the one hand, it was due to cost-effectiveness, and on the other hand, the top military officials knew that their airship troops were useless .

There is no way. The service life of the airship is limited. If the equipment is not replaced for more than ten or twenty years, it will not dare to take off easily for daily training.

Not to mention completing the combat mission, how to transport it to the Far East is a problem. Anyway, the old-fashioned airships equipped by the Russian army cannot fly to the destination.

In comparison, Shinra's airship troops are different. Although withdrawn from the order of battle, the logistics force still retains its complete organization.

Different from the Russian bureaucrats' response, as long as the Shinra army has a staff, its weapons and equipment must be replaced when they are approaching retirement.

Although airships have withdrawn from the battlefield, which has dampened the enthusiasm of manufacturers, only combat airships have been cut off from the production line. Transport airships have still survived tenaciously.

Not only are they used by the military, but also by civilians. If it weren't for the fact that the price/performance ratio couldn't keep up, airships would have become the fourth mainstream means of transportation, alongside trains, ships, and cars.

Developed countries like HRE find the cost too high, let alone other developing countries. Even if you want to buy it, the money in your pocket won't allow it.

In this context, the military's decommissioned airships are embarrassed. There is no market for export sales, and domestic sales are looked down upon.

Although capitalists are greedy, they also have to consider risks. The performance of airships equipped by the military is indeed good, but the logistics and maintenance requirements are also high.

After all, we are flying in the sky, and if something goes wrong, the boat may be destroyed and people may die.

Now that we are selling it to the Russians, there won't be so much trouble. After the handover, it was immediately put on the front line, even post-service services were saved.

If an occurred during the flight, it must have been caused by the Japanese accident; otherwise, the crew did not operate as required, which had absolutely nothing to do with the airship itself.

It can be seen from the active sales attitude that the high-level officials of the Vienna government have done a very good job in maintaining confidentiality. Even its own people did not know that the government was mentally prepared to meet the tsarist government's debt default.

It's impossible not to prepare in advance. Who knows that the Russians have a criminal record, and it is not just a debt default, they are typical repeat offenders.

On the bright side, the Russians still have a winning chance. Even if there are logistical problems, the outside world is generally optimistic about the Russians.

Not only the tsarist government was full of confidence in the upcoming Siberian Railway, but the outside world was also full of confidence in this railway.

According to "experts", after the Siberian Railway is opened to traffic, it can transport 15 million tons of cargo every year. Even if one million Russian troops are fighting on the front line, it can easily meet the logistics needs.

How the numbers were calculated, Franz didn't know. Anyway, he didn't think the Russians could do it.

Not to mention the Siberian Railway, even the railway from Moscow to St. Petersburg cannot achieve this theoretical goal if a single line is cut off.

It's not that the railways can't carry the load, nor that the trains are too slow. The real problem lies in bad weather and organizational capabilities.

At the end of World War II in the original time and space, the Soviet government set a record for monthly transportation volume of 1.45 million tons.

However, in just one month, due to the climate, the annual transportation volume of the Siberian Railway still failed to exceed 10 million tons.

The time has been advanced by 40 years, and the carrying capacity has to be increased by 50% based on the Soviet Union. Unless the Tsarist government is cheated, there will be no use at all.

Taking into account the differences in the times, not to mention challenging the ultimate carrying capacity, as long as it can complete one-tenth of it, the Russian army will be able to hammer the Japanese to the ground.

Unfortunately, transporting 145,000 tons of supplies every month is also an unattainable dream.

At least until the surrounding supporting facilities and management system of the Siberian Railway are improved, there will be no feasibility.

Since the outside world is generally optimistic that the Russians can win, they naturally do not think that the tsarist government will go bankrupt. As long as the war is won, the losses can be passed on completely.

Even though Japan is very poor, as long as you search carefully, you can always squeeze out oil.

If that doesn't work, you can still use labor as an offset. Different from those who are lazy and lazy... Japanese workers are also high-quality labor force.

...

Just as Russia and Austria were trying to figure out how to provide logistics for the Russian troops on the front line, the situation in London also became tense, and the air was filled with a strong smell of gunpowder.

Integrating industrial production capacity is itself a thankless job. For capitalists, the overall situation is far less important than making money.

Naturally, everyone does not like the Campbell government that promoted all this. The direct manifestation is: public opinion fiercely criticizes, as if the Campbell government is the sinner who destroyed Britain.

The opposition party also took the opportunity to launch an impeachment in Parliament. If King Edward VII had not personally supported it, and the competitors did not want to clean up the mess at this time and did not become more aggressive, it is estimated that Downing Street would have changed its owner by now.

It's okay to be scolded. As long as the government is serious about its work, there will be no one who will not be scolded. As long as it succeeds, the reputation can be washed away.

Looking at Prime Minister Campbell's current look of wanting to eat people, we know that things are definitely not going well.

Driven by thoughtful people, the integration of industrial production capacity is regarded by the public as a collusion between the government and consortiums with the intention of annexing everyone's industrial monopoly market.

For a time, there was an endless stream of protests, and the shocking slogans of the demonstrators resounded throughout the British Isles. The small and medium-sized capitalists said to them with practical actions - "No".

Not only were the people below resisting, but even the consortium lacked interest. "Monopoly market" sounds wonderful, but if you actually put it into practice, you will find that many industries cannot play like this.

On the one hand, the threshold is low. The key is that for the sake of social stability, the Campbell government requires everyone not to lay off employees or raise prices.

In essence, the core advantages of a monopoly are to optimize the corporate structure, reduce production costs, and control pricing power by oneself. Now that these two points are gone, what is there to do?
Especially for financial groups, this is a disaster. People who are used to making quick money have no interest in doing business honestly.

As two percent of the "80/20 rule", financiers are working hard to control 12% of the world's wealth. Naturally, everyone is "respectful but not sensitive" to the Campbell government's plan.

Everyone at the top and bottom was opposed, so naturally the plan could not be promoted. After working hard for several months, Prime Minister Campbell found that he was lonely.

Even though the government has implemented tariff barriers, the domestic industry has not improved much.

The fierce international competition is only one aspect. The most important thing is that Britain has embarked on the old path of the former time and space usury empire. More and more consortiums in the country are falling in love with the financial industry, and fewer and fewer people are willing to work hard in the industry.

The British government itself is not very strong. Its policy guidance can affect the domestic economy, but it does not have the ability to make a final decision.

Even with government support, sunset industries that lack capital injection do not develop smoothly.

It can only be said that Campbell is too impatient. If he slows down and waits for the previously formulated economic policies to ferment and let the outside world see that investment in industry is also very profitable, people will naturally join in.

Obviously, Campbell couldn't afford to wait, and neither could Britain. The turbulent international situation tells them that they must "quickly".

Industry Secretary Henry Birx: "Public opposition is getting louder and louder, and all sectors of society are opposing the government's intervention in the economic market. It is now impossible to integrate domestic industry in a short period of time. The Ministry of Industry is preparing to adjust the plan. Activate the backup plan."

Politicians who plunge in without looking back are always in the minority, and most politicians still prefer to "act according to circumstances."

Seeing that the plan failed, the Ministry of Industry, as the specific executor, naturally had to find ways to deal with the consequences.

Campbell's face turned even darker when he heard "activate backup plan." There is no way. To put it nicely, it is a "backup plan". To put it badly, it is to use national interests to appease the capital industry in exchange for everyone's cooperation in the future.

Of course, this "coordination" must be based on the premise that the government gives up its industrial integration plan.

Interior Minister Azevedo said angrily: "Failure is failure. Since no one cares about the overall situation, why should we be such evil people!"

This is true. The deeper we understand the country, Azevedo The more desperate I feel.

After the rise of the Holy Roman Empire, the powerful British Empire was left with only its glamorous appearance.

Free trade achieved the glory of the British Empire, and free trade also brought the British Empire to the point of no return.

Under the free trade system, British capital traveled all over the world and made a lot of money.

Even though HRE's economy is larger, the British still have more say in the capital market. Shinra capital makes profits from industrial and commercial products, while British capital makes huge profits by harvesting leeks.

Despite the fact that Britain has been running a long-term trade deficit in international trade, the profits earned by British capital are no less than that of Shinra, or even more.

In a sense, this is the core reason why previous governments did not withdraw from the free trade system even though they knew that the trade deficit was growing.

By the time of Campbell, the grievances of the domestic industrial and commercial circles had reached their peak. The conflicts could no longer be suppressed and had to be cut off.

At this point, everyone discovered the fragility of Britain. It's just that the emerging technology fields are lagging behind across the board. The key is that even traditional advantageous industries are now suffering from insufficient production capacity.

Azevedo, who was angry outside, could no longer suppress his resentment and couldn't help but break the jar.

Finance Minister Asquith: "Calm down Sir Azevedo, Britain has reached its most critical moment, and we can no longer let anger affect our reason.

Although the plan to integrate industrial production capacity is progressing slowly, it is not without gains, at least steel and coal In other fields, resources have indeed become more concentrated, and production capacity improvements are just around the corner.

Although the progress is a little slower than expected, our time has not been in vain. Using the Russo-Japanese War as a cover, the empire purchased large quantities from overseas Scarce supplies.

With these supplies as supplements, we will not be at a disadvantage in a short period of time."

It was okay not to explain, but the atmosphere in the room became more tense after this explanation. Everyone is paying attention to the implication. If you do not fall behind in the short term, it means that you will be at a disadvantage in the long-term competition.

Army Secretary Markus Katzel: "We have been discussing and discussing, but we can't actually solve the problem.

As an island country, it is unwise to compete with the Shinra for industrial strength. Don't forget that they are the hegemons of Europe. Now The Russians were busy advancing eastward and could not play a containment role at all.

If the confrontation continues for a long time, we will not only face the Holy Roman Empire, but also the European world attached to their wings.

From a military perspective, instead of waiting for the enemy to be ready and challenge us, it is better to take advantage of the advantage now and strike first.

No matter what method we adopt, as long as we can severely damage or even completely annihilate the Shinra Navy, the situation will be reversed immediately.

Even if the Holy Roman Empire cannot be killed once, it can at least keep them peaceful for another twenty years. I believe that with the power of the Imperial Navy, it is not difficult to accomplish this. "

After listening to Marcus's proposal, Navy Minister Swinding could no longer sit still: "You think we don't want to, but the problem now is that the main force of the Shinra Navy is staying in the Mediterranean.

In the enemy's Mediterranean base, protected by the air force and shore artillery, it would be difficult for the Imperial Navy to achieve results even if it ventured deep into the enemy's home base. "

With great power comes great responsibility.

As the boss of the British military, the Royal Navy has no choice but to shoulder the important task of defending Britain. All decisive battle plans formulated by the British government revolve around the navy. The Royal Navy has indeed lived up to expectations. , in the past two hundred years, it was "God kills God when he blocks it, and Buddha when Buddha blocks Buddha". Battle after battle, the British Empire's century-old glory was established.

However, the power of the Royal Navy also has its limits. The enemy is shrinking in If they cannot come out of their lair, they are also powerless.

Army Secretary Marcus said without any sign of weakness: "If the enemy is unwilling to come out for a decisive battle, then find a way to lure them out.

At this time, no one still dreams of living in peace with the Holy Roman Empire, right?

We have to fight anyway, so we might as well take action in advance to disrupt the enemy's rhythm and increase our chances of winning. "

Is Marcus really warlike?

The answer is of course: no.

If there were more options, he would never think of a decisive battle with Shinra now. If war really broke out, not only the navy would have to rush forward, but The army must also go up.

If nothing else, the Cape of Good Hope must be defended. Without this important port, the route from the British Isles to India would be difficult.

Not only the Cape of Good Hope, but also Persia, Indochina, etc. The areas bordering the Shinra will all face challenges.

But it won't work without fighting. Now the British government has devoted all its efforts to support the navy. As for the stepmother army, it can only follow behind and eat the leftovers.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1106: Urgent2021-01-04 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 War cannot be fought just by asking, especially in a system like the UK's. The cabinet government has no power to make the decision without authorization to launch a war that bets on the fate of the country.

But this kind of thing is not suitable for discussion in parliament. If hundreds of congressmen know about it, that means the whole world knows about it.

When everyone's wrangling is over, it will be better not to strike first. God bless you if you don't get struck first.

Although the Royal Navy has the advantage, the Shinra Navy is not weak either. If we go by the 70% standard of the original time and space book, we can do it directly now.

After the new batch of battleships are commissioned, the strength gap between the two sides will be even smaller. With the time difference between them being put into service first, they can take the lead.

Don't expect the king to come out and take the thunder in this kind of thing. Edward VII is not George V. He is not that easy to fool and will not take the blame for them.

The Royal Navy has been dominant for too long, and the people have long been accustomed to victory. In this context, winning the naval battle is the right thing to do, and losing it is a heinous crime.

Frankly speaking, if his term was not for a long time, Campbell would probably choose to fool around and leave the trouble to the next term.

No joke, there are already people in the cabinet who are ready to "retire due to illness". Among them was the Minister of War who clamored the loudest.

This is often the case in politics. Usually the person who shouts the loudest slogans actually does the most cowardly things.

The reason couldn't be more realistic. Everyone has confidence in the Royal Navy. Who has confidence in the lobster soldiers?
The enemy may not be able to defeat the Royal Navy in a naval battle, but can he still be unable to win a land battle?

The war minister, who felt unsure, naturally wanted to grease the soles of his feet.

This is the case with British politics. As long as there are no major political stains, if you retreat now, you can make a comeback in a few years.

On the contrary, they worked hard and conscientiously. Once there was a failure on the battlefield, the Minister of War, as one of the responsible persons, would take the blame.

After reaching this position, those who can still pass the blame to the leader are great masters. Looking at the history of the world, there are only a handful of them.

Others can retreat, but Campbell, as Prime Minister, cannot run away. The interest groups behind him paid a huge price to push him to power. Now is the time to reap the rewards. How can we make him back down?
If you can 't escape, then you can only give it a try. All island countries have a gambling heart, and gambling on national fortunes is not a Japanese exclusive.

The British Navy's challenge to the Spanish Armada was also a big gamble. The only difference is that the British are more prepared, while the book starts as soon as the head is hot.

Shinra's new warship is still in the dock, and it will still be a few months before it is launched. The subsequent installation of weapons and equipment and running-in training will take time.

When all these things are completed and combat effectiveness is truly formed, it will be a year or two later. Such a long time is enough to create friction and provoke conflicts.

On the contrary, how to deceive the Shinra Navy into a decisive battle is a big problem. If the enemy had been hiding in the Mediterranean to destroy warships, and then came out with a hundred and eighty battleships, it would really be the end of the world.

Campbell has personally experienced the gap in industrial strength. In terms of numbers, Britain really can't keep up, even with allies.

Made in the United States these days, it's all about copycats and copycats. If you want to build a high-tech battleship, even if you send a complete set of shipbuilding equipment and a complete set of design drawings, it won't be digested in ten or eight years.

The United States in the original time and space was much more powerful than it is now, with its total industrial output and economic output already ranking first in the world.

Watching the British build dreadnoughts, the Americans couldn't stand their loneliness and ran to follow suit. As a result, it took three years and one month to build the South Carolina-class battleship with a displacement of 16,000 tons.

Just look at the paper data and you will know that Americans have created many of the best in the world. Including: the lowest displacement, the lowest power, the slowest speed, the most firepower...

It's just that the performance can't keep up, and the ship building speed is also a snail. At the same time, the British built the world's first dreadnought ship, which took only 14 months to build.

The external explanation is that it took time to finalize the design plan, but under normal circumstances, isn't it necessary to finalize the design plan before starting work?

Construction has already started, and the design plan has not yet been determined. There is only one possibility, and that is that the technology cannot keep up and the original design plan cannot be completed.

There is nothing surprising. The shipyard responsible for building the South Carolina-class battleships is poaching people and buying technology while they are constructing. It is understandable that the speed is slower.

It's even worse now. After the division of the United States, the total industrial output is less than half of the original time and space, and the quality is even less expected.

Apart from this ally who has barely achieved industrialization, Britain's remaining younger brothers are really just younger brothers.

Not to mention building dreadnoughts, there are only a handful of companies that can build ironclads. Among them, the most developed shipbuilding industry is still in the war.

Not to mention, most people except the Japanese navy would not dare to use the warships built by the Japanese these days. With the Royal Navy being picky about warships, it is impossible to catch their eyes.

This won't work, and that won't work either. In fact, the only way left before the British government is to strike first and launch a war before the enemy completes its preparations for war.

Of course, the prerequisite is that Britain completes its preparations for war first. It would be embarrassing if you didn't prepare yourself and just rushed to strike first.

These are also inseparable from Parliament. Without parliamentary approval, the British government has no power to spend hundreds of millions of pounds to prepare for war.

On June 1, 1904, the Campbell government launched a proposal to Parliament to build a strategic material support system modeled on the Holy Roman Empire.

...

While the British government was busy wrangling with Parliament, the transport airship sold by Shinra to the Tsarist government also arrived at the Far East front from Europe.

You get what you pay for. Although the price of the airship is a bit expensive, the transportation speed is really beyond what manpower can keep up with.

A journey of several hundred kilometers can be completed on the same day. Once put into use, the Russian army's logistical pressure was immediately greatly reduced.

The fortresses that were originally left alone and had to be abandoned can now be defended by troops.

Anyway, with wireless telegraphy, there is no need to worry about being cut off by the enemy. If you are really desperate, you can also use airships to transport troop reinforcements.

Untrained, risky?

Just kidding, no matter how high the risk is, it is still a gray animal taking risks, no matter what the nobles do.

As soon as the Russian army's logistical pressure was relieved, the Japanese army's hard days began. I have to admit that Mao Xiong's combat prowess is really not an exaggeration.

Although it is not up to the world's top level, it is still enough for the Japanese Army, which is half a bucket of water. In particular, the troops who were seriously influenced by Bushido ideology and advocated bravery suffered heavy losses.

Facts have once again proved that in the face of thermal weapons, the power of individuals is small. No matter how brave you are, your flesh and blood cannot withstand machine guns and cannons.

Not only did it interrupt the Japanese offensive, the Russian army temporarily got rid of its logistical difficulties, and even organized several counterattacks, all of which achieved considerable results.

The defeat on the battlefield in Tokyo and the Far East immediately aroused panic in the base camp, and the shadow of failure hung over everyone's hearts.

The enemy this time is the Russians. If it were not forced to do so, the Japanese government would not be willing to go to war with the Russians at this time.

But there is no way. The contradiction between Japan and Russia is not only a conflict of interests, but also personal grudges.

At this point, even if they want to stop, the Russians will not let them go.

Throwing away the battle report in his hand, Emperor Meiji angrily reprimanded: "Look carefully, what kind of battle is this? The enemy's Siberian Railway has not yet been opened to traffic, and the Russians are currently investing only one-tenth of the force. If we have to suffer even this, what can we do in the subsequent battles?"

It can be seen that Emperor Meiji is really panicked now. The last time he reprimanded the military on the spot was during the Philippine Campaign.

But the expression at that time was obviously not as exaggerated as it is now. This also illustrates the seriousness of the problem from the side.

Japan cannot afford to lose, and neither can Emperor Meiji. Defeat means doom. Even if he is the Emperor of Japan, his future destiny will definitely not be good.

Either death or exile. Once it falls into the hands of the Russians, it will be another canary in St. Petersburg.

There is no doubt that the cold climate of St. Petersburg is no place for canaries. When the Russian had finished struggling, it was his turn to receive the lunch box.

Even in the European world, monarchs have immunity, but that is only for European monarchs. We can't put our hope in the Russians to recognize him as the Emperor of Japan, right?
The older people get, the more they fear death. Emperor Meiji is no exception. He has not lived enough and does not want to die so early.

Exiled overseas seems good, but it is also not suitable for a monarch with few relatives like him.

An exiled monarch without a protective umbrella is like a child holding gold bricks in a busy city. He may be eaten and wiped clean one day and sold to the tsarist government.

Facing the furious Emperor, everyone lowered their heads in tacit agreement. There is no way that Meiji is not Taisho, and it cannot tolerate everyone's wantonness.

Perhaps he had enough here, so during the Taisho period, everyone suppressed him intentionally or unintentionally, driving Taisho crazy.

In particular, several members of the military buried their heads as low as possible, minimizing their presence as much as possible, like ostriches.

Driven by the gaze of his colleagues, Katsura Taro, as Prime Minister, had to stand up and resist the thunder.

"Your Majesty, calm down. The defeat on the front line is only temporary, and the overall situation on the battlefield is still in our favor. As long as we work together, we will be able to..."

Before Katsura Taro could finish his words, Emperor Meiji cast his murderous gaze over. He forced him to swallow the rest of his words.

"I don't want this nonsense. I want to boost morale and tell the officers and soldiers on the front line. What I want now is a response plan.

Don't tell me, you don't know what this means. Once the Russians get rid of the logistical pressure, the Imperial Army will really Can you win?"

It's not that Emperor Meiji boosted the morale of others and destroyed his own prestige. In fact, the gap in strength between Japan and Russia is too big. No matter in terms of quantity or quality, they cannot compare with Russia.

The only advantage was geography. The Russians had to cross the vast snowy Siberia to reach the Far East, but the Japanese army was right at their doorstep.

Yamagata Aritomo: "Your Majesty, the Russians' logistical problems have not really been solved. At present, they mainly rely on airships to increase their transportation speed.

However, airships have limited capacity and have high requirements on the weather. The transportation costs are surprisingly high. Basically It is impossible to meet the needs of more than 400,000 Russian troops on the front line.

Moreover, we are not without solutions. As early as during the European War, HRE used aircraft to deal with French airships, and the effect was very good. We can also follow suit now.

Really The trouble lies with the Far East Empire. If they had not sold strategic supplies to the Russians, the Russian army on the front line would have collapsed by now.

I suggest that the Imperial Navy dispatch once to warn the Far East Empire to calm down and order them to stop selling supplies to the Russians."

Although he is unwilling to admit it, what determines the outcome of the Russo-Japanese War now is really the Far Eastern Empire that is misty in the wind and rain.

Without waiting for the Navy Ministry's response, Foreign Minister Inoue Kaoru objected: "No! At this time, we are not suitable to stimulate the Far Eastern Empire.

If they are pushed into a hurry and directly lead to the Russians, the empire will be really in danger."

The military and the government look at problems differently. The threat of force is indeed the simplest and most effective way to solve the problem, but it also takes time.

At this time, it is too late for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to win over the Far Eastern Empire. How can it tolerate the military pushing the other side into the arms of the enemy?

Ito Hirobumi: "Inoue-kun is right. We really cannot irritate the Far Eastern Empire now. Now that they remain neutral, it is the best result for the empire.

Don't forget that they have a secret agreement with the Russians. If it weren't for the Russians, People are too greedy. Xin Chou Nian not only failed to help the Far East Empire, but took advantage of it. The current situation in the Far East is completely different.

If they are stimulated again and Shinra mediates, the two countries may form an alliance again.

Our strength is limited and it is impossible to face two big powers at the same time. Although the Far Eastern Empire is decayed, the new army it has trained still has some combat effectiveness.

One Russian will make us exhausted. If the two countries join forces, the empire has no chance of winning.

Right now, as long as If the Far Eastern Empire does not openly support the Russians, we must focus on wooing them.

The aftermath of the old feud of Sino-Japanese War has not yet dissipated, and there are new hatreds. In order to keep them neutral, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has done its best.

Now the Far Eastern Empire The government has not done anything at all. It is just some private smuggling. There is no need to make a fuss out of a molehill.

Whether it is sending troops to intercept or buying bandits and bandits to cause destruction, the problem can be solved. Why make a fuss about it?"

The overall view has always been What the Japanese military lacks most. Perhaps the influence of bushido thought is too deep, or perhaps militarism is too extreme. Everyone in the Japanese army likes to say the same thing - do it!

If the Meiji government hadn't been strong enough to suppress the military's arrogance and let the Japanese military do whatever it wanted, Japan would have been ruined long ago.

However, this kind of suppression became increasingly powerless with the outbreak of war. It can be said that after every victory in a foreign war, the military's power will expand.

After the death of these veterans in the original time and space, the Japanese military completely lost control. And not only has the government lost control over the military, but the top military officials have also lost control over the radical officers and soldiers below.

There are already signs of losing control, but everyone is busy with the war and did not realize this "small problem".

Aritomo Yamagata: "Ito-kun, things are not that simple. The Imperial Army has been working on combating smuggling for a long time.

Unlike the scattered smuggling before, the current smuggling activities have become large-scale.

Large and small caravans They gathered together and jointly formed a convoy, even equipped with machine guns and mortars. Their combat effectiveness exceeded that of the regular army of the Far East Empire. Not to mention ordinary bandits, even if the number of the imperial army was less than that of a brigade, We can't do anything about them.

What's more, there are local snakes behind these caravans. Every time we organize troops to encircle and suppress, the news will be leaked in advance."

Profit is always the best catalyst. With Louis' participation, although kickbacks were still given, the payment of goods was no longer hacked by Russian bureaucrats.

With interests protected, everyone's enthusiasm for participation has also increased. Compared with the white money, bandits and bandits are nothing at all.

Even if the Japanese army went into battle in person, it would be useless. If the number of troops sent is small, the caravan guards will push back; if the number of troops sent is too large, the news will be leaked.

It is simply impossible to fight on someone else's territory and mobilize the army without leaving any traces.

With arms dealers involved, there will be no shortage of radio stations. It can be said that the caravan's message transmission is smoother and more convenient than the Japanese army's order transmission.

If it weren't for the fact that he couldn't handle it, Shanxian Youpeng wouldn't have brought it up. After all, it was very embarrassing.

...

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1107: Diplomacy First The2021-01-03 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 Russo-Japanese War was just a small intervention, and its impact on the international situation was far less than the much-watched Anglo-Austrian conflict.

Since Britain withdrew from the free trade system, relations between the two countries have deteriorated sharply, and frictions and conflicts that were originally suppressed by both countries have also emerged recently.

The private media, in particular, seemed to be just watching the excitement, not only adding fuel to the flames, but exaggerating the conflict intentionally or unintentionally, and some even openly shouted "war".

The air is filled with tension, and anyone who is a little sensitive to the situation knows that the war is approaching.

It's not that no one tried to break up the fight. Many experts, scholars, and celebrities in society issued a call, hoping that the two governments could sit down and have a good talk.

But it's useless. The core interests of both parties conflict too much, and no one can make major concessions.

If they could reach an agreement, both parties would have compromised long ago. Who is willing to use real money and silver to fill the bottomless pit of war? Do you really think that everyone is warlike?
Franz had no objection to signing a peace agreement , even if it meant maintaining the status quo.

The problem is that the British dare not agree. The British Isles are only such a big place, and their development potential is inherently limited.

If there are no restrictions and the current situation continues, the gap in strength between the two sides will only become wider and wider.

The British government is unwilling to make concessions and it is even more unrealistic to expect Shinra to abandon its martial arts. The bottom line of the Vienna government is very clear. At most, it will maintain the status quo and not interfere with each other.

Since no compromise can be reached at the negotiation table, the only option is to follow the law of the jungle and decide the outcome on the battlefield.

The city gate caught fire, affecting the fish in the pond.

The two big gangsters, Britain and Shinra, are about to fight to the death. Naturally, the European world cannot hope for peace. Taking sides is an eternal topic.

Supporting one family will inevitably offend the other. If you want to remain neutral in the battle for hegemony, you must first have strength as support.

Unfortunately, there are only a handful of countries with this strength, and even fewer in Europe.

For small countries, "taking sides" is no less than a test of life and death. Once you make the wrong bet, the death of the country may not happen, but the death of the government is certain.

The most enjoyable time I took sides was probably during the anti-French war more than ten years ago.

When the Vienna government came out to recruit people, the overall situation was almost decided. As soon as we finished standing in line, the war was over.

This is not the case now. No one can really tell who wins and who loses in the Anglo-Austrian War.

Both companies have their own advantages, and either one may become the final winner, or it may even be that no one can do anything about the other, and both ends up losing.

A bunch of military experts are analyzing the speculation surrounding the outcome of the war. It is just as public opinion makes sense, and mother-in-law's opinion makes sense.

This will test everyone's judgment very much. Except for those small foreign countries that followed Shinra early and determined their camp in advance, the remaining countries had to choose a camp, or gamble on their national destiny.

Naturally, the first three countries to bear the brunt are the Nordic Federation, the Netherlands, and Portugal. Except for them, other countries supported HRE in the previous round.

Not to mention that everyone can eat meat, but as a victorious country in the anti-French war, everyone follows Shinra, and they always drink broth.

The Vienna government did far better than the British in this regard. If you casually look through the history books, you will know that the allies who followed Britain were half-dead or half disabled.

If you are not tricked by your allies, it will be considered a blessing from God. If you can save your capital, your character will explode.

Even if there is a division of spoils, there are pitfalls everywhere. It seems that if there is no conflict for a day, the British will feel uncomfortable.

With such a sharp contrast, for countries that have already followed Shinra and gained tangible benefits, the possibility of changing jobs is very slim.

As neutral countries, the Netherlands, the Nordic Federation, and Portugal are embarrassed.

In terms of interests, there is no core conflict of interest between the three countries and Britain and Austria, let alone hatred between the country and the family. It seems that they can follow anyone.

From a geographical point of view, the Three Kingdoms are a complete tragedy. They are all coastal countries, and they happen to be bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the north.

This is embarrassing. We are threatened by Shinra on land, and we are threatened by Britain on the sea. No matter where you stand, it feels like a pit.

There is no doubt that the Netherlands, Portugal, and the Nordic Federation were the ones affected by the fire at the city gate.

Relatively speaking, Portugal is a little happier. Due to their geographical location, they are far away from the European continent, and they are separated from the HRE by France and Spain.

Even if a war breaks out, they will not be reduced to a battlefield. As long as they don't act too active, they might be able to fool him.

The Nordic Federation is okay, and it is still a medium-sized country. They insisted on not taking sides, and even Shinra and Britain failed to defeat them.

It is too difficult to clear the site, and the benefits are not proportional to the effort. No one wanted to fight guerrillas in the Swedish ravines, at least not until the outcome was determined.

You may be suppressed in the future, but it won't be too severe. As long as you behave calmly enough, you can endure it for a few years.

The most tragic thing is undoubtedly the Netherlands, which happens to be located between Britain and the HRE, very close to both sides.

Support the British, and the troops of the Holy Roman Empire will be able to rush in on the same day; support the Holy Roman Empire, and the Royal Navy will teach them how to behave in minutes.

If the British government is brave enough and wants to launch a landing operation, then the Netherlands is also one of the first choices.

Of course, so does Belgium next door. It's just that Belgium took the team early. As the direct younger brother, the Vienna government must take care of it.

Apart from anything else, the fact that there are so many military airports in Belgium is worthy of the investment of the Vienna government.

After all, if you want to bomb the British Isles, it is perfect to take off from here. It can be regarded as a forward position.

Theoretically speaking, starting the counterattack from France is also a good choice, as it can take advantage of Fao's hatred.

It's a pity that this thing is not suitable for the British. Britain and France are also feuding, and the mass base is not necessarily much better.

What's more, the distance from France to Shinra is really too far. There is no way to play the role of surprise attack at all, and we can only honestly fight positional warfare.

The gap between the armies of the two sides is too huge. Anyone with an intelligent British government would not be so stupid as to think of a decisive battle with Shinra on land.

Even if Toutie launches a landing operation, the political propaganda significance is greater than the actual military significance. Just pretend to be fighting back and give an explanation to the country.

This actually happened in the two world wars in the original time and space. For political needs, the British launched many battles to kill people.

Although he didn't achieve any decent results, he successfully tricked his allies!

Franz fully understands the dilemma of the Netherlands, but politics is not about conscience, and there is still a lot of pressure to be exerted.

Under the general trend, no one can help him, let alone the Dutch. Even Franz cannot be aloof.

As the international situation continues to become tense, the semi-retired Emperor Franz has to make appearances from time to time to increase everyone's confidence.

There is no way, who made the protagonist this time be the navy?

Just as the British wanted to fool the Shinra Navy out, Franz also wanted to fool the British Navy in and secure victory through joint sea and air operations.

Unfortunately, everyone is not easy to fool. Even if the Vienna government invited them in the name of naval exchanges, the British only brought out a few outdated battleships to make up the number.

As for the broken ship, let alone a sneak attack based on the credibility of the government. Even if the war had broken out, Franz would not take a look.

We are all smart people and we are all on guard. If you want to win through opportunism, there is no maneuverability at all.

However, as a challenger, if you want to win the war, you must ultimately take the initiative to go out and fight the British.

Not to mention that others are desperate, even Franz himself lacks confidence in his own navy. Dare to launch a challenge, that is because he is ready to pile up the numbers from the beginning.

Learn from the Americans in World War II: winning first does not count as winning, only the one who laughs is the real winner.

At the Vienna Palace, Franz waved a big brush and asked: "What was the international reaction after we released the news?"

If you look carefully, you can see that it is an ink painting. This wouldn't be surprising if it happened in East Asia, but here in Europe it's very unusual.

This is all childish, perhaps because Franz has become more willful as he gets older.

In addition to remaining rational in politics, he has completely indulged himself in daily life. In a world with so few entertainment options, it's no surprise to pick up old hobbies.

As for whether his hobbies are too unusual and will attract attention, that is no longer within the scope of Franz's consideration.

The only regret is that Franz is not a painter, and the picture of a hundred birds facing the phoenix that he imitated under his artistic processing finally turned into a picture of a chicken pecking at rice.

It doesn't matter, these guys here can't tell the difference between a grass chicken and a phoenix anyway. As for whether it will distort everyone's aesthetics, that is beyond Franz's consideration.

In fact, Franz was forced to play with ink painting. Because his oil painting skills are also not up to par, he is too shy to show them to people. You can only play with things that no one understands, so you can use them to show off and fool people.

In the upper class, if you don't have any artistic talent, you will easily be looked down upon as a country bumpkin.

Professionals looked at it and found that it was completely overthinking. If you don't believe it, just take one and put it up for auction. As long as it is stamped with Franz's seal, it will definitely be worth more than the original painting of the saint.

Art works that have withstood the test of the market are real works of art. If you suspect there is something wrong with your work, it must be because you have insufficient artistic accomplishment.

After being surprised by the emperor's special hobbies, everyone got used to it. It's just calligraphy and painting that I can't understand, and it doesn't matter at all.

Foreign Minister Leo took a step forward and replied: "Your Majesty, the reaction of the international community is very fierce. No country wants us to break out of war with the British, including our allies.

Since the news was passed, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs' phone calls have been They were beaten up, and they all came to inquire about the situation.

Among them, the Dutch were the most active, communicating with more than ten countries including Belgium, Spain, and the Nordic Federation overnight to prepare for diplomatic mediation."

A piece of news that a war may break out, Even if the entire European world loses sleep, Franz has set a record.

But it's not surprising when you think about it. A war broke out between Shinra and Britain, and every country in Europe had to suffer losses. The only difference was the degree of damage.

Apart from anything else, our maritime trade has nothing to do with it. Once a war breaks out, both sides will inevitably block each other.

If Shinra wants to blockade Britain, it can only do it by pulling European countries together, otherwise it will be in vain.

The same goes for the British. If they only cut off the overseas trade of the Holy Roman Empire and did not block other European countries, is it still a blockade?
If overseas trade lines are cut off, what will happen to the two big gangsters may not happen, but many small countries will definitely suffer heavy losses.

It would be fine if it lasted for a short time, and everyone would grit their teeth and hold on and the matter would be over; if the war dragged on and the winner could not be determined, it would be a tragedy for everyone.

In particular, several countries that rely on maritime trade may collapse directly due to war.

In this context, it is normal for everyone to react violently. If there's no response, that's the problem.

After finishing the last point, he put down his pen, picked up a towel and wiped his hands. Franz said slowly: "Let's formally contact all countries! If they want to engage in diplomatic mediation, don't stop them. Without experiencing failure, countries can They will not give in easily.

Tell them that as long as the British are willing to maintain the status quo, they can sign a peace agreement with them.

When necessary, in order to show our peace-loving sincerity, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs can unilaterally make a decision not to initiate a war commitment to buy time for the construction of warships."

In the face of international interests, treaties are a piece of waste paper, and promises are a joke.

In recent decades, the Vienna government has not defaulted on its treaty, and that is simply because the bargaining chips for default were not large enough.

When it comes to world hegemony, it's completely different. As long as we can fool the British and lay the foundation for winning the war, it will be worth losing the government's credibility.

Well, Franz didn't get his hopes up either. The British are not stupid. Maintaining the status quo does not include stopping shipbuilding.

Just with the current batch of warships in service, the Royal Navy can barely withstand it without losing control.

But if they followed the old calendar and built more than a dozen dreadnoughts every year, the British government would have no choice but to go berserk.

There is no doubt that Franz can do this kind of thing. At this crossroads, there was no room for him to back down.

Domestic interest groups, large and small, now want to overthrow the British and get a share of the cake. How can they just retreat?

Foreign Minister Leo: "Okay, Your Majesty! I will implement it as soon as possible and ensure that the responsibility for provoking the war will be thrown to the British."

Although the Vienna government has formulated a detailed battle plan, there is still no specific date for launching the war. Accurate conclusion.

But one thing is certain, that is, the later the war breaks out, the better.

In this context, it became possible to shift the blame for the war to the British.

Just drag it on, time is on Shinra's side. The fact that the Vienna government can afford to delay does not mean that the British can also afford to delay.

According to the most popular theory, whoever cannot help but start a war is the instigator of the war.

As for the causes and consequences, just ignore them. Ordinary people don't have that many ideas.

If it were just an ordinary war, it wouldn't matter who started it first. This time is different. A war between Shinra and Britain will bring disaster to a large group of pond fish.

After encountering an unreasonable disaster, we must give everyone an outlet to vent their grievances.

Although there is no one who is not a world hegemon without being scolded, it is better to let the British take the blame than to provoke hatred yourself.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1108 Seeing Through2021-01-04 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 London "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, the Empire is preparing to launch a war against the Holy Roman Empire. Has it been approved by Parliament?" "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, the Empire is preparing to launch a war against the Holy Roman Empire. Has it been approved by Parliament?"

Excellency, Prime Minister, why are you provoking this war? What can we gain?"

"Your Excellency, Prime Minister, the Empire is ready. Are you done? How high are our chances of winning?"

...

Prime Minister Campbell, who was still in a daze when he woke up, was surrounded by reporters as soon as he went out.

An overwhelming number of questions rushed towards him like crazy. There are countless hidden traps. With his experienced experience, Campbell knows that these reporters are going to cause trouble again.

For this group of unscrupulous media, as long as big news can increase newspaper sales, it doesn't really matter whether Britain will fight with Shinra or not.

Having long been accustomed to the media's routines, after a brief pause, Prime Minister Campbell waved his hand and said: "The government will hold a special press conference to answer these questions. Now I can only tell you that the government is not preparing to ask the Holy Roman Empire We are not afraid of war, but we are not afraid of war.

Please don't believe the rumors circulating in the market. Great Britain is a peace-loving country, and we are willing to work with peace-loving countries around the world to maintain world peace."

After getting rid of the reporter, Campbell said His face suddenly darkened. The reporter came so quickly, it was obvious that someone was organizing and planning behind the scenes.

If he hadn't reacted quickly and fooled him in time, he might have been trapped in a tight siege by now.

Britain's system is so perfect that the government has no power to launch a war against a big country without the approval of Parliament.

Congressmen have never relaxed when it comes to safeguarding their own power. As long as there is some news, Campbell will never have a good life.

Campbell no longer had the energy to condemn the shameless behavior of his competitors. The biggest problem right now is that the window paper has been punctured and Britain is pushed to the edge of the cliff.

"Sneak attack" or "lure the enemy" is a no-brainer. Reporters all know that a war is about to break out between Britain and HRE, which means the whole world knows about it.

...

Full of rage, Campbell convened an emergency cabinet meeting.

"The news has leaked out, and public opinion is very unfavorable to us. Some time ago, our proposal to strengthen strategic material reserves is now considered evidence by the outside world. The The opposition party will not miss this opportunity. According to its inherent routine, reporters are usually the first, Then there is the question of members.

If there is no reasonable explanation, our days will be very difficult. In order to prevent the situation from deteriorating, we must come up with a plan today."

Infighting is an indispensable part of British politics. ring. The critical situation is only felt by them, not by the opposition parties.

Unlike the top leaders of the Shinra government who climbed up one step at a time, the top leaders of the British government climbed to the top in one step from elections.

Even if it was excessive, it would only be a few days of being a troll in Parliament. Only a few have experience in government.

Even if you have experience in serving, it is a gold-plated meaning, higher than the actual meaning. Most of the time they are just in name and do not perform specific duties.

Of course, this does not mean that the top leaders of government are idiots. Being able to win complex political struggles and stand out from elections all the way is impossible without extraordinary ability.

What everyone lacks is just their administrative experience. Generally speaking, after being elected, there will be a professional team to help popularize relevant knowledge, and there will also be an advisory group to assist in handling government affairs.

How effective it will be on whether there are many bizarre policies during his term in office. Generally speaking, the worse the prime minister's personal ability, the greater the appetite of interest groups and the more chaotic policies he will introduce.

If you have strong learning ability or have been exposed to relevant knowledge in advance, there is no problem in getting rid of these advisory groups filled with interest groups.

Anyone who wants to make a difference must get rid of dependence on advisory groups and jump out of the circles drawn by interest groups.

However, these are matters after being elected. When ordinary politicians are in opposition, they have no access to relevant knowledge at all, so naturally they don't need to think so much.

This is also the reason why political families are more likely to succeed. Everyone is not on the same level in terms of innate knowledge.

Now is no exception. In the eyes of most British people, the Royal Navy is still invincible across the world, and the British Empire is still at its peak.

The rise of the Holy Roman Empire was indeed a trouble, but only a trouble. With the Royal Navy at her side, Britain has no enemy to fear.

As for the deeper national power gap, industrial gap, and population gap... they are all outside the scope of everyone's knowledge.

It's not that there are no "insightful people" who come out to do science popularization, but now is Britain's most glorious era. Everyone is immersed in the glory of the empire on which the sun never sets, and they simply turn a blind eye to the crisis.

The ignorant are fearless. I don't know the gap in national power between the two sides, but I still think that Britain is the awesome and coaxing empire that the sun never sets, so there is no pressure to hold back.

Foreign Secretary Adam: "The news about our preparations for war should not have leaked out, otherwise the opposition party would have launched an attack, and the outside would not be so peaceful at all. Judging from the current situation, someone is probably inferring that we are based on the current international situation. We want to start a war with Shinra.

Or the Vienna government is aware of our intentions and deliberately releases the news in an attempt to disrupt our strategic layout.

The opposition party is just taking advantage of this opportunity and using the power of the media to add fuel to the flames. If they really get hold of us planning a war Based on the evidence, they had already gone to parliament to impeach him.

In a sense, this current situation is also a good thing for us.

By directly exposing the conflict between the Empire and HRE, we can also take the opportunity to promote the HRE threat theory and prepare for the next war.

So far, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has received letters of inquiry from many European countries, as well as a peace initiative led by the Dutch government.

On the surface, this is because European countries do not want this war to break out. The deeper reason is not the fear of the Holy Roman Empire.
You must know that during the European War, the Vienna government responded to every call and formed an anti-French alliance without spending much money. "

Although Adam's analysis was clear and logical, he was actually panicking inside. No matter who released the news, the enemy would be on guard. He was originally worried about how to trick the main force of the Shinra Navy into coming out, but now that the enemy is on guard, then It is even more difficult to achieve.

Unable to severely damage the Shinra Navy at the beginning of the war, their quick-war plan was declared bankrupt.

Once the war continues, Britain's good days will be over. If nothing else, the European market is It's completely gone.

Just look at the reactions of European countries. Everyone opposes the war between the two countries. In addition to worrying about being on the wrong team, more importantly, they are worried about the continuation of the war.

In the eyes of the outside world, the Holy Roman Empire has the advantage of land power, and Britain Then they have the advantage of sea power. If there is a war, no one can do anything about the other for a while. The Dutch reaction is the most violent. In addition to the geographical disadvantage, the most important thing is that they rely heavily on maritime trade.

Once the war between Britain and the Shinra Falling into a state of anxiety, mutual blockade is inevitable, and the interruption of maritime trade is inevitable.

If it is a short-term friendly match of three to five months, it does not matter, and everyone will be patient and it will pass.

If the war lasts for three to five years, there is no need I doubt that countries like the Netherlands and Portugal, which rely heavily on overseas trade, will find it difficult not to collapse.

In this context, everyone has only one way to go, and that is to help one side win the war and end the trade blockade as soon as possible.

Or all European countries will follow suit Britain mixes up and jointly disbands Shinra; or everyone follows Shinra's footsteps and work together to blow up warships and overthrow the Royal Navy.

There is no doubt that no matter who you mix with, everyone will suffer heavy losses. Especially the Netherlands, which is very likely to fall For the hard work on the battlefield, you will lose money even if you are in the right person.

Don't expect to make up for the losses with loot, that is a piece of cake. The previous anti-French war is an example. In name, everyone received huge compensation, but the reality is The French government has no money to pay.

No money means no money. No matter you have all the abilities and means, the French government still can't pay.

A poor country like Belgium, if it hadn't ceded a piece of land from France after the war, That is simply losing all your money.

The size of a small country is limited, and its strength cannot support its ambitions. It is estimated that the only people who want to benefit from the Anglo-Austrian War are the United States, thousands of miles away, besides the tsarist government.

Other countries have It's the same regardless of ambition. My family has a bad stomach and can't eat greasy food. When the meat is brought to the mouth, I can only smell it.

As Britain's Foreign Secretary, Adam's personal ability is still very strong. It's a pity that the reality is before us. , no matter how deceptive he is, he is not sure to win everyone to his side.

Of course, they can also imitate the flexible diplomatic strategy of the original time and space, allowing countries to remain neutral and engage in overseas trade.

But this requires the cooperation of opponents. If Vienna The government doesn't buy it and insists on recruiting people to join, but everyone still has to choose a camp.

Can European countries withstand the diplomatic pressure of the Holy Roman Empire?

No one can answer this question. Theoretically, as long as European countries unite and remain neutral, Vienna The government can only hold its nose and admit it.

But the chance is too low, and not all countries have the courage. People's hearts are divided. As long as a few countries take the lead and stand in line, the rest can only follow.

The situation has become very dangerous for Britain. Once the operation goes wrong, it will not only be the Holy Roman Empire but the entire European world standing opposite Britain.

Chancellor of the Exchequer Asquith: "Sir, all European countries are just facilitators, and their positions have never been firm.

Because of geopolitics, our influence on the European continent cannot be compared with that of the Holy Roman Empire.

Relying purely on political means, we may not necessarily be at a disadvantage; but once the Vienna government adopts military means and directly threatens force, it will be difficult for us to compete with them.

Unless we can win over Russia and Spain, only if they take the lead together, Europe Only countries can withstand the pressure of the Vienna government.

Considering our relations with Russia and Spain, I don't think we can pull them over now. If we can make them remain neutral in the war, that will be God's blessing.” No. Asquith is pessimistic because the previous governments have been too screwed up. If you only care about yourself, you will leave too big a mess for them.

There is no way, Britain's world hegemony came to power by stepping on Spain. In the Philippine Campaign ten years ago, Spain was again seriously harmed by Britain's younger brother.

New and old hatreds are added together, and there is also a dispute over the sovereignty of the Strait of Gibraltar. The Spanish government will only follow them unless the collective brain is in trouble.

Not to mention the relationship between Britain and Russia, the Indian issue is a knot that cannot be solved by both sides. The current Russo-Japanese War is also a new hatred added to the old hatred.

Even though the tsarist government was extremely afraid of the Shinra, it was still impossible for them to sell iron to help the British.

There is no one to take the lead, and the European countries, which are accustomed to being on the sidelines, will naturally not be able to jump out and confront Shinra.

Of course, there is another Nordic Federation that can be fooled, and this one also has the strength to remain neutral.

It's a pity that this man's political appeal is limited and he cannot be the leader, let alone dare to be such a big brother.

The European world cannot count on it. No one wants to be a thug at this time. It is naturally difficult to win the war with Shinra.

...

The war will ultimately be fought by the military. Campbell can only pretend not to hear the complaints from civilian officials.

Now the arrow is on the string and must be fired. If the war is difficult and difficult to fight, can it be stopped?
If the war really stops now, the Vienna government will probably go crazy with joy. Don't do anything. If you delay for ten or eight years, hegemony will come to your door.

"What's the plan of the Admiralty?"

Strategy is not enough, tactics come together. Since the overall national strength cannot compete, we can only let the Royal Navy explode and continue to create miracles for Britain.

I saw Lord Admiral Swinding picking up a baton, walking to the hanging world map and saying: "Although the main naval force of the Holy Roman Empire is huddled in the Mediterranean, there are still several squadrons overseas.

Although the main ships in these fleets It is very small, but the tonnage of the fleet is not low, accounting for almost 40% of the total tonnage of the Shinra Navy.

Without being able to induce the main force of the enemy to fight decisively, the Navy Ministry plans to solve these overseas troubles first.

Others Several fleets are not worth mentioning, mainly the Austrian Nanyang Fleet and the Central American Fleet. Not only do they have dreadnoughts as flagships, but most of the other ancillary warships are new warships.

These warships all have one thing in common - they run fast.

Obviously, The enemy has been prepared for this. He intends to use these high-speed warships to attack our merchant ships after the war breaks out.

We plan to attack the two enemy squadrons immediately after the war breaks out to eliminate the threat on the trade line in advance.

In this regard The Japanese have done a good job and have successfully launched sneak attacks on Spain, the Far East Empire, and Russia. We can definitely follow suit." There is no such thing as moral integrity. As long as the war can be won, Swinding doesn't mind breaking the rules once.

Anyway, history books are written by the victors. As long as the Holy Roman Empire is defeated, all bad behavior can be washed away.

It is better to kill the enemy's squadron first than to wait for the enemy to attack the merchant ships after the war breaks out.

The Royal Navy, which started out as a pirate, is all too familiar with these businesses. So much so that at a glance, Swinding understood what the Vienna government was planning.

If left unchecked, Britain's maritime trade lines would suffer heavy losses as soon as the war broke out.

(End of chapter)

