Chapter 1114: Acted2021-01-09 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 The Netherlands was forced to take sides, and the Nordic Federation was not much better. Although the family's financial strength is stronger, it depends on who you compare with.

The Vienna governments of all European countries have been pulled into the chariot. Even if the Nordic Federation alone can remain neutral, they must consider liquidation afterwards!
If you can't do it, just go into the mountains and fight guerrillas, and that's just lip service. Whoever has eaten enough to hold on and let go of a good life has to go into the ravine.

What's more, even if you want to drill into a ravine, you have to have a mountain first. Norway and Sweden do have the potential to use terrain to resist and fight a war of attrition, but Denmark cannot!
The vast Jutland peninsula simply does not have the conditions to hold on for a long time. Specifically, you may refer to World War II, where the battle ended in just four hours.

Although it is a bit exaggerated, the fact is the fact, even if other factors are mixed in, it cannot be changed.

The current situation is not as good as it was in the past. At least the Soviet Union was still supporting the European battlefield at that time. Although the anti-German alliance was at a disadvantage, its overall national strength was still more advantageous.

It's completely different now. At this moment, the European continent is full of members of the Anti-British Alliance. It's intimidating to look at, let alone fight against.

Faced with the ultimatum from the Vienna government, the central government of the Nordic federation had not yet made a final decision, and the Danes made the choice for them.

There is no way, it is all forced by reality. For the Nordic Federation, the threat that the Holy Roman Empire could bring to them was obviously much greater than that of the British.

As a small power on the European continent, the Nordic Federation is not weak in terms of territory or military strength.

There is only one reason that limits them from becoming a great power - insufficient population.

With less than 10 million people living in a land of nearly 900,000 square kilometers, it naturally cannot support a major power.

This is one of the reasons why the Nordic Federation wants to take back Finland. Although the Grand Duchy of Finland under the Russian governance does not have a very good economy, it is of great significance to the Nordic Federation to be able to increase its population by several million.

But if the Nordic Federation has a population of 20 to 30 million, it will not be so passive. The Vienna government can force a small country to take sides, but when it comes to dealing with great powers, it still focuses on co-opting them.

Unfortunately, the reality is different. The harsh climate has limited the growth of the local population.

After all, not all nations are as resilient as the Russians and maintain a high fertility rate in a cold country of ice and snow.

Nordic people behave quite Buddhistally when it comes to fertility issues. Its own population base is small, and its birth rate has not kept pace with the world average for many years. However, the population outflow is still serious.

The population limits the strength of the Nordic Federation. Naturally, it has no confidence when facing the behemoth of the Holy Roman Empire.

...

London and South Africa are under clouds of war. Before the British government can react, they are greeted with the bad news that all countries are ending.

The situation is changing so fast that it is overwhelming. You must know that only a week ago, the most popular in the European world were the "anti-war movement" and the "neutrality movement."

Except for Russia and Austria, all continental European countries are members of the "anti-war movement", and anti-war voices are rising into the sky.

In order to avoid being involved in the war, various countries even agreed to hold an international conference in Madrid after Christmas to form a "neutral front."

Countries are making such a fuss, and naturally the British government is indispensable for adding fuel to the flames. The law does not punish the public, which applies not only to individuals, but also to international politics.

All European countries are involved, and no matter how powerful the Holy Roman Empire is, it is impossible for them to pursue this issue.

For Britain, it can't pull it back by itself, so keeping countries neutral is also a good choice.

In order to strengthen the determination of neutrality of various countries, the British government is even considering whether to abandon the plan to completely blockade the European continent, just targeting the Holy Roman Empire.

Facts have proven that they were simply overthinking. The grass on the wall will always be the grass on the wall. It is impossible for them not to bend down in the strong wind.

Although the neutrality movement was first initiated by the Dutch, it was not the Dutch government that made the loudest noise. Instead, it was countries such as Belgium and Sardinia that were the most fierce.

Trying to assume the role, Campbell believes that the main reason is that these countries have experienced the pain of war, and anti-war is the right thing to do.

The reality is very comic, the louder the shouting in front is, the faster the players will end up taking sides.

As soon as the news of the military conflict in South Africa came, all countries could not wait to express their loyalty to the Vienna government, leaving no time for the British government to react.

Before they could figure out what was going on, a giant "Anti-British Alliance" gathering all the countries on the European continent appeared in front of everyone.

Although some of the countries were coerced into it and did not want to participate in this turmoil, they still participated in it in the end.

"Fighting the European continent alone" was a joke used by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to scare members of parliament in order to get parliament to allocate funds to implement the continental balancing policy. Unexpectedly, it actually came true.

Foreign Minister Adam said with a look of grief and indignation: "We have been fooled by European countries. They have colluded with the Holy Roman Empire for a long time. The anti-war movement that broke out earlier is just a cover for their collusion, and the purpose is to lower our Be vigilant.

I propose to take immediate action and carry out comprehensive revenge to let them know that the great Britain is not easy to bully..."

It is impossible not to be angry. Adam's political career was originally over, but now he has caught up with this.

"The worst Foreign Secretary in the history of the British Empire" is really stable this time. There are no ancient people in front, now we have to see if there are any in the back.

It is estimated that the possibility of being surpassed by latecomers is not high. After all, Britain's hegemony only lasts once. Once it falls and wants to get it back, the British Isles' basic base is far from enough.

If nothing unexpected happens, Adam Wingard's name will accompany the history of Britain and be immortalized as a negative teaching material.

Of course, Adam is not the only unlucky person. With such a big thing happening, not one of the cabinet members present could think of running away.

As the saying goes, "Pre-analysis is a mess, hindsight is brilliant." The international situation has changed dramatically, and what was originally a correct approach has now become a sin.

Campbell interrupted: "Sir, it is meaningless to say this now. Prepare to accept the questions from the MPs!

Those gentlemen will not consider the actual situation. They only saw more than a dozen countries conspiring against each other to fight against Britain. Such a big We still don't know anything about it.

But don't worry, before the end of the term, I believe no one will compete with us for jobs. It's too late for them to avoid this mess now, so how can they take the initiative to get involved?"

Hindsight , anyone can do it. As Prime Minister Campbell said, more than a dozen countries conspired against Britain. Why did the government know nothing about such a big thing?
There will even be people who go deep into the core analysis and interpret this incident from a deep political logic.

For example: the Holy Roman Empire was a benefactor to Belgium for its restoration, the Italian states were liberated by the Holy Roman Empire, and the Holy Roman Empire supported Spain's recovery...

Favors owed must always be repaid, especially to a big country. The favor must be returned.

Now that it's time to repay the debt, there's nothing wrong with countries supporting HRE.

Ordinary people can think of problems, but if the government knows nothing about it in advance, it must be derelict in its duties.

If at another time, something like this had happened, it would have been enough for the Campbell cabinet to get out.

Keeping them in office is not because everyone is merciful, but mainly because no one is willing to take over this mess.

Chancellor of the Exchequer Asquith: "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, I think the core issue now is not what has happened. We must look forward. The emergence of the anti-British alliance has already indicated that the countdown to the war has entered. The top priority is that we still have to find a way to win this war.

For example: first stabilize the emotions of our allies and make them believe that the final victory must belong to us. Or we can strike first and catch the enemy by surprise..."

No way, diplomacy The minister was obviously hit. He was not in the right state at the moment. Someone had to remind him what to do next.

Prime Minister Campbell: "I have already reported the outline of the combat plan to the king. Because there are flaws in the plan, His Majesty is not very satisfied.

Especially the lack of a plan to attack the core of the Holy Roman Empire. It is just some targets against the enemy..."

(End of Chapter)

Chapter 1115 Crazy excitement2021-01-09 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 The deteriorating situation has pushed Britain to the edge of the cliff. Just like an antelope flying across the vast sea and sky, it will be broken into pieces if it cannot cross.

Although the anti-war public opinion storm in Europe has not yet subsided, this does not affect the sides of governments.

When choosing between the Holy Roman Empire and Britain, there is nothing wrong with supporting the HRE. Even if there is a referendum, the final outcome will not change.

Anyway, it's just support now, not immediately sending troops to join the war. The war has not broken out yet, and governments still have time to guide public opinion.

To do this is very simple, just look through the history books, there are reasons to beat the British.

What's more, even if a war breaks out, all countries will follow suit, and there is no need for everyone to get angry.

Times are developing and technology is advancing. To deal with Britain, even if the Vienna government is looking for cannon fodder, ordinary countries are not qualified to participate.

Except for the Russians who can participate in the land war, even if other countries want to participate, the Vienna government will think they are in the way.

Not to mention naval battles. If the Shinra Navy cannot win, it will still be impossible to win with the fleets of various countries.

The advent of the dreadnought era has completely opened up the ranks among the naval powers. The participation of thousands of tons of ironclad ships has no practical significance except to increase the enemy's record.

Even if we have to fight for quantity, we will need at least more than 10,000 tons of battleships, so it only makes sense to participate.

In particular, the navies of various countries are still distributed in different regions. Except for the countries along the Mediterranean, the fleets of other countries cannot assemble at all for a while.

What's more, the British are not fools and cannot give the anti-British alliance time to gather troops. Thinking back to those days, the Royal Navy relied on ants to kill elephants to defeat the Armada. It is impossible not to learn from experience and lessons.

Of course, even if the navies of various countries do not gather, they are still a threat to the British.

Fortunately, the anti-British alliance is not monolithic. Otherwise, no matter how powerful the Royal Navy is, it will be exhausted now.

What countries can really participate in is probably to send a few planes symbolically to participate in the war against Britain.

Otherwise, because of bad luck, the mainland and colonies become battlefields and are forced to fight; or in the later stages of the war, a landing operation on the British Isles can be carried out, and they can join in and beat up the drowned dogs.

In fact, the greatest significance of countries participating in the anti-British alliance was not military, but rather their greater political and economic contributions.

After the alliance was established, Britain had to face the entire European continent. The gap in economic and industrial strength between the two sides has been widened four to five times.

If nothing else, it is obvious just by looking at the manufacturing of warships. As long as the Vienna government provides certain technical support, shipyards in Spain, the Netherlands, Portugal and other countries can also build super battleships.

No matter how old a naval empire declines, a rotten ship still needs three pounds of nails. At least the domestic shipbuilding industry system has been preserved, and there is also some talent reserve.

These are all resources, but it is a bit troublesome to integrate and utilize them. But these are all minor issues. As long as the interests are negotiated, there is nothing that cannot be solved.

In fact, the Vienna government has already begun to do so. It no longer matters what technology is proliferating or not.

As long as the Royal Navy is defeated, it doesn't matter even if the shipbuilding technology is poor. Anyway, the Navy not only strives for technology, but also for financial resources.

For example, the Russian Empire, a good ally of the Vienna government, is a typical representative.

They had done so more than once or twice when it came to introducing technology from Shinra. In the end, they were either tricked by domestic bureaucrats or dragged down by poor government finances.

Other countries are not much better. Even if they are wealthy, due to their size, the funds that can be invested in armaments are very limited.

What's more, do you really think that developing the navy is all about having money and technology? If it were so simple, the Middle East in later generations would not be a gathering of naval powers.

Maybe the Navy can really do this in the first half, but various tests will come in the second half. Without a supporting industrial system, even an established naval power can only shed tears.

The sudden change in the international situation has confused the British people, and the people are even less able to react.

Ordinary people cannot keep up with the pace, and experts and scholars are also confused and have no idea what is happening.

His arms couldn't hold his thighs, so everyone could understand his side of the game. But standing in line so quickly and neatly was a bit overwhelming.

"Premeditated collusion"?
This statement is just enough to fool ordinary people. Anyone who knows a little bit about politics knows that it is almost impossible to coordinate more than a dozen countries at the same time without leaking the news.

For no other reason than there are pro-HRE factions in the governments of various countries, as well as pro-British factions.

Even if it is a dictatorship, when it comes to such a big issue as taking sides, it still needs to be discussed.

Even if it is a small-scale discussion, with more than a dozen people from each country participating, there are hundreds of insiders.

No matter what the secret is, as long as more people know it, it's not a secret.

Wherever there are people, there are rivers and lakes, and we cannot expect everyone with knowledge to keep their mouths shut, especially when interests are involved.

With so many insiders, there are always spokespersons for several interest groups. Knowing the news in advance is a big business opportunity.

Whether it is hoarding in advance, speculating on crop prices, or buying or selling assets affected by the war, the futures market and the stock market will show signs in advance.

Whenever there is a big movement anywhere, it is a flaw, which will naturally arouse the vigilance of the British.

How to operate it in order to complete a series connection between European countries without leaving any omissions has become a common concern of the whole world.

...

There is naturally no answer to the suspicions from the outside world. Because there is no answer at all, and there is no such thing as hooking up in advance.

Although the Dutch were the first to call out the "neutrality movement", it was the Vienna government that pushed this movement to its climax.

Without the signal from the Vienna government, why would Belgium, Sardinia, Lucca... these small countries dare to participate?

Not to mention the outside world, even many of the parties involved were confused after receiving the signal.

Although I don't know what kind of medicine is sold in the boss's gourd, I still have to complete what I was ordered to do.

The reasons are all ready-made. Whether it is for national interests or personal political interests, everyone has sufficient reasons to oppose the war.

The pro-Austrian faction turned into an anti-war faction, which naturally attracted the attention of the British. Some people even leaked the news to the British.

The British government's attention was indeed attracted, but they really couldn't understand it. This is not the first time that similar operations by the Vienna government have occurred.

For decades-old cases, there is still no motive analyzed. Some people even suspect that there is no so-called motive at all. It is entirely because the Vienna government suddenly got into trouble.

This explanation is the most reasonable, because governments of all countries have times when their brains are in trouble. The British government itself is one of the best. Every few terms, a weird government will appear and perform some mysterious operations that are incomprehensible.

The Vienna government fueled the neutrality movement, which in the eyes of British bureaucrats was seen as domestic opposition stirring up trouble in an attempt to stop the war.

This is my personal experience. Every time Britain wants to launch a war, there are a bunch of anti-war factions who make trouble. The only difference is the amount of noise they create.

The British may not pay attention to it, but the European governments as parties cannot ignore it. Only after personally participating in the "Neutrality Movement" did everyone realize how unreliable this thing is.

No matter how loudly everyone shouts slogans, once it involves specific things, it will immediately lead to bad things.

They agreed to form a "neutral alliance" and jointly bear the pressure from the two hegemons, but at the last moment no country was willing to take the lead.

The Russian Empire, which everyone originally had high hopes for, ended up with the Tsarist government saying: "We have the Russo-Austrian Alliance. Most of the clauses in the Neutrality Alliance conflict with the contents of the Russo-Austrian Alliance, and we cannot participate in the conclusion of the treaty."

If this still doesn't make it possible. If everyone is sober, the next performance of various countries will be really disappointing.

After the Russian Empire, Spain is the one who is qualified to organize everyone to conclude a "neutral alliance".

It is a pity that the Spanish government is also cunning and moved out of the ancient "Osi Port Agreement".

The specific content has not been disclosed to the public. Let everyone refer to the performance of the Vienna government during the Philippine War. Anyway, it can launch a neutrality movement and even help provide a meeting venue, but it cannot lead the conclusion of an alliance.

The important big countries cannot organize treaties because they have treaties of their own, so they have to do it as small countries.

With the idea of ​​giving it a try, we launched the Netherlands. Although their own strength is not good, as the initiators of the neutrality movement, it makes sense for them to organize it.

Unfortunately, the Dutch government is not stupid either. The two big countries, Spain and Russia, are unwilling to take the lead. What qualifications do they, a small country, have to take the lead?
I really thought it would be easy for me to take the lead, but this thing is meant to incite hatred, and I will definitely suffer revenge from the Holy Roman Empire afterwards.

Just like when the eighteen princes challenged Dong, Yuan Shao became the leader of the alliance, and the Yuan family, who was so awesome and coaxing, was taken out and sacrificed first.

Once you realize that neutrality is unreliable, you have no choice but to take sides. You have to take sides anyway, so why not sell yourself for a good price?

There is no point in talking about conditions now. No matter how much you promise, it is just a blank check. Whether and how much it can be honored in the end depends on the Vienna government.

Based on the experience of the anti-French war, everyone knows the Vienna government's rules for dividing spoils. To sum it up: those who contribute more will get more, and those who stand first will get more.

Of course, when taking sides, everyone still has to consider the reaction of the British. The royal family is still very good, and no one can guarantee that they will be able to unseat Britain this time.

In this context, the first to take sides will definitely be the most hated, and will definitely suffer the most violent revenge in the future.

Even with the help of the Holy Roman Empire, not every country has the ability to withstand the backlash.

Fortunately, the thick-skinned and tough Russians were not afraid of British retaliation, and the tsarist government was the first to jump in and help everyone solve this trouble.

The first is that all countries dare not rob, and the second is that everyone robs together. Countries took sides both by chance and necessity, and inadvertently created an unsolved mystery in the world.

It is impossible to explain. If you are misunderstood, you will be misunderstood. It is also a good choice to let the British fall in depression.

Maybe in a few decades, this will become strong evidence to prove that he, Emperor Franz, is the "chosen son", "destined", "chosen by God"...

In fact, similar statements have been made before. Especially religious people have long recognized Franz as "a man favored by God."

The reason is very simple. The Holy Land was recovered from the pagans and was favored by God.

The revival of the Holy Roman Empire was also interpreted by them as the result of God's favor. Including the decline of France, religious figures also gave a strong explanation: colluding with pagans was punished by God.

If this theory comes true, it will be Britain's turn to be unlucky next. But thinking about it conversely, once Britain declined, this theory was confirmed again.

If the British can withstand this impact, they may say that this is a test from God. As long as you can strengthen your faith, you will definitely win next time.

There is nothing wrong with it. No matter how rich the foundation of the British Empire is, it cannot change the nature of being left behind.

Being able to survive one challenge is already very impressive; Britain will definitely not be able to bear it a second time.

I have to admit that the magic stick is still quite good. No matter how the situation develops, they all have a reasonable explanation.

...

Putting down the newspaper in his hand and looking at the falling snowflakes outside the window, Franz turned his back to his son and asked, "Have the British not declared war yet?"

Although the later the war breaks out, the more beneficial it will be to the Holy Roman Empire. However, the anti-British alliance is almost completed, and the British villain is still reluctant to appear, which is embarrassing.

If it were not for the purpose of shifting the blame for the war to the British, Franz would have wanted to declare war on the British first, so as not to panic later.

"Not yet."

It can be seen from Frederick's helpless expression that this is not the first time Franz has asked. Perhaps because of his age, Franz's temperament has become increasingly unpredictable.

After a pause, Frederick continued to explain: "According to the intelligence we received, the British Parliament is still noisy.

In the meeting yesterday morning, a dispute between two members even escalated into a big fight. A total of three MPs were hospitalized due to serious injuries.

It is said that King Edward VII, who was shocked by the scene, was furious in the Parliament and warned that if there was another fight, he would be stripped of his status as a MP.

It is estimated that he was affected by the reactions of European countries. I'm scared, the momentum of the British war faction has dropped a lot recently."

Unlike later generations of parliamentarians who dared to snatch the queen's scepter, the British king still had real power these days. Removing members is something that future kings would never dare to think of, but it is possible these days.

Of course, it's only possible. If he really wants to do this, he will probably be targeted by the parliament.

The main reason is that Britain has too few legal provisions to restrict the behavior of parliamentarians. According to normal rules and regulations, it is difficult to restrain them.

There is no way, the law must be approved by others before it can be passed. Naturally, it is impossible for laws to regulate and restrict one's own behavior to be passed.

In comparison, the Holy Roman Empire was much better. Franz took action early, and there were a number of decrees restricting the behavior of parliamentarians.

Even in the revision and repeal of relevant laws and regulations, legislators must avoid suspicion and have no right to participate at all.

If it happened in Shinra, these congressmen involved in the fight would not only lose their status as congressmen, but they would also have to go to prison to reflect.

Deliberately provoking trouble, gathering crowds to fight, and disrupting parliamentary order are not within the scope of legal immunity.

However, these minor issues are not the focus of Franz's attention now. What attracts his attention is the decline in the momentum of the British war faction.

The British Empire in the Victorian era was not a soft-footed shrimp. Confrontations with continental Europe are not unheard of. They stopped because they were "scared", which is obviously unconvincing.

Although the regular troops of the Holy Roman Empire did not move, fighting did begin on the African battlefield.

"Civil armed conflict" is something that only the Vienna government dares to say.

Whether it is weapons and equipment, the military quality of the participants, or the scale of the conflict, they are not what a "civilian armed conflict" should be.

What's more, this is just the beginning. As time goes by, the number of people involved in the conflict continues to increase.

After pondering for a moment, Franz turned around and said coldly: "Since the British are not moving, let's stimulate them again.

Invite European governments to hold an anti-British meeting in Vienna next month to discuss ..."

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1116: Attack on the Canal2021-01-09 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 At the end of the European War, the British government took advantage of the opportunity when the Holy Roman Empire had no time to look eastward and seized the French Indochina Peninsula.

Cam Ranh Bay, the headquarters of the French Far East Fleet, also changed its owner and became the headquarters of the British Royal Navy.

With this first military port in Asia, the Royal Navy naturally looks down upon Singapore, another important military town.

Of course, this is just lip service. The real reason was that the British government was too slow to respond. Sumatra was occupied by the Netherlands, and the Malay Peninsula fell into the hands of the German Confederation, which was dominated by Hanover.

At that time, Britain was having trouble with France and Austria, and Hanover and the Netherlands were both their die-hard brothers. The British government acquiesced to this fact.

No one expected that the international situation would change so quickly. Along with a European war, France fell into the world, and the Holy Roman Empire was reborn from the ashes and unified again.

There is no doubt that the Malay Peninsula, as a colony of the German Confederation, naturally joined the family of the Holy Roman Empire.

The European hegemon was born. Affected by geopolitics, the Dutch government, which was aware of current affairs, naturally turned to the Holy Roman Empire.

In an instant, Singapore, as Britain's important military port in the Far East, became unpopular.

Although the Malacca Strait is still in the hands of the Royal Navy, both sides have become the enemy's sphere of influence.

There is no younger brother to guard the country, and it is just a corner of Singapore. It is obvious that it cannot support Britain's hegemony in the Southeast Asia region, and its control of the Malacca Strait suddenly becomes precarious.

By this time, it was too late for the British to regret it. The meat that fell into the belly of the Holy Roman Empire would naturally not be spit out again.

The pursuit of Dutch-dominated Sumatra was equally undesirable. With Shinra on their side, it would be impossible for them to let go.

"It's a misfortune and a blessing." Although Britain's rule over the Strait of Malacca was challenged, they also took over the French Indochina Peninsula.

Not only did it eliminate the threat to the southeast of India, it also expanded its colonial empire and increased its voice in the Southeast Asia region.

Whether it is a loss or a profit is difficult to say. But for the colonial government, it was definitely profitable.

The rule of Malacca has been challenged, but after all, it is still in their hands. With more wealthy Indochina to exploit, everyone's life will definitely be more comfortable.

Anyone who sees it has a share. If the colonial bureaucrats can make money, it is natural that a share of the Far East Fleet is indispensable.

As the commander of the fleet, Admiral Michel's life was a nourishing one. I lamented more than once that choosing to come to the Far East was the most correct choice in my life.

Unfortunately, good days are always short-lived. As the situation in Europe became tense, the situation in Southeast Asia also became turbulent.

Originally this was nothing, the Far East Fleet was stronger than the Nanyang Fleet. If a war really breaks out, Michelle is confident enough to win.

However, as the situation in Europe changed, Spain, Portugal, and the Netherlands successively turned to the Holy Roman Empire, and the situation changed.

The advantage originally held by the Far East Fleet was now suddenly reversed. One versus four, even if the Royal Navy could fight, it would still be difficult to defeat the four with one punch.

The only thing that pleased Michel was that Britain still had allies. If coupled with the power of the Japanese navy, he was still sure of victory.

It was only a telegram from London that broke Admiral Michel's illusions. The London government asked him to wait for an opportunity to attack the Nanyang Fleet and annihilate its main force.

From the overall perspective, there is nothing wrong with this order. Although undeclared war is against the spirit of chivalry, Michelle is not a knight and has no moral integrity.

The situation is so tense now that the Nanyang Fleet cannot be completely defenseless. It is very difficult to conduct a sneak attack, let alone annihilate it.

Deep down in his heart, Admiral Michel complained more than once, saying that if he wanted to launch a surprise attack, he would have announced it early, and he would have to wait until the situation got out of control before giving the order. He must be considered a fool!

Fortunately, Michel did not know that the London government's initial plan was to attack the Far East Fleet and the Pacific Fleet together to destroy Shinra's Nanyang Fleet and Central American Fleet at the same time.

Otherwise, it would not be a complaint, but a failure to implement it at all. Sneak attacks also need to consider the right time and place. They cannot be carried out at any time or in any place.

If you are unlucky and arrive at the agreed time for action, the weather will be unfavorable and a heavy fog will occur, or there will be strong winds and waves, or the enemy will not be on the preset battlefield, it can lead to the failure of the mission.

Fortunately, the Navy Department was not all civilian officials. There were also professionals who stopped this farce in time.

In the end, the Far East Fleet and Pacific Fleet received orders to wait for an opportunity to launch a sneak attack and annihilate the enemy's main force.

Although the difficulty is still great, it is finally possible to complete it. As long as one side succeeds or fails, a full-scale war will break out, and the other side will have to fight hard.

Rather than fighting the enemy directly, Admiral Michel is still more willing to give it a try. If the sneak attack succeeds, he will be Britain's biggest hero.

There is no way. Without getting rid of the two major overseas fleets of the Shinra, the Royal Navy will have no way to concentrate its forces and invest in the war to contain the main force of the Shinra Navy.

The big bathtub in the Mediterranean has two exits. If you want to block it and force the Shinra Navy to come out for a decisive battle, you have to attack both ways at the same time.

The Royal Navy is indeed awesome, but after the troops are divided into two groups, it is not that easy to suppress the Shinra Navy, and it might even involve itself.

The only way is to first cut out the wings of the Shinra Navy, kill their overseas fleet, and then concentrate on suppressing its local fleet.

Of course, this is Admiral Michel's own judgment. In fact, there are more ways, such as blocking the Suez Canal and preventing the HRE Navy from advancing eastward into the Indian Ocean.

Looking at the map on the wall, Michelle fell into deep thought, pointing with her fingers from time to time, as if looking for a "place" to break the situation.

...

The Suez Canal, since its opening, has carried the economic destiny of Asia, Europe, and Africa.

There are tens of thousands of ships coming in and out every year, and the toll revenue alone is worth tens of millions. It is a well-deserved golden waterway.

No matter how tense the situation in Europe is, the number of ships entering and leaving the Suez Canal every day has not decreased, and it feels quite otherworldly.

Unfortunately, this "detachment" is just an illusion. If you observe carefully, you will find that both the merchants along the coast and the merchants coming and going have serious expressions.

Everyone knew that war was coming. Once the war breaks out, the bustling Suez Canal will immediately become silent.

There was already a long queue at the canal security checkpoint. As the situation becomes tense, the security inspection work in the Suez Canal has also reached a higher level.

As a businessman, Owen naturally hates cumbersome inspections. But the arms cannot hold the thighs, and if you want to pass through the Suez Canal, you must undergo inspection.

Seeing the staff constantly rummaging through boxes and boxes, and almost unloading the goods and reloading them, Owen couldn't stand it anymore: "These are ballast stones. There is no need to move them out one by one for inspection, right?"

This time the shipment was from the East. Central's porcelain and silk are relatively lightweight products. To ensure the stability of the ship's hull, ballast stones are naturally indispensable.

Now even the stones have to be inspected. This level of caution is truly jaw-dropping.

The staff turned around and replied very seriously: "Sorry, Mr. Owen. This is a special period. Please cooperate with our work.

Not only for the safety of the canal, but also for the safety of your personal life and property. You must know that spies But it's so pervasive, there might be a loophole somewhere, and they'll take advantage of it.” Upon hearing the word “spy,” Owen decisively chose to shut up and quietly waited for the result.

As a businessman, Owen's biggest fear is getting involved with spies. Once involved, even a thousand mouths cannot explain clearly.

How to let the spy help prove that he is innocent?
Even if spies were willing to help testify, it would be of no use as no one would believe it.

Even if there is insufficient evidence to convict someone, the connections they have accumulated over most of their life will fall apart in an instant.

After more than two hours, the suspicious things on the ship were finally checked. Before Owen could breathe a sigh of relief, he heard someone shouting: "Catch the spies, don't let them escape!" The originally orderly scene suddenly became chaotic. Just as the canal police were taking action, the two oil tankers suddenly started and rushed towards the entrance of the river at full speed.

The incident happened so suddenly that even though the canal defenders responded quickly and immediately launched shore artillery to intercept, only one ship was intercepted, and the other one hit the lock directly.

After a loud noise, the warship began to sink slowly. At this moment, the surface of the river was covered with leaked crude oil, and the pungent smell hit his face.

Looking at the scene in front of him, Owen's mouth opened wide, but he didn't know what to say. The words that came to mind involuntarily: "Fell into a trap", "Dead soldiers", "Going to suffer miserably"...

Owen was not the only one who was stimulated, both the crew and the captain were now ashen-faced.

Although they saw it with their own eyes, no one knew the exact extent of the damage to the canal.

Even if only a little skin was scratched, it would take time to dredge the river, and at least the wreckage of the two oil tankers would have to be salvaged before navigation could be restored.

If you don't want to wait, then take a detour to the Cape of Good Hope. Those who run boats these days are all smart people, so they naturally know how to choose.

Seeing that the war for hegemony is about to break out, and a fight has even begun in South Africa, there will definitely be no good results in getting involved at this time.

The merchants were worried, and the expressions of the staff at the canal management office were even more exaggerated, with all of them looking ashen.

Even with such tight security, you still let the enemy steal the chicken. You must be responsible...

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 1117: Big Picture View2021-01-11Author : Xin Haiyue 1 Along with the telegrams, the news of the attack on the Suez Canal quickly spread throughout the world. The already tense situation in Europe has become increasingly uncontrollable at this moment.

That very night, the Vienna government held a press conference and announced that it would fight until death those behind the attack.

Although it was not stated explicitly, everyone knew that apart from the British, there was no second master who could serve as the "mastermind".

The investigation team has just set off, and the Vienna government has not yet reached a conclusion on the canal attack. The people of the two countries have already started to tense up.

Armed conflicts are no longer limited to South Africa. War wars of varying scales have broken out in East Africa and the Malay Peninsula. The total number of troops involved on both sides has exceeded the 100,000 mark.

In such a large-scale exchange of fire, war has not yet been declared. The two governments' cunning operations have once again refreshed the European world's understanding.

According to a political figure who did not want to be named, it is true that it is a hegemonic country, but this kind of "self-cultivation" (face) is not something that ordinary countries can have.

...

In the Palace of Vienna, at this moment, Franz was catching Frederick, a stinky chess player, fighting. The disturbances from the outside world had not affected this place at all, as if he had already transcended the world.

Detachment is impossible. At this critical moment, there is no room for relaxation. But it is true despite not being affected by the Suez Canal tragedy.

The reason is very simple. Whether the Suez Canal is blocked or not has little impact on this war.

To borrow a sentence from the media: "The Mediterranean is our inland sea, and the great Holy Roman Empire will shine on the world. This is our era."

Although it is a bit exaggerated, it is basically realistic. The current Mediterranean Sea can indeed be regarded as the inland sea of ​​​​HRE.

With both the Europe-Africa-Middle East railway and bathtub shipping, the core territory of HRE is still firmly controlled by the Vienna government, which is enough to ensure the normal supply of raw materials.

With the situation basically stable, Franz naturally didn't panic. Let alone if the Suez Canal is blocked for several months, even if it remains blocked, the Holy Roman Empire will be able to withstand it.

As for the strategic impact, there is no way to go eastward, so don't be in a hurry to go eastward for the time being. After all the warships in the dock are put into service, it will not be too late to look for bad luck from the British.

In contrast, the harm caused by crude oil leakage is greater. Tens of thousands of tons of crude oil spewed out, not only polluting the river, but it is estimated that the entire Red Sea will also be affected.

If Franz hadn't reacted quickly enough and ordered clearing and interception as soon as he received the news, the Mediterranean Sea might have been affected.

Frederick: "Father, since the British planned this attack, they will definitely pick themselves out. I'm afraid it will be difficult for the investigation team to gain anything."

Neither Britain nor the Holy Roman Empire is alone, and wars are fought in groups.

If you want to start a war, you must not only look at the problem from your own perspective, but you must also consider the reaction of the people in your allies.

People won't buy the old clichés like soldiers disappearing, which can be proven true or false at a glance.

Although allies can be forcibly pulled onto the ship, what they pull in is not allies, but a group of disgruntled pig teammates.

This time we have gathered pig teammates from all over Europe. If we don't improve the relationship with the masses, the Vienna government will not be able to lead them later.

Apart from anything else, just using other people's airports and ports requires the cooperation of local people.

Otherwise, local snakes can do something casually or delay the transportation of materials, which can cause the battle plan to fail.

In fact, this war has not started yet. One of the important reasons is the lack of a reasonable excuse for the war.

The attack on the Suez Canal is undoubtedly a good entry point. Although this economic life is in the hands of the Vienna government, most countries in Europe will benefit from it.

As long as it was proven that the attack was planned by the British, it would be logical to launch a war in retaliation.

"Don't worry, there will definitely be something to gain. Even if it really has nothing to do with the British, we can still get them to do it. The current investigation is just a formality. Inviting representatives from various countries to participate is nothing more than bringing them together. Follow the endorsement.

Of course, a fake is a fake after all. No matter how perfect the arrangement is, there will always be clues left. If possible, it is best to find real evidence. Otherwise, it will be a big trouble   in the future.

When encountering similar matters, leave it directly to the cabinet government for operation. As monarchs, we must learn to pretend to be confused when appropriate."

It is the nature of human nature to tend to the pros and cons, and being an emperor is no exception. Especially this kind of shady operation, you can hide as far as you can.

As long as you don't participate in it, even if you are really cheated on in the future, you can still just say "I don't know" to deal with it.

Although it is just a formality, the investigation is still rigorous. For example: How long the investigation lasts depends on the anti-British propaganda of various governments.

When the anti-British sentiments of the European people are mobilized, it will be the end. Only when all the people support the war is the best time to launch a war.

...

Sulawesi Island, Austrian Nanyang Governor's Palace. A group of military and political dignitaries gathered together, and Prince William was happily discussing the battle plan with everyone.

The British wanted to sneak attack the Nanyang Fleet, and the Nanyang Fleet also wanted to sneak attack the Royal Navy's Far East Fleet. Both sides are plotting against each other, and the result is that there is no result.

Forrest, Commander of the Nanyang Fleet: "Your Highness, we have failed to lure the enemy many times, and I am afraid it will be difficult to achieve results if we continue.

Either the British had an insight into our plan and were not fooled at all; or the British had too much appetite and looked down upon the small profits and wanted to swallow us whole.

It is unlikely that the plan will be leaked, and not many people will know about it. If it's the latter, we've got the direction right from the beginning.

The biggest problem is that the war did not break out, otherwise we could form a coalition with the three countries of Western Netherlands and Portugal, and the chances of a decisive battle with the British directly would be very high. William asked doubtfully: "Although we have fewer warships than the British, we still have an aircraft carrier formation." In a direct battle with the Far East Fleet, is there no chance of winning? Admiral Forrest shook his head: "

Your Highness, although the aircraft carrier showed good attack power in the exercise, actual combat is different and there are more factors to consider."

We lack experience in using aircraft carriers in actual combat. We cannot even find a reference case in the world, and specific tactics are still being explored.

Out of responsibility for the empire, I dare not overestimate the combat effectiveness of the aircraft carrier formation before going through actual combat. "

The mainstream idea of ​​the navy these days is still big guns and giant ships, and the Shinra Navy is no exception. Even with the support of the emperor, the aircraft carrier faction is still at a disadvantage. The aircraft carrier faction is at a disadvantage in the battle of ideas. The biggest problem is the lack of actual combat cases. Be supportive. Everyone supports the theory of giant ships and cannons, not entirely out of love, but more for insurance. It is not terrible to make mistakes in the military. What is terrible is that everyone else is on the right track, and you are the only one who has gone astray.

Since other people Countries are all playing with giant ships and cannons, so just keep up. If everyone is wrong, it means no one is wrong. The biggest problem that makes it difficult to promote new concepts is uncertainty. Even if the aircraft carrier concept can be proven to be correct, It does not mean that the aircraft carrier formation has combat effectiveness.

The concept is correct, but it is equivalent to taking the path in the correct direction; but there are many forks in the same direction, and you will go astray if you are not careful.

Mainly due to the limitations of aircraft technology, until recent years Only after technological breakthroughs did the development of aircraft carriers begin.

Before that, although there was research and development, the investment intensity was far from being comparable to that of battleships. There was no way, there were too many places to invest, and no amount of military spending would be enough. Spend. Before it is certain that the aircraft carrier can be effective, more resources must be invested in the battleship.

After a pause, Admiral Forrest added: "In fact, the role of the aircraft carrier formation is not necessarily in the decisive battle. , I think it is more effective when used for sneak attacks.

It is similar to the Air Force's "Bull Hunting Plan", concentrating a group of bombers to carry out strategic bombing of enemy ports and shipyards.

In the Far East, the British had limited air defense firepower and basically posed little threat to fourth-generation bombers.

If we can figure out the layout of Cam Ranh Bay, the chance of a successful sneak attack should be very high. After the bombing is over, if we go up to fight the enemy decisively, our chances of winning will be greatly improved.

It's a pity that the time is not right now. If we do this in advance, the Air Force's plan will go bankrupt ahead of time.

Unlike us, the Air Force has more fighters and has rich bombing experience. If the "Bull Hunting Plan" succeeds, the benefits will be far greater than defeating the Far East Fleet. "

"Look at the overall situation", this is a compulsory course for every senior general. They are both surprise attacks. The heavy damage to the British Far East Fleet and the heavy damage to the British Home Fleet are not at the same level.

The British Far East Fleet was defeated at best. This made the Nanyang Fleet famous; and the defeat of the British Home Fleet was a change of hegemony.

National interests are the most important, and local battlefields must give way to the overall situation. No matter how many ideas he has in mind, Admiral Forrest can only first Holding it in his stomach.

"Your Majesty Commander, this is a great idea. Preparations can be made now, and we will begin implementation as soon as the air force takes action.

Even if it fails, it doesn't matter. The British can't use warships to chase planes, right? Think of it as a bombing training to gain experience for the next time. "

After discussing it for a long time, a reliable plan was finally born. Naturally, William would not be stingy with his words.

As the future king of Nanyang, William also needs to accumulate reputation and merit. Although the Holy Roman Empire has not developed to the point where "fame only means fame." "Take it on horseback" is an extreme, but war is still the best way to accumulate merit.

...

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 1118 God's Face2021-01-11Author : Xin Haiyue 1 With the formation of the two major camps, the international situation has become increasingly clear. On one side is the anti-British alliance with the Holy Roman Empire as its core - the Continental Alliance; on the other side is the anti-HRE alliance formed by Britain - the Pan-Ocean Front.

The attack on the Suez Canal tore off the last layer of window paper, and the contradiction between the two camps was put on the table.

With the continuous escalation of armed conflicts in various places, in addition to a declaration of war, a de facto war has formed between HRE and Britain.

Most of the main member states of the Continental League are concentrated in Europe, and there is a ready-made organizational framework of the Continental League. Now there is only a slight change in function, and the Pan-Oceanic Front led by the British is in trouble.

When countries first joined the Pan-Oceanic Front, the situation was not what it is now. The British only told everyone to form a group to surround Shinra, but they did not say that the enemy was the entire European continent.

The enemy's scope expanded, and disputes arose within the Pan-Oceanic Front. Although everyone has full confidence in the Royal Navy, everyone is unsure about this war.

"Distant relatives are not as good as close neighbors", this saying does not apply between countries. Due to historical reasons, most countries have conflicts of interest and even long-term hostilities with their neighboring countries.

The enemies of your enemies are not necessarily friends, but they can be allies most of the time. For example, if Chile joins the Pan-Oceanic Front, then the two hostile countries Peru and Bolivia will naturally tend to join the Continental Alliance.

Now they have not jumped out to join the team, but because of the superior position of the Royal Navy, everyone is afraid to act rashly. Maybe they have already hooked up secretly.

In this context, not only do everyone have to participate in the war against Shinra, but they also have to be careful about the stabbings of their neighbors.

It's not that the British government hasn't thought of ways to solve it, but when interests are involved, there's no need to talk about it.

Taking the three countries of Chile, Bolivia, and Peru as an example, it is very simple for Bolivia and Peru to give up their hatred, as long as Chile is willing to give up the gains from the South Pacific War.

Chileans will naturally not agree to eating the meat in their stomachs and then spitting it out, and then there will be no more discussion.

No matter how great Britain's reputation is, it cannot be greater than its interests. Even if the British government is willing to share HRE's colonies, it will have no effect.

Painting cakes cannot satisfy hunger. Although the colonies of the Holy Roman Empire are vast, they may not be able to capture many.

If there are too many people participating in dividing the spoils, no one will have enough to eat. Everyone joins the Pan-Oceanic Front to eat meat, not to starve.

In order to coordinate alliance relations and integrate alliance forces, the British government was very busy, but the final harvest was very touching.

Each country has its own calculations. When the interests of the alliance conflict with the interests of its own country, the national interests must take priority.

The Vienna government cannot force the European countries to use their full strength, and the London government cannot force the countries of the Pan-Ocean Front to explode.

The alliance has not yet been settled, but domestic doubts are endless. The loudmouths have come out one after another to criticize the government's foreign policy, as if this situation is entirely the result of this government's ineffectiveness.

Throwing away the irritating newspaper, Campbell rubbed his forehead and asked, "Hasn't the Navy found an opportunity yet?" If the situation cannot be broken politically, then the only way to find a breakthrough is through the military. War always diverts internal conflicts. One of the sharp tools.

I saw Navy Minister Swinding waving his hands and saying: "Whether it is the enemy's Nanyang Fleet or the American Fleet, they are usually scattered in various ports. If there is no major event, they will not assemble at all. Unless we divide our forces to attack, otherwise we will be very It is difficult to severely damage the enemy's main force at once. But after the troops are divided, the Royal Navy's advantage no longer exists.

Even if the enemy occasionally assembles, it is only in coastal areas. Considering that the enemy can withdraw to the port at any time, and the air force provides firepower Support, we did not take rash actions."

The strength of the Royal Navy lies in overall cooperation. If it is just a one-on-one battle between warships, their advantage is actually not great.

This is exactly the opposite of the army. The lobster soldiers have good combat effectiveness in small-scale battles, but once the scale of the battlefield expands, they immediately wither.

Finance Minister Asquith: "Since we can't make a sneak attack, let's just look for opportunities to fight the enemy decisively.

With the cooperation of our allies, we can kill the enemy's two ocean-going fleets in a short time and ensure the smooth flow of sea trade lines.

The war is The footsteps are approaching, and there is not much time left for us. The saint of the Vienna Palace is now performing his final performance.

If nothing happens, the results of their investigation will be out soon, and then justice will be done. Declaring war on us verbally."

It was obvious that Asquith was very unimpressed with Franz. It's right when you think about it, everyone has no image, you are the only one who has one, and the problem is only if you don't get hated by others.

Foreign Minister Adam said indifferently: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has begun to coordinate the issue of joint operations, but it will take some time.

There are two troubles we are facing now, one is the issue of command authority, and the other is the distribution of benefits after the war.

We The allies have a huge appetite, and what they want is seriously inconsistent with their own strength, and they need to be made aware of the reality."

Since discovering that the enemy has changed from HRE to the European continent, Britain's allies have become less willing. It's just that it's easier to get on the boat than to get off, and reality doesn't allow them to back down.

At this point, even if someone wants to change jobs, the Vienna government must first consider the feelings of its allies, and it is impossible to accept it.

Neutrality is even more nonsense. If the team still wants to retreat after standing still, it is equivalent to offending both families, and they will definitely be liquidated after the war.

If it weren't for the efforts of all countries, the British government would have been rude to these allies with a huge appetite.

… While the British were busy forming a team, after a week, the report of the investigation team finally appeared on Franz's desk.

There are no surprises. All the evidence presented in this investigation report of more than 30 pages points to the British.

After flipping through it casually, Franz lost interest in reading any more. There are too many words and it's a complete waste of life.

After scanning the crowd, Franz shook his head: "There is too much content and it must be streamlined. The evidence is also too detailed, almost like personal experience, and cannot withstand scrutiny at all. Delete Delete Delete , and then add some ambiguous things. After the war, add the British confessions, and it will be perfect.

Once it is done, it will be announced to the public, asking the British government to hand over the murderer, compensate for the losses, and give them an ultimatum by the way.

Forget it, let's wait! Christmas is next week. For the sake of God, let the British have a good last Christmas.” It also takes time to track down the evidence. It's only one week, and more than half of it is still there. time spent on the road.

Regardless of whether there was an in-depth investigation or not, it is scary to think that such a thick report could be produced in such a short period of time.

Unfortunately, this report was drafted by professionals. The participants of the investigation team are all criminal investigation experts in various fields, a group of people who are most pursuing the perfection of evidence.

Theoretically speaking, the witnesses and physical evidence listed above are complete, and there are even photos of the joints. They are all impeccable and cannot be denied by the British.

But when it fell into Franz's eyes, it looked awkward. These days, everyone has not yet experienced it deeply. Anyone who has experienced the impact of the Internet knows that the more detailed the details of fraud, the easier it is to overturn it.

On the contrary, it is the ambiguous things that are the most difficult to overturn. After all, history books are written by the victors, and any ambiguities can be proven after the war.

Time has the greatest influence on a person. After staying in this world for decades, Franz has completely integrated into the times, including: giving face to God.

There is no way, God's face is too great. Generally speaking, not giving God face at a critical moment like Christmas is going against the whole people.

If you don't believe it, just look at the behavior of everyone present. No one raised any objections. It can be seen that everyone is a “faithful” believer in God.

Prime Minister Chandler: "Okay, Your Majesty. We will implement the investigation report later.

But since the declaration of war will be postponed until after the holidays, do you think you should ask the Pope to choose an auspicious day?"

It's not ironic, Europeans always choose a date when encountering major events, and some superstitious people even ask witches for divination.

The anti-British alliance includes the Papal States and has the most professional team of magicians, so it is natural to take advantage of them.

It seems to be feudal superstition, but it is not. Before and after the war breaks out, people are most likely to feel confused and need to seek spiritual sustenance.

There is such a great god as the Pope, and if you don't use it, it would be a crime. If the British were not labeled as heretics, that was because the Vienna government had integrity.

Of course, it is impossible to buckle without moral integrity. The struggle between monarchy and theocracy has always existed, that is, in the past two hundred years, monarchy has overwhelmed religious authority.

Before that, European monarchs were also very miserable. Although he considers himself the most devout believer in God, Franz is still not ready to give the Holy See a chance when his core interests are involved.

"Then notify the Holy See that the day to declare war will be December 27, so that the Pope can prepare."

...

(End of chapter)

