Chapter 1114: Acted2021-01-09 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 The Netherlands was forced to take sides, and the Nordic Federation was not much better. Although the family's financial strength is stronger, it depends on who you compare with.

The Vienna governments of all European countries have been pulled into the chariot. Even if the Nordic Federation alone can remain neutral, they must consider liquidation afterwards!
If you can't do it, just go into the mountains and fight guerrillas, and that's just lip service. Whoever has eaten enough to hold on and let go of a good life has to go into the ravine.

What's more, even if you want to drill into a ravine, you have to have a mountain first. Norway and Sweden do have the potential to use terrain to resist and fight a war of attrition, but Denmark cannot!
The vast Jutland Peninsula simply does not have the conditions to hold on for a long time. Specifically, you may refer to World War II, where the battle ended in just four hours.

Although it is a bit exaggerated, the fact is the fact, even if other factors are mixed in, it cannot be changed.

The current situation is not as good as it was in the past. At least the Soviet Union was still supporting the European battlefield at that time. Although the anti-German alliance was at a disadvantage, its overall national strength was still more advantageous.

It's completely different now. At this moment, the European continent is full of members of the Anti-British Alliance. It's intimidating to look at, let alone fight against.

Faced with the ultimatum from the Vienna government, the central government of the Nordic federation had not yet made a final decision, and the Danes made the choice for them.

There is no way, it is all forced by reality. For the Nordic Federation, the threat that the Holy Roman Empire could bring to them was obviously much greater than that of the British.

As a small power on the European continent, the Nordic Federation is not weak in terms of territory or military strength.

There is only one reason that limits them from becoming a great power - insufficient population.

With less than 10 million people living in a land of nearly 900,000 square kilometers, it naturally cannot support a major power.

This is one of the reasons why the Nordic Federation wants to take back Finland. Although the Grand Duchy of Finland under the Russian governance does not have a very good economy, it is of great significance to the Nordic Federation to be able to increase its population by several million.

But if the Nordic Federation has a population of 20 to 30 million, it will not be so passive. The Vienna government can force a small country to take sides, but when it comes to dealing with great powers, it still focuses on co-opting them.

Unfortunately, the reality is different. The harsh climate has limited the growth of the local population.

After all, not all nations are as resilient as the Russians and maintain a high fertility rate in a cold country of ice and snow.

Nordic people behave quite Buddhistally when it comes to fertility issues. Its own population base is small, and its birth rate has not kept pace with the world average for many years. However, the population outflow is still serious.

The population limits the strength of the Nordic Federation. Naturally, it has no confidence when facing the behemoth of the Holy Roman Empire.

...

London and South Africa are under clouds of war. Before the British government can react, they are greeted with the bad news that all countries are ending.

The situation is changing so fast that it is overwhelming. You must know that only a week ago, the most popular in the European world were the "anti-war movement" and the "neutrality movement."

Except for Russia and Austria, all continental European countries are members of the "anti-war movement", and anti-war voices are rising into the sky.

In order to avoid being involved in the war, various countries even agreed to hold an international conference in Madrid after Christmas to form a "neutral front."

Countries are making such a fuss, and naturally the British government is indispensable for adding fuel to the flames. The law does not punish the public, which applies not only to individuals, but also to international politics.

All European countries are involved, and no matter how powerful the Holy Roman Empire is, it is impossible for them to pursue this issue.

For Britain, it can't pull it back by itself, so keeping countries neutral is also a good choice.

In order to strengthen the determination of neutrality of various countries, the British government is even considering whether to abandon the plan to completely blockade the European continent, just targeting the Holy Roman Empire.

Facts have proven that they were simply overthinking. The grass on the wall will always be the grass on the wall. It is impossible for them not to bend down in the strong wind.

Although the neutrality movement was first initiated by the Dutch, it was not the Dutch government that made the loudest noise. Instead, it was countries such as Belgium and Sardinia that were the most fierce.

Trying to assume the role, Campbell believes that the main reason is that these countries have experienced the pain of war, and anti-war is the right thing to do.

The reality is very comic, the louder the shouting in front is, the faster the players will end up taking sides.

As soon as the news of the military conflict in South Africa came, all countries could not wait to express their loyalty to the Vienna government, leaving no time for the British government to react.

Before they could figure out what was going on, a giant "Anti-British Alliance" gathering all the countries on the European continent appeared in front of everyone.

Although some of the countries were coerced into it and did not want to participate in this turmoil, they still participated in it in the end.

"Fighting the European continent alone" was a joke used by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to scare members of parliament in order to get parliament to allocate funds to implement the continental balancing policy. Unexpectedly, it actually came true.

Foreign Minister Adam said with a look of grief and indignation: "We have been fooled by European countries. They have colluded with the Holy Roman Empire for a long time. The anti-war movement that broke out earlier is just a cover for their collusion, and the purpose is to lower our Be vigilant.

I propose to take immediate action and carry out comprehensive revenge to let them know that the great Britain is not easy to bully..."

It is impossible not to be angry. Adam's political career was originally over, but now he has caught up with this.

"The worst Foreign Secretary in the history of the British Empire" is really stable this time. There are no ancient people in front, now we have to see if there are any in the back.

It is estimated that the possibility of being surpassed by latecomers is not high. After all, Britain's hegemony only lasts once. Once it falls and wants to get it back, the British Isles' basic base is far from enough.

If nothing unexpected happens, Adam Wingard's name will accompany the history of Britain and be immortalized as a negative teaching material.

Of course, Adam is not the only unlucky person. With such a big thing happening, not one of the cabinet members present could think of running away.

As the saying goes, "Pre-analysis is a mess, hindsight is brilliant." The international situation has changed dramatically, and what was originally a correct approach has now become a sin.

Campbell interrupted: "Sir, it is meaningless to say this now. Prepare to accept the questions from the MPs!

Those gentlemen will not consider the actual situation. They only saw more than a dozen countries conspiring against each other to fight against Britain. Such a big We still don't know anything about it.

But don't worry, before the end of the term, I believe no one will compete with us for jobs. It's too late for them to avoid this mess now, so how can they take the initiative to get involved?"

Hindsight , anyone can do it. As Prime Minister Campbell said, more than a dozen countries conspired against Britain. Why did the government know nothing about such a big thing?
There will even be people who go deep into the core analysis and interpret this incident from a deep political logic.

For example: the Holy Roman Empire was a benefactor to Belgium for its restoration, the Italian states were liberated by the Holy Roman Empire, and the Holy Roman Empire supported Spain's recovery...

Favors owed must always be repaid, especially to a big country. The favor must be returned.

Now that it's time to repay the debt, there's nothing wrong with countries supporting HRE.

Ordinary people can think of problems, but if the government knows nothing about it in advance, it must be derelict in its duties.

If at another time, something like this had happened, it would have been enough for the Campbell cabinet to get out.

Keeping them in office is not because everyone is merciful, but mainly because no one is willing to take over this mess.

Chancellor of the Exchequer Asquith: "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, I think the core issue now is not what has happened. We must look forward. The emergence of the anti-British alliance has already indicated that the countdown to the war has entered. The top priority is that we still have to find a way to win this war.

For example: first stabilize the emotions of our allies and make them believe that the final victory must belong to us. Or we can strike first and catch the enemy by surprise..."

No way, diplomacy The minister was obviously hit. He was not in the right state at the moment. Someone had to remind him what to do next.

Prime Minister Campbell: "I have already reported the outline of the combat plan to the king. Because there are flaws in the plan, His Majesty is not very satisfied.

Especially the lack of a plan to attack the core of the Holy Roman Empire. It is just some targets against the enemy..."

(End of Chapter)

Chapter 1115 Crazy excitement2021-01-09 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 The deteriorating situation has pushed Britain to the edge of the cliff. Just like an antelope flying across the vast sea and sky, it will be broken into pieces if it cannot cross.

Although the anti-war public opinion storm in Europe has not yet subsided, this does not affect the sides of governments.

When choosing between the Holy Roman Empire and Britain, there is nothing wrong with supporting the HRE. Even if there is a referendum, the final outcome will not change.

Anyway, it's just support now, not immediately sending troops to join the war. The war has not broken out yet, and governments still have time to guide public opinion.

To do this is very simple, just look through the history books, there are reasons to beat the British.

What's more, even if a war breaks out, all countries will follow suit, and there is no need for everyone to get angry.

Times are developing and technology is advancing. To deal with Britain, even if the Vienna government is looking for cannon fodder, ordinary countries are not qualified to participate.

Except for the Russians who can participate in the land war, even if other countries want to participate, the Vienna government will think they are in the way.

Not to mention naval battles. If the Shinra Navy cannot win, it will still be impossible to win with the fleets of various countries.

The advent of the dreadnought era has completely opened up the ranks among the naval powers. The participation of thousands of tons of ironclad ships has no practical significance except to increase the enemy's record.

Even if we have to fight for quantity, we will need at least more than 10,000 tons of battleships, so it only makes sense to participate.

In particular, the navies of various countries are still distributed in different regions. Except for the countries along the Mediterranean, the fleets of other countries cannot assemble at all for a while.

What's more, the British are not fools and cannot give the anti-British alliance time to gather troops. Thinking back to those days, the Royal Navy relied on ants to kill elephants to defeat the Armada. It is impossible not to learn from experience and lessons.

Of course, even if the navies of various countries do not gather, they are still a threat to the British.

Fortunately, the anti-British alliance is not monolithic. Otherwise, no matter how powerful the Royal Navy is, it will be exhausted now.

What countries can really participate in is probably to send a few planes symbolically to participate in the war against Britain.

Otherwise, because of bad luck, the mainland and colonies become battlefields and are forced to fight; or in the later stages of the war, a landing operation on the British Isles can be carried out, and they can join in and beat up the drowned dogs.

In fact, the greatest significance of countries participating in the anti-British alliance was not military, but rather their greater political and economic contributions.

After the alliance was established, Britain had to face the entire European continent. The gap in economic and industrial strength between the two sides has been widened four to five times.

If nothing else, it is obvious just by looking at the manufacturing of warships. As long as the Vienna government provides certain technical support, shipyards in Spain, the Netherlands, Portugal and other countries can also build super battleships.

No matter how old a naval empire declines, a rotten ship still needs three pounds of nails. At least the domestic shipbuilding industry system has been preserved, and there is also some talent reserve.

These are all resources, but it is a bit troublesome to integrate and utilize them. But these are all minor issues. As long as the interests are negotiated, there is nothing that cannot be solved.

In fact, the Vienna government has already begun to do so. It no longer matters what technology is proliferating or not.

As long as the Royal Navy is defeated, it doesn't matter even if the shipbuilding technology is poor. Anyway, the Navy not only strives for technology, but also for financial resources.

For example, the Russian Empire, a good ally of the Vienna government, is a typical representative.

They had done so more than once or twice when it came to introducing technology from Shinra. In the end, they were either tricked by domestic bureaucrats or dragged down by poor government finances.

Other countries are not much better. Even if they are wealthy, due to their size, the funds that can be invested in armaments are very limited.

What's more, do you really think that developing the navy is all about having money and technology? If it were so simple, the Middle East in later generations would not be a gathering of naval powers.

Maybe the Navy can really do this in the first half, but various tests will come in the second half. Without a supporting industrial system, even an established naval power can only shed tears.

The sudden change in the international situation has confused the British people, and the people are even less able to react.

Ordinary people cannot keep up with the pace, and experts and scholars are also confused and have no idea what is happening.

His arms couldn't hold his thighs, so everyone could understand his side of the game. But standing in line so quickly and neatly was a bit overwhelming.

"Premeditated collusion"?
This statement is just enough to fool ordinary people. Anyone who knows a little bit about politics knows that it is almost impossible to coordinate more than a dozen countries at the same time without leaking the news.

For no other reason than there are pro-HRE factions in the governments of various countries, as well as pro-British factions.

Even if it is a dictatorship, when it comes to such a big issue as taking sides, it still needs to be discussed.

Even if it is a small-scale discussion, with more than a dozen people from each country participating, there are hundreds of insiders.

No matter what the secret is, as long as more people know it, it's not a secret.

Wherever there are people, there are rivers and lakes, and we cannot expect everyone with knowledge to keep their mouths shut, especially when interests are involved.

With so many insiders, there are always spokespersons for several interest groups. Knowing the news in advance is a big business opportunity.

Whether it is hoarding in advance, speculating on crop prices, or buying or selling assets affected by the war, the futures market and the stock market will show signs in advance.

Whenever there is a big movement anywhere, it is a flaw, which will naturally arouse the vigilance of the British.

How to operate it in order to complete a series connection between European countries without leaving any omissions has become a common concern of the whole world.

...

There is naturally no answer to the suspicions from the outside world. Because there is no answer at all, and there is no such thing as hooking up in advance.

Although the Dutch were the first to call out the "neutrality movement", it was the Vienna government that pushed this movement to its climax.

Without the signal from the Vienna government, why would Belgium, Sardinia, Lucca... these small countries dare to participate?

Not to mention the outside world, even many of the parties involved were confused after receiving the signal.

Although I don't know what kind of medicine is sold in the boss's gourd, I still have to complete what I was ordered to do.

The reasons are all ready-made. Whether it is for national interests or personal political interests, everyone has sufficient reasons to oppose the war.

The pro-Austrian faction turned into an anti-war faction, which naturally attracted the attention of the British. Some people even leaked the news to the British.

The British government's attention was indeed attracted, but they really couldn't understand it. This is not the first time that similar operations by the Vienna government have occurred.

For decades-old cases, there is still no motive analyzed. Some people even suspect that there is no so-called motive at all. It is entirely because the Vienna government suddenly got into trouble.

This explanation is the most reasonable, because governments of all countries have times when their brains are in trouble. The British government itself is one of the best. Every few terms, a weird government will appear and perform some mysterious operations that are incomprehensible.

The Vienna government fueled the neutrality movement, which in the eyes of British bureaucrats was seen as domestic opposition stirring up trouble in an attempt to stop the war.

This is my personal experience. Every time Britain wants to launch a war, there are a bunch of anti-war factions who make trouble. The only difference is the amount of noise they create.

The British may not pay attention to it, but the European governments as parties cannot ignore it. Only after personally participating in the "Neutrality Movement" did everyone realize how unreliable this thing is.

No matter how loudly everyone shouts slogans, once it involves specific things, it will immediately lead to bad things.

They agreed to form a "neutral alliance" and jointly bear the pressure from the two hegemons, but at the last moment no country was willing to take the lead.

The Russian Empire, which everyone originally had high hopes for, ended up with the Tsarist government saying: "We have the Russo-Austrian Alliance. Most of the clauses in the Neutrality Alliance conflict with the contents of the Russo-Austrian Alliance, and we cannot participate in the conclusion of the treaty."

If this still doesn't make it possible. If everyone is sober, the next performance of various countries will be really disappointing.

After the Russian Empire, Spain is the one who is qualified to organize everyone to conclude a "neutral alliance".

It is a pity that the Spanish government is also cunning and moved out of the ancient "Osi Port Agreement".

The specific content has not been disclosed to the public. Let everyone refer to the performance of the Vienna government during the Philippine War. Anyway, it can launch a neutrality movement and even help provide a meeting venue, but it cannot lead the conclusion of an alliance.

The important big countries cannot organize treaties because they have treaties of their own, so they have to do it as small countries.

With the idea of ​​giving it a try, we launched the Netherlands. Although their own strength is not good, as the initiators of the neutrality movement, it makes sense for them to organize it.

Unfortunately, the Dutch government is not stupid either. The two big countries, Spain and Russia, are unwilling to take the lead. What qualifications do they, a small country, have to take the lead?
I really thought it would be easy for me to take the lead, but this thing is meant to incite hatred, and I will definitely suffer revenge from the Holy Roman Empire afterwards.

Just like when the eighteen princes challenged Dong, Yuan Shao became the leader of the alliance, and the Yuan family, who was so awesome and coaxing, was taken out and sacrificed first.

Once you realize that neutrality is unreliable, you have no choice but to take sides. You have to take sides anyway, so why not sell yourself for a good price?

There is no point in talking about conditions now. No matter how much you promise, it is just a blank check. Whether and how much it can be honored in the end depends on the Vienna government.

Based on the experience of the anti-French war, everyone knows the Vienna government's rules for dividing spoils. To sum it up: those who contribute more will get more, and those who stand first will get more.

Of course, when taking sides, everyone still has to consider the reaction of the British. The royal family is still very good, and no one can guarantee that they will be able to unseat Britain this time.

In this context, the first to take sides will definitely be the most hated, and will definitely suffer the most violent revenge in the future.

Even with the help of the Holy Roman Empire, not every country has the ability to withstand the backlash.

Fortunately, the thick-skinned and tough Russians were not afraid of British retaliation, and the tsarist government was the first to jump in and help everyone solve this trouble.

The first is that all countries dare not rob, and the second is that everyone robs together. Countries took sides both by chance and necessity, and inadvertently created an unsolved mystery in the world.

It is impossible to explain. If you are misunderstood, you will be misunderstood. It is also a good choice to let the British fall in depression.

Maybe in a few decades, this will become strong evidence to prove that he, Emperor Franz, is the "chosen son", "destined", "chosen by God"...

In fact, similar statements have been made before. Especially religious people have long recognized Franz as "a man favored by God."

The reason is very simple. The Holy Land was recovered from the pagans and was favored by God.

The revival of the Holy Roman Empire was also interpreted by them as the result of God's favor. Including the decline of France, religious figures also gave a strong explanation: colluding with pagans was punished by God.

If this theory comes true, it will be Britain's turn to be unlucky next. But thinking about it conversely, once Britain declined, this theory was confirmed again.

If the British can withstand this impact, they may say that this is a test from God. As long as you can strengthen your faith, you will definitely win next time.

There is nothing wrong with it. No matter how rich the foundation of the British Empire is, it cannot change the nature of being left behind.

Being able to survive one challenge is already very impressive; Britain will definitely not be able to bear it a second time.

I have to admit that the magic stick is still quite good. No matter how the situation develops, they all have a reasonable explanation.

...

Putting down the newspaper in his hand and looking at the falling snowflakes outside the window, Franz turned his back to his son and asked, "Have the British not declared war yet?"

Although the later the war breaks out, the more beneficial it will be to the Holy Roman Empire. However, the anti-British alliance is almost completed, and the British villain is still reluctant to appear, which is embarrassing.

If it were not for the purpose of shifting the blame for the war to the British, Franz would have wanted to declare war on the British first, so as not to panic later.

"Not yet."

It can be seen from Frederick's helpless expression that this is not the first time Franz has asked. Perhaps because of his age, Franz's temperament has become increasingly unpredictable.

After a pause, Frederick continued to explain: "According to the intelligence we received, the British Parliament is still noisy.

In the meeting yesterday morning, a dispute between two members even escalated into a big fight. A total of three MPs were hospitalized due to serious injuries.

It is said that King Edward VII, who was shocked by the scene, was furious in the Parliament and warned that if there was another fight, he would be stripped of his status as a MP.

It is estimated that he was affected by the reactions of European countries. I'm scared, the momentum of the British war faction has dropped a lot recently."

Unlike later generations of parliamentarians who dared to snatch the queen's scepter, the British king still had real power these days. Removing members is something that future kings would never dare to think of, but it is possible these days.

Of course, it's only possible. If he really wants to do this, he will probably be targeted by the parliament.

The main reason is that Britain has too few legal provisions to restrict the behavior of parliamentarians. According to normal rules and regulations, it is difficult to restrain them.

There is no way, the law must be approved by others before it can be passed. Naturally, it is impossible for laws to regulate and restrict one's own behavior to be passed.

In comparison, the Holy Roman Empire was much better. Franz took action early, and there were a number of decrees restricting the behavior of parliamentarians.

Even in the revision and repeal of relevant laws and regulations, legislators must avoid suspicion and have no right to participate at all.

If it happened in Shinra, these congressmen involved in the fight would not only lose their status as congressmen, but they would also have to go to prison to reflect.

Deliberately provoking trouble, gathering crowds to fight, and disrupting parliamentary order are not within the scope of legal immunity.

However, these minor issues are not the focus of Franz's attention now. What attracts his attention is the decline in the momentum of the British war faction.

The British Empire in the Victorian era was not a soft-footed shrimp. Confrontations with continental Europe are not unheard of. They stopped because they were "scared", which is obviously unconvincing.

Although the regular troops of the Holy Roman Empire did not move, fighting did begin on the African battlefield.

"Civil armed conflict" is something that only the Vienna government dares to say.

Whether it is weapons and equipment, the military quality of the participants, or the scale of the conflict, they are not what a "civilian armed conflict" should be.

What's more, this is just the beginning. As time goes by, the number of people involved in the conflict continues to increase.

After pondering for a moment, Franz turned around and said coldly: "Since the British are not moving, let's stimulate them again.

Invite European governments to hold an anti-British meeting in Vienna next month to discuss ..."

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1116: Attack on the Canal2021-01-09 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 At the end of the European War, the British government took advantage of the opportunity when the Holy Roman Empire had no time to look eastward and seized the French Indochina Peninsula.

Cam Ranh Bay, the headquarters of the French Far East Fleet, also changed its owner and became the headquarters of the British Royal Navy.

With this first military port in Asia, the Royal Navy naturally looks down upon Singapore, another important military town.

Of course, this is just lip service. The real reason was that the British government was too slow to respond. Sumatra was occupied by the Netherlands, and the Malay Peninsula fell into the hands of the German Confederation, which was dominated by Hanover.

At that time, Britain was having trouble with France and Austria, and Hanover and the Netherlands were both their die-hard brothers. The British government acquiesced to this fact.

No one expected that the international situation would change so quickly. Along with a European war, France fell into the world, and the Holy Roman Empire was reborn from the ashes and unified again.

There is no doubt that the Malay Peninsula, as a colony of the German Confederation, naturally joined the family of the Holy Roman Empire.

The European hegemon was born. Affected by geopolitics, the Dutch government, which was aware of current affairs, naturally turned to the Holy Roman Empire.

In an instant, Singapore, as Britain's important military port in the Far East, became unpopular.

Although the Malacca Strait is still in the hands of the Royal Navy, both sides have become the enemy's sphere of influence.

There is no younger brother to guard the country, and it is just a corner of Singapore. It is obvious that it cannot support Britain's hegemony in the Southeast Asia region, and its control of the Malacca Strait suddenly becomes precarious.

By this time, it was too late for the British to regret it. The meat that fell into the belly of the Holy Roman Empire would naturally not be spit out again.

The pursuit of Dutch-dominated Sumatra was equally undesirable. With Shinra on their side, it would be impossible for them to let go.

"It's a misfortune and a blessing." Although Britain's rule over the Strait of Malacca was challenged, they also took over the French Indochina Peninsula.

Not only did it eliminate the threat to the southeast of India, it also expanded its colonial empire and increased its voice in the Southeast Asia region.

Whether it is a loss or a profit is difficult to say. But for the colonial government, it was definitely profitable.

The rule of Malacca has been challenged, but after all, it is still in their hands. With more wealthy Indochina to exploit, everyone's life will definitely be more comfortable.

Anyone who sees it has a share. If the colonial bureaucrats can make money, it is natural that a share of the Far East Fleet is indispensable.

As the commander of the fleet, Admiral Michel's life was a nourishing one. I lamented more than once that choosing to come to the Far East was the most correct choice in my life.

Unfortunately, good days are always short-lived. As the situation in Europe became tense, the situation in Southeast Asia also became turbulent.

Originally this was nothing, the Far East Fleet was stronger than the Nanyang Fleet. If a war really breaks out, Michelle is confident enough to win.

However, as the situation in Europe changed, Spain, Portugal, and the Netherlands successively turned to the Holy Roman Empire, and the situation changed.

The advantage originally held by the Far East Fleet was now suddenly reversed. One versus four, even if the Royal Navy could fight, it would still be difficult to defeat the four with one punch.

The only thing that pleased Michel was that Britain still had allies. If coupled with the power of the Japanese navy, he was still sure of victory.

It was only a telegram from London that broke Admiral Michel's illusions. The London government asked him to wait for an opportunity to attack the Nanyang Fleet and annihilate its main force.

From the overall perspective, there is nothing wrong with this order. Although undeclared war is against the spirit of chivalry, Michelle is not a knight and has no moral integrity.

The situation is so tense now that the Nanyang Fleet cannot be completely defenseless. It is very difficult to conduct a sneak attack, let alone annihilate it.

Deep down in his heart, Admiral Michel complained more than once, saying that if he wanted to launch a surprise attack, he would have told him early, and he would have to wait until the situation got out of control before giving the order. He must be considered a fool!

Fortunately, Michel did not know that the London government's original plan was to attack the Far East Fleet and the Pacific Fleet together to destroy Shinra's Nanyang Fleet and Central American Fleet at the same time.

Otherwise, it would not be a complaint, but a failure to implement it at all. Sneak attacks also need to consider the right time and place. They cannot be carried out at any time or in any place.

If you are unlucky and arrive at the agreed time for action, the weather will be unfavorable and a heavy fog will occur, or there will be strong winds and waves, or the enemy will not be on the preset battlefield, it can lead to the failure of the mission.

Fortunately, the Navy Department was not all civilian officials. There were also professionals who stopped this farce in time.

In the end, the Far East Fleet and Pacific Fleet received orders to wait for an opportunity to launch a sneak attack and annihilate the enemy's main force.

Although the difficulty is still great, it is finally possible to complete it. As long as one side succeeds or fails, a full-scale war will break out, and the other side will have to fight hard.

Rather than fighting the enemy directly, Admiral Michel is still more willing to give it a try. If the sneak attack succeeds, he will be Britain's biggest hero.

There is no way. Without getting rid of the two major overseas fleets of the Shinra, the Royal Navy will have no way to concentrate its forces and invest in the war to contain the main force of the Shinra Navy.

The big bathtub in the Mediterranean has two exits. If you want to block it and force the Shinra Navy to come out for a decisive battle, you have to attack both ways at the same time.

The Royal Navy is indeed awesome, but after the troops are divided into two groups, it is not that easy to suppress the Shinra Navy, and it might even involve itself.

The only way is to first cut out the wings of the Shinra Navy, kill their overseas fleet, and then concentrate on suppressing its local fleet.

Of course, this is Admiral Michel's own judgment. In fact, there are more ways, such as blocking the Suez Canal and preventing the HRE Navy from advancing eastward into the Indian Ocean.

Looking at the map on the wall, Michelle fell into deep thought, pointing with her fingers from time to time, as if looking for a "place" to break the situation.

...

The Suez Canal, since its opening, has carried the economic destiny of Asia, Europe, and Africa.

There are tens of thousands of ships coming in and out every year, and the toll revenue alone is worth tens of millions. It is a well-deserved golden waterway.

No matter how tense the situation in Europe is, the number of ships entering and leaving the Suez Canal every day has not decreased, and it feels quite otherworldly.

Unfortunately, this "detachment" is just an illusion. If you observe carefully, you will find that both the merchants along the coast and the merchants coming and going have serious expressions.

Everyone knew that war was coming. Once the war breaks out, the bustling Suez Canal will immediately become silent.

There was already a long queue at the canal security checkpoint. As the situation becomes tense, the security inspection work in the Suez Canal has also reached a higher level.

As a businessman, Owen naturally hates cumbersome inspections. But the arms cannot hold the thighs, and if you want to pass through the Suez Canal, you must undergo inspection.

Seeing the staff constantly rummaging through boxes and boxes, and almost unloading the goods and reloading them, Owen couldn't stand it anymore: "These are ballast stones. There is no need to move them out one by one for inspection, right?"

This time the shipment was from the East. Central's porcelain and silk are relatively lightweight products. To ensure the stability of the ship's hull, ballast stones are naturally indispensable.

Now even the stones have to be inspected. This level of caution is truly jaw-dropping.

The staff turned around and replied very seriously: "Sorry, Mr. Owen. This is a special period. Please cooperate with our work.

Not only for the safety of the canal, but also for the safety of your personal life and property. You must know that spies But it's so pervasive, there might be a loophole somewhere, and they'll take advantage of it.” Upon hearing the word “spy,” Owen decisively chose to shut up and quietly waited for the result.

As a businessman, Owen's biggest fear is getting involved with spies. Once involved, even a thousand mouths cannot explain clearly.

How to let the spy help prove that he is innocent?
Even if spies were willing to help testify, it would be of no use as no one would believe it.

Even if there is insufficient evidence to convict someone, the connections they have accumulated over most of their life will fall apart in an instant.

After more than two hours, the suspicious things on the ship were finally checked. Before Owen could breathe a sigh of relief, he heard someone shouting: "Catch the spies, don't let them escape!" The originally orderly scene suddenly became chaotic. Just as the canal police were taking action, the two oil tankers suddenly started and rushed towards the entrance of the river at full speed.

The incident happened so suddenly that even though the canal defenders responded quickly and immediately launched shore artillery to intercept, only one ship was intercepted, and the other one hit the lock directly.

After a loud noise, the warship began to sink slowly. At this moment, the surface of the river was covered with leaked crude oil, and the pungent smell hit his face.

Looking at the scene in front of him, Owen's mouth opened wide, but he didn't know what to say. The words that came to mind involuntarily: "Fell into a trap", "Dead soldiers", "Going to suffer miserably"...

Owen was not the only one who was stimulated, both the crew and the captain were now ashen-faced.

Although they saw it with their own eyes, no one knew the exact extent of the damage to the canal.

Even if only a little skin was scratched, it would take time to dredge the river, and at least the wreckage of the two oil tankers would have to be salvaged before navigation could be restored.

If you don't want to wait, then take a detour to the Cape of Good Hope. Those who run boats these days are all smart people, so they naturally know how to choose.

Seeing that the war for hegemony is about to break out, and a fight has even begun in South Africa, there will definitely be no good results in getting involved at this time.

The merchants were worried, and the expressions of the staff at the canal management office were even more exaggerated, with all of them looking ashen.

Even with such tight security, you still let the enemy steal the chicken. You must be responsible...

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 1117: Big Picture View2021-01-11Author : Xin Haiyue 1 Along with the telegrams, the news of the attack on the Suez Canal quickly spread throughout the world. The already tense situation in Europe has become increasingly uncontrollable at this moment.

That very night, the Vienna government held a press conference and announced that they would fight until death those behind the attack.

Although it was not stated explicitly, everyone knew that apart from the British, there was no second master who could serve as the "mastermind behind the scenes".

The investigation team has just set off, and the Vienna government has not yet reached a conclusion on the canal attack. The people of the two countries have already started to tense up.

Armed conflicts are no longer limited to South Africa. War wars of varying scales have broken out in East Africa and the Malay Peninsula. The total number of troops involved on both sides has exceeded the 100,000 mark.

In such a large-scale exchange of fire, war has not yet been declared. The two governments' cunning operations have once again refreshed the European world's understanding.

According to a political figure who did not want to be named, it is true that it is a hegemonic country, but this kind of "self-cultivation" (face) is not something that ordinary countries can have.

...

In the Palace of Vienna, at this moment, Franz was catching Frederick, a stinky chess player, fighting. The disturbances from the outside world had not affected this place at all, as if he had already transcended the world.

Detachment is impossible. At this critical moment, there is no room for relaxation. But it is true despite not being affected by the Suez Canal tragedy.

The reason is very simple. Whether the Suez Canal is blocked or not has little impact on this war.

To borrow a sentence from the media: "The Mediterranean is our inland sea, and the great Holy Roman Empire will shine on the world. This is our era."

Although it is a bit exaggerated, it is basically realistic. The current Mediterranean Sea can indeed be regarded as the inland sea of ​​​​HRE.

With both the Europe-Africa-Middle East railway and bathtub shipping, the core territory of HRE is still firmly controlled by the Vienna government, which is enough to ensure the normal supply of raw materials.

With the situation basically stable, Franz naturally didn't panic. Let alone if the Suez Canal is blocked for several months, even if it remains blocked, the Holy Roman Empire will be able to withstand it.

As for the strategic impact, there is no way to go eastward, so don't be in a hurry to go eastward for the time being. After all the warships in the dock are put into service, it will not be too late to look for bad luck from the British.

In contrast, the harm caused by crude oil leakage is greater. Tens of thousands of tons of crude oil spewed out, not only polluting the river, but it is estimated that the entire Red Sea will also be affected.

If Franz hadn't reacted quickly enough and ordered clearing and interception as soon as he received the news, the Mediterranean Sea might have been affected.

Frederick: "Father, since the British planned this attack, they will definitely pick themselves out. I'm afraid it will be difficult for the investigation team to gain anything."

Neither Britain nor the Holy Roman Empire is alone, and wars are fought in groups.

If you want to start a war, you must not only look at the problem from your own perspective, but you must also consider the reaction of the people in your allies.

People won't buy the old clichés like soldiers disappearing, which can be proven true or false at a glance.

Although allies can be forcibly pulled onto the ship, what they pull in is not allies, but a group of disgruntled pig teammates.

This time we have gathered pig teammates from all over Europe. If we don't improve the relationship with the masses, the Vienna government will not be able to lead them later.

Apart from anything else, just using other people's airports and ports requires the cooperation of local people.

Otherwise, local snakes can do something casually or delay the transportation of materials, which can cause the battle plan to fail.

In fact, this war has not started yet. One of the important reasons is the lack of a reasonable excuse for the war.

The attack on the Suez Canal is undoubtedly a good entry point. Although this economic life is in the hands of the Vienna government, most countries in Europe will benefit from it.

As long as it was proven that the attack was planned by the British, it would be logical to launch a war in retaliation.

"Don't worry, there will definitely be something to gain. Even if it really has nothing to do with the British, we can still get them to do it. The current investigation is just a formality. Inviting representatives from various countries to participate is nothing more than bringing them together. Follow the endorsement.

Of course, a fake is a fake after all. No matter how perfect the arrangement is, there will always be clues left. If possible, it is best to find out the real evidence.   Otherwise , it will be a big trouble in the future.

When encountering similar matters, leave it directly to the cabinet government for operation. As monarchs, we must learn to pretend to be confused when appropriate."

It is the nature of human nature to tend to the pros and cons, and being an emperor is no exception. Especially this kind of shady operation, you can hide as far as you can.

As long as you don't participate in it, even if you are really cheated on in the future, you can still just say "I don't know" to deal with it.

Although it is just a formality, the investigation is still rigorous. For example: How long the investigation lasts depends on the anti-British propaganda of various governments.

When the anti-British sentiments of the European people are mobilized, it will be the end. Only when all the people support the war is the best time to launch a war.

...

Sulawesi Island, Austrian Nanyang Governor's Palace. A group of military and political dignitaries gathered together, and Prince William was happily discussing the battle plan with everyone.

The British wanted to sneak attack the Nanyang Fleet, and the Nanyang Fleet also wanted to sneak attack the Royal Navy's Far East Fleet. Both sides are plotting against each other, and the result is that there is no result.

Forrest, Commander of the Nanyang Fleet: "Your Highness, we have failed to lure the enemy many times, and I am afraid it will be difficult to achieve results if we continue.

Either the British had an insight into our plan and were not fooled at all; or the British had too much appetite and looked down upon the small profits and wanted to swallow us whole.

It is unlikely that the plan will be leaked, and not many people will know about it. If it's the latter, we've got the direction right from the beginning.

The biggest problem is that the war did not break out, otherwise we could form a coalition with the three countries of Western Netherlands and Portugal, and the chances of a decisive battle with the British directly would be very high. William asked doubtfully: "Although we have fewer warships than the British, we still have an aircraft carrier formation." In a direct battle with the Far East Fleet, is there no chance of winning? Admiral Forrest shook his head: "

Your Highness, although the aircraft carrier showed good attack power in the exercise, actual combat is different and there are more factors to consider."

We lack experience in using aircraft carriers in actual combat. We cannot even find a reference case in the world, and specific tactics are still being explored.

Out of responsibility for the empire, I dare not overestimate the combat effectiveness of the aircraft carrier formation before going through actual combat. "

The mainstream idea of ​​the navy these days is still big guns and giant ships, and the Shinra Navy is no exception. Even with the support of the emperor, the aircraft carrier faction is still at a disadvantage. The aircraft carrier faction is at a disadvantage in the battle of ideas. The biggest problem is the lack of actual combat cases. Be supportive. Everyone supports the theory of giant ships and cannons, not entirely out of love, but more for insurance. It is not terrible to make mistakes in the military. What is terrible is that everyone else is on the right track, and you are the only one who has gone astray.

Since other people Countries are all playing with giant ships and cannons, so just keep up. If everyone is wrong, it means no one is wrong. The biggest problem that makes it difficult to promote new concepts is uncertainty. Even if the aircraft carrier concept can be proven to be correct, It does not mean that the aircraft carrier formation has combat effectiveness.

The concept is correct, but it is equivalent to taking the path in the correct direction; but there are many forks in the same direction, and you will go astray if you are not careful.

Mainly due to the limitations of aircraft technology, until recent years Only after technological breakthroughs did the development of aircraft carriers begin.

Before that, although there was research and development, the investment intensity was far from being comparable to that of battleships. There was no way, there were too many places to invest, and no amount of military spending would be enough. Spend. Before it is certain that the aircraft carrier can be effective, more resources must be invested in the battleship.

After a pause, Admiral Forrest added: "In fact, the role of the aircraft carrier formation is not necessarily in the decisive battle. , I think it is more effective when used for sneak attacks.

It is similar to the Air Force's "Bull Hunting Plan", concentrating a group of bombers to carry out strategic bombing of enemy ports and shipyards.

In the Far East, the British had limited air defense firepower and basically posed little threat to fourth-generation bombers.

If we can figure out the layout of Cam Ranh Bay, the chance of a successful sneak attack should be very high. After the bombing is over, if we go up to fight the enemy decisively, our chances of winning will be greatly improved.

It's a pity that the time is not right now. If we do this in advance, the Air Force's plan will go bankrupt ahead of time.

Unlike us, the Air Force has more fighters and has rich bombing experience. If the "Bull Hunting Plan" succeeds, the benefits will be far greater than defeating the Far East Fleet. "

"Look at the overall situation", this is a compulsory course for every senior general. They are both surprise attacks. The heavy damage to the British Far East Fleet and the heavy damage to the British Home Fleet are not at the same level.

The British Far East Fleet was defeated at best. It made the Nanyang Fleet famous; and the defeat of the British Home Fleet was the change of hegemony.

National interests are the most important, and local battlefields must give way to the overall situation. No matter how many ideas he has in mind, Admiral Forrest can only first Holding it in his stomach.

"Your Majesty Commander, this is a great idea. Preparations can be made now, and we will begin implementation as soon as the air force takes action.

Even if it fails, it doesn't matter. The British can't use warships to chase planes, right? Think of it as a bombing training to gain experience for the next time. "

After discussing it for a long time, a reliable plan was finally born. Naturally, William would not be stingy with his words.

As the future king of Nanyang, William also needs to accumulate reputation and merit. Although the Holy Roman Empire has not developed to the point where "fame only means fame." "Take it on horseback" is an extreme, but war is still the best way to accumulate merit.

...

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 1118 God's Face2021-01-11Author : Xin Haiyue 1 With the formation of the two major camps, the international situation has become increasingly clear. On one side is the anti-British alliance with the Holy Roman Empire as its core - the Continental Alliance; on the other side is the anti-HRE alliance formed by Britain - the Pan-Ocean Front.

The attack on the Suez Canal tore off the last layer of window paper, and the contradiction between the two camps was put on the table.

With the continuous escalation of armed conflicts in various places, in addition to a declaration of war, a de facto war has formed between HRE and Britain.

Most of the main member states of the Continental League are concentrated in Europe, and there is a ready-made organizational framework of the Continental League. Now there is only a slight change in function, and the Pan-Oceanic Front led by the British is in trouble.

When countries first joined the Pan-Oceanic Front, the situation was not what it is now. The British only told everyone to form a group to surround Shinra, but they did not say that the enemy was the entire European continent.

The enemy's scope expanded, and disputes arose within the Pan-Oceanic Front. Although everyone has full confidence in the Royal Navy, everyone is unsure about this war.

"Distant relatives are not as good as close neighbors", this saying does not apply between countries. Due to historical reasons, most countries have conflicts of interest and even long-term hostilities with their neighboring countries.

The enemies of your enemies are not necessarily friends, but they can be allies most of the time. For example, if Chile joins the Pan-Oceanic Front, then the two hostile countries Peru and Bolivia will naturally tend to join the Continental Alliance.

Now they have not jumped out to join the team, but because of the superior position of the Royal Navy, everyone is afraid to act rashly. Maybe they have already hooked up secretly.

In this context, not only do everyone have to participate in the war against Shinra, but they also have to be careful about the stabbings of their neighbors.

It's not that the British government hasn't thought of ways to solve it, but when interests are involved, there's no need to talk about it.

Taking the three countries of Chile, Bolivia, and Peru as an example, it is very simple for Bolivia and Peru to give up their hatred, as long as Chile is willing to give up the gains from the South Pacific War.

Chileans will naturally not agree to eating the meat in their stomachs and then spitting it out, and then there will be no more discussion.

No matter how great Britain's reputation is, it cannot be greater than its interests. Even if the British government is willing to share HRE's colonies, it will have no effect.

Painting cakes cannot satisfy hunger. Although the colonies of the Holy Roman Empire are vast, they may not be able to capture many.

If there are too many people participating in dividing the spoils, no one will have enough to eat. Everyone joins the Pan-Oceanic Front to eat meat, not to starve.

In order to coordinate alliance relations and integrate alliance forces, the British government was very busy, but the final harvest was very touching.

Each country has its own calculations. When the interests of the alliance conflict with the interests of its own country, the national interests must take priority.

The Vienna government cannot force the European countries to use their full strength, and the London government cannot force the countries of the Pan-Ocean Front to explode.

The alliance has not yet been settled, but domestic doubts are endless. The loudmouths have come out one after another to criticize the government's foreign policy, as if this situation is entirely the result of this government's ineffectiveness.

Throwing away the irritating newspaper, Campbell rubbed his forehead and asked, "Hasn't the Navy found an opportunity yet?" If the situation cannot be broken politically, then the only way to find a breakthrough is through the military. War always diverts internal conflicts. One of the sharp tools.

I saw Navy Minister Swinding waving his hands and saying: "Whether it is the enemy's Nanyang Fleet or the American Fleet, they are usually scattered in various ports. If there is no major event, they will not assemble at all. Unless we divide our forces to attack, otherwise we will be very It is difficult to severely damage the enemy's main force at once. But after the troops are divided, the Royal Navy's advantage no longer exists.

Even if the enemy occasionally assembles, it is only in coastal areas. Considering that the enemy can withdraw to the port at any time, and the air force provides firepower Support, we did not take rash actions."

The strength of the Royal Navy lies in overall cooperation. If it is just a one-on-one duel between warships, their advantage is actually not great.

This is exactly the opposite of the army. The lobster soldiers have good combat effectiveness in small-scale battles, but once the scale of the battlefield expands, they immediately wither.

Finance Minister Asquith: "Since we can't make a sneak attack, let's just look for opportunities to fight the enemy decisively.

With the cooperation of our allies, we can kill the enemy's two ocean-going fleets in a short time and ensure the smooth flow of sea trade lines.

The war is The footsteps are approaching, and there is not much time left for us. The saint of the Vienna Palace is now performing his final performance.

If nothing happens, the results of their investigation will be out soon, and justice will be done. Declaring war on us verbally."

It was obvious that Asquith was very unimpressed with Franz. It's right when you think about it, everyone has no image, you are the only one who has one, and the problem is only if you don't get hated by others.

Foreign Minister Adam said indifferently: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has begun to coordinate the issue of joint operations, but it will take some time.

There are two troubles we are facing now, one is the issue of command authority, and the other is the distribution of benefits after the war.

We The allies have a huge appetite, and what they want is seriously inconsistent with their own strength, and they need to be made aware of the reality."

Since discovering that the enemy has changed from HRE to the European continent, Britain's allies have become less willing. It's just that it's easier to get on the boat than to get off, and reality doesn't allow them to back down.

At this point, even if someone wants to change jobs, the Vienna government must first consider the feelings of its allies, and it is impossible to accept it.

Neutrality is even more nonsense. If the team still wants to retreat after standing still, it is equivalent to offending both families, and they will definitely be liquidated after the war.

If it weren't for the efforts of all countries, the British government would have been rude to these allies with a huge appetite.

… While the British were busy forming a team, after a week, the report of the investigation team finally appeared on Franz's desk.

There are no surprises. All the evidence presented in this investigation report of more than 30 pages points to the British.

After flipping through it casually, Franz lost interest in reading any more. There are too many words and it's a complete waste of life.

After scanning the crowd, Franz shook his head: "There is too much content and it must be streamlined. The evidence is also too detailed, almost like personal experience, and cannot withstand scrutiny at all. Delete Delete Delete , and add some more ambiguous things. After the war, add the British confessions, and it will be perfect.

Once it is done, it will be announced to the public, asking the British government to hand over the murderer, compensate for the losses, and give them an ultimatum by the way.

Forget it, let's wait! Christmas is next week. For the sake of God, let the British have their last Christmas.” It also takes time to track down the evidence. It's only one week, and more than half of it is still there. time spent on the road.

Regardless of whether there was an in-depth investigation or not, it is scary to think that such a thick report could be produced in such a short period of time.

Unfortunately, this report was drafted by professionals. The participants of the investigation team are all criminal investigation experts in various fields, a group of people who are most pursuing the perfection of evidence.

Theoretically speaking, the witnesses and physical evidence listed above are complete, and there are even photos of the joints. They are all impeccable and cannot be denied by the British.

But when it fell into Franz's eyes, it looked awkward. These days, everyone has not yet experienced it deeply. Anyone who has experienced the impact of the Internet knows that the more detailed the details of fraud, the easier it is to overturn it.

On the contrary, it is the ambiguous things that are the most difficult to overturn. After all, history books are written by the victors, and any ambiguities can be proven after the war.

Time has the greatest influence on a person. After staying in this world for decades, Franz has completely integrated into the times, including: giving face to God.

There is no way, God's face is too great. Generally speaking, not giving God face at a critical moment like Christmas is going against the whole people.

If you don't believe it, just look at the behavior of everyone present. No one raised any objections. It can be seen that everyone is a “faithful” believer in God.

Prime Minister Chandler: "Okay, Your Majesty. We will implement the investigation report later.

But since the declaration of war will be postponed until after the holidays, do you think you should ask the Pope to choose an auspicious day?"

It's not ironic, Europeans always choose a date when encountering major events, and some superstitious people even ask witches for divination.

The anti-British alliance includes the Papal States and has the most professional team of magicians, so it is natural to take advantage of them.

It seems to be feudal superstition, but it is not. Before and after the war breaks out, people are most likely to feel confused and need to seek spiritual sustenance.

There is such a great god as the Pope, and if you don't use it, it would be a crime. If the British were not labeled as heretics, that was because the Vienna government had integrity.

Of course, it is impossible to buckle without moral integrity. The struggle between monarchy and theocracy has always existed, that is, in the past two hundred years, monarchy has overwhelmed religious authority.

Before that, European monarchs were also very miserable. Although he considers himself the most devout believer in God, Franz is still not ready to give the Holy See a chance when his core interests are involved.

"Then notify the Holy See that the day to declare war will be December 27, so that the Pope can prepare."

...

(End of Chapter)

Chapter 1119: War Complete2021-01-12Author : Xin Haiyue 1 Deliberately leaked the date of declaration of war in advance, but Franz accidentally set a historical precedent again.

As an emperor, Franz's every move was inevitably interpreted politically. What seems like a child's play is actually another game between monarchy and divine power.

The struggle between monarchy and theocracy in the European world has lasted for thousands of years. The religious reform initiated in the Middle Ages was based on the theoretical basis of Jesus' words: "Give to God what is God's, and to Caesar what is Caesar's ."

However, what belongs to God and what belongs to Caesar, there is still no clear division.

Everyone's default is religion and secularity, but religion in Europe has been integrated into people's daily lives, and religion and secularity are simply inseparable.

There has never been a definite answer in the Holy Roman Empire as to whether royal power was higher than religious power, or whether religious power was higher than royal power.

Even when the church assets were confiscated, Franz made a deal with the Pope and used the Pope's name to force bishops everywhere to compromise, not in the name of the government.

Although the goal has been achieved, such operations can be carried out one at a time, but they cannot rely on the Holy See for a long time.

So in the following decades, Franz has been secretly weakening the influence of the church and trying to place religion under the jurisdiction of the government.

Now, it's almost time for a showdown. The current deliberate declaration of war is an obvious political signal.

Just to let everyone recognize the reality, the pope must act according to the emperor's will. Why should the church below be aloof from the world?
People's hearts are constantly changing, and the bottom line is constantly being broken through. If left alone for decades , such hints would naturally have no effect.

But it is different now. The strength of the church has declined significantly. The government has long been involved in religious affairs, but it has not stated it openly.

Now it is on the table, not only for the Catholics in Central, but also for the Protestants in the north.

The main purpose is to tell everyone: The Holy Roman Empire Church must listen to the emperor, so religious conflicts are meaningless.

As for leaking the date of the declaration of war to let the British take precautions in advance, that is not a problem at all.

The colonies are almost bleeding out. The places that can be defended have already been defended, and the places that are unprepared do not need to be defended now.

...

No matter how tense the situation is, Fog City is still Fog City. Even though the air was filled with the smell of gunpowder, compared with the thick fog, it was not worth mentioning at all.

The roaring sound of mechanical turbines is endless, and the ships entering and exiting are as numerous as the stars in the sky. Under the thick fog, the Port of London was still as busy as ever, as if it was not affected by the situation at all.

Even affected by the war, there have been more ships coming in and out recently, but the direction of commodity trade has changed.

Ships that originally plied between the English Channel and now turned to the ocean and started ocean trade.

The ships that still choose to stay are now engaged in passenger transport instead of import and export trade.

In fact, since news of the attack on the Suez Canal spread back to Europe, trade between Britain and European countries has ended, and evacuation operations have been put on the agenda.

The rise of every big city is indispensable for sucking the blood of its surroundings. As the world's largest metropolis, London is no exception.

Millions of immigrants from all over Europe gathered here. As the war approached, these immigrants naturally could not stay any longer.

Fortunately, these people come from more than a dozen countries. Otherwise, it would be impossible to evacuate so many people at once.

...

The pier was filled with thick fog, and the visibility was less than meters. The towering lighthouse has already begun its work over and over fifty again, dutifully guiding the direction of each ship.

As the roar of the ship approached, more and more pedestrians gathered on the pier. Each one was packed in big and small bags, as if they were fleeing for safety.

A middle-aged man in green clothes scolded him sternly: "Follow me quickly, Andre. If you miss this boat, you are going to stay here..."

Before he could finish his words, Andre's boy turned his head. After shaking it off, he asked disdainfully: "Isn't it good to stay here?"

As if his dignity was challenged, the middle-aged man cursed angrily: "Andre, you are really an idiot.

Don't forget that you are a Sicilian. If If you ask such idiotic questions again, don't say he is my Rudolf's son.

Look at this damn weather, how can it be compared to Sicily? Look at the eyes of the people around you..."

It is an evacuation in name, but in fact it is an escape. . He couldn't even take care of himself, so he naturally had no intention of caring about others and training his son.

A similar scene is happening in countless families right now. I have to admit that Britain these days is indeed full of temptations for ordinary people.

Second- and third-generation immigrants who grew up in London have already developed feelings for this country, and the concept of their mother country has become minimal.

It is a pity that Britain, as an island country, inherently lacks sufficient tolerance. It cannot even accommodate the Irish, and naturally it cannot accommodate them, wanderers from other lands.

Discrimination is everywhere, especially as war approaches, making life even harder for immigrants. All kinds of surveillance, interrogation, and even unwarranted detention.

Either because they can't stand the strange looks around them or because they are worried about their future, countless immigrants are forced to choose to return to their home countries.

In fact, those who are leaving now are either poor people, or owners who are too greedy and have a fluke mentality.

Really smart people sold off their assets in the British Isles in preparation for their escape as early as the situation began to deteriorate.

Greed needs to pay a price. If you don't cut off the meat in time to stop the loss, you can only sell it in tears to symbolically recover some costs, or even have the property seized by others.

It can be heard from the conversation between the two that Rudolph and Andrew are not wealthy owners. Anyone with a bit of wealth would have bought their own boat tickets and run away long ago.

There was no way, the date for the declaration of war prepared by the Holy Roman Empire was revealed by the media. No matter how slow your reaction is, you still know that if you don't run now, you really won't be able to run.

There are naturally those who choose to stay and share the joys and sorrows with Britain, but there are definitely not many such idiots.

There is no way, even if you want to stay, you have to be willing to accept it.

In fact, returning to Central at this time also faces various problems.

Not only do they need to find employment, but they also need to be monitored, which makes them feel a bit inhumane.

But Rudolf had no choice. Staying in Britain would not only subject him to discrimination, but could also put his life in danger.

Thanks to the development of the British newspaper industry, Rudolph knew that the British Isles had limited food production and had long relied on imports.

The target of the war happens to be the world's largest exporter of agricultural products. Once the war continues for a long time, there may be a famine.

Even though the British government has repeatedly assured that it has vast colonies and many food-producing allies, it can guarantee domestic material supplies.

However, the Irish workers next door repeatedly publicized the dark history of the British government, making it difficult for Rudolph to have confidence in the British government.

At the peak of Britain's history, millions of its own people starved to death in just one famine. What if there was a war?
Yes, in the eyes of ordinary people, the British Isles are one, and Ireland is also an important part of the British Empire.

The British government will not publicize the grievances and hatreds involved. Ordinary British people know little about it, and Rudolf, who comes out to make a living, is even less clear about it.

In contrast, when returning to Central, at least food is guaranteed. Sicily, my hometown, is suitable for agricultural production and is one of the few agricultural product export areas in Italy.

The Holy Roman Empire is also the world's largest exporter of agricultural products. Even if a war breaks out, it is unlikely to go to Sicily to collect grain.

Anyway, the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies is just following along in this war, and it is unlikely that the mainland will become a battlefield.

The government will probably not do its best to deal with this war. Even if you are monitored and investigated when you return to Central, it is most likely just a formality.

There are so many places where spies are needed. As long as the British are not confused, they will not focus on collecting intelligence on the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies.

The sad scene happened not only on London docks, but also in almost all important ports in Europe.

It's just that there are far fewer British people living in mainland Europe than those who go to Britain to seek life, so the Port of London seems particularly noisy.

...

Time flies, and the annual Christmas comes again. In the festive atmosphere of the festival, the smell of gunpowder in Europe has been diluted a lot.

If the media hadn't previously revealed the Vienna government's planned date of declaring war, it would have caused an uproar. I'm afraid people who don't understand European culture think that things are over.

Under the strong festive atmosphere, both sides pressed the pause button in unison, and even the colonial conflict came to a halt.

The only ones who are suffering are the Russian troops in the Far East. The Japanese army does not have a holiday on Christmas, so they can only fight hard.

Of course, this is nothing. Orthodox Christmas is next month, and by then it will be too late to be sad.

In St. Petersburg, the Tsarist government also received a declaration of war from the Holy Roman Empire. As the war approaches, the route dispute has once again become a hot topic in Russia.

The essential purpose of military technological innovation is to study how to kill people efficiently.

The use of machine gun trenches and barbed wire tactics certainly helped the Russians stabilize their position; but the emergence of tank armor opened a new door for the Japanese.

Affected by this, the casualties paid by both Japan and Russia were much higher than in history.

These are all small problems. The Tsarist government has gray animals; Japan, with its strong Bushido ideology, also has a spirit of not fearing death.

Both sides could afford to die, and the human wave tactic failed overnight, which made the tsarist government extremely embarrassed.

Those are all minor problems. What really shakes the Russians is the issue of logistical supplies.

As the situation becomes tense, it is obviously unrealistic to rely on the Vienna government to help smuggle strategic materials.

What is currently available, that is, the part that was previously hoarded, once it is used up, it will have to be transported from Europe.

After French workers' day and night efforts, the Siberian Railway was finally opened to traffic ahead of the year.

It's just that this railway, which had high hopes, failed to play the role that everyone expected. An accident even occurred during the opening process.

If the driver hadn't responded properly and the train ran off the railway line, we don't know what would have happened.

Even if something goes wrong in the process of opening to traffic, people will be able to ask questions from miles away because of its strong Russian-made feel.

No one may believe it when told that there are no problems with trains and railways. The main cause of accidents is insufficient compatibility between trains and railway tracks.

"If you miss something, it will make a difference of a thousand miles."

Facts have once again proved that the Russians are not suitable for precision manufacturing. Even though a full set of train production technology was introduced from Shinra, accidents still occurred at critical moments.

The track cannot be moved, so solving the compatibility problem falls on the train. Together with the pre-produced trains, they now have to be remade.

It's just a detailed adjustment that doesn't require much investment. The biggest cost is time.

This has just begun. In the future, if we have to provide logistical supplies to hundreds of thousands of troops on the front line, we will only face more practical problems.

Even if we can ensure logistical supplies and defeat the Japanese, we will not be able to continue to advance eastward in a short time.

For no other reason than the longer the front is pushed, the greater the logistical pressure will be.

What's more, Japan is an island country surrounded by seas. Victory in the land battle can only be regarded as a partial victory. The naval battle must be won before it can truly come to an end.

Everyone has confidence in the Russian Empire and is not worried about being unable to defeat the Japanese. The problem is that to complete these war plans, a lot of money is needed.

Different from the past, now the big financiers are also going to war with the British. No matter how good the relationship is, at times like this, everyone should take care of themselves first.

"It's all self-funded" is scary just thinking about it. If they really wanted to do that, they would have to suck the financial markets of the Russian Empire dry.

In comparison, the situation going south is much better. The Shinra Army also has plans to attack India, and everyone can join forces.

Politics is linked to interests. The Russian army's offensive has sufficient strategic value, so it can naturally continue to ask for money from the Vienna government.

When it comes to the future destiny of the country, naturally it cannot be decided by a few words. It requires research, research, and more research, meetings, meetings, and meetings...

For the indecisive Nicholas II, this kind of constant dispute on the strategic line was undoubtedly a kind of spiritual torture.

The advantages and disadvantages of the two paths are all in front of you. It seems that choosing one of the two is very simple. You just need to weigh the pros and cons and choose the most advantageous one. It is a pity that Nicholas II could not do it!

And slime does not exist. Time waits for no one on the battlefield. If you don't prepare in advance, you will really miss it if you miss it.

...

Without any surprise, the day after Christmas, the investigation team on the canal attack announced the results. The evidence pointed to the murderer being the British government.

Without waiting for any explanation from the British government, the Vienna government issued an ultimatum to the British, ordering them to hand over the murderer within 24 hours and pay 28 million Aegis for economic losses.

Immediately afterwards, the countries of the Continental League came up with lists of losses and demanded compensation from the British government.

It was impossible to surrender the person. The British government had always insisted that it had no knowledge. If it surrendered the person, wouldn't it mean that it would admit that it planned the canal attack?

Losing money is even more impossible. War is imminent. How can there be any argument for siding with the enemy before the battle begins?
(End of chapter)

2021-01-13 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 I got stuck in asking for leave. I wrote several thousand words, but something still felt wrong. Haiyue asked for a day off to work on the plot.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1120: War breaks out.2021-01-14 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 As a veteran world hegemon, the British have long cultivated their arrogance over the past hundred years.

After receiving the ultimatum from the Vienna government, the British parliamentarians, who felt that their dignity had been challenged, were rarely efficient and made their choice in just one afternoon.

After parliament reached a consensus, on the evening of December 26, 1904, King Edward VII issued a mobilization order for national war and officially declared war on the Holy Roman Empire.

There may be some element of anger in declaring war first! But it's mostly due to political needs. Although the methods are a bit low-level, as long as they are effective.

The arrogant British are not afraid of this war, which does not mean that the allies who follow them are not afraid either.

In fact, if it weren't for the British government's clever methods of coaxing and deceiving other countries into joining the war, no one would have joined in the fun.

Since the end of the European War, armies from all over the world that originally learned from the French Army have turned around and learned from the Shinra Army.

Regardless of whether he learned the essence or not, the influence of the Holy Roman Empire was spread. Especially for American immigrant countries who understand the history of HRE, it has a greater ideological impact.

Only the ignorant are fearless. Sometimes knowing too much is not necessarily a good thing. At least for Britain, it's not a good thing for allies to know too much.

You must know that at the beginning, the British only told everyone that they were facing the Holy Roman Empire alone, and there was nothing to do with the European countries at all.

Even in order to enhance everyone's confidence, the British government has repeatedly guaranteed that many European countries will join the Anti-HRE Alliance, such as the Russian Empire, France, Portugal, the Netherlands... and even the German princes.

There is nothing wrong with the logic. There is no room for two tigers in one mountain, and there is no room for two great land powers on the European continent. When it comes to national strategic space and European hegemony, everyone has reason to believe that Russia and Austria will fall out.

France and the HRE are feuding. In the past few hundred years, European history has been a history of hegemony between the two countries.

In the past few years, Shinra has been brutally attacked again. New and old hatreds are added together. If the French do not want revenge, then there will be a problem.

Countries such as Portugal and the Netherlands are all die-hard brothers of Britain. Although their relations with HRE are also good, everyone believes in John Bull's diplomatic methods.

Unexpectedly, the plan did not change quickly, the intended allies turned into enemies, and the balance of strength between the two sides also changed.

The deeper the understanding, the less sure everyone feels. The younger brothers are panicking, so the boss must find a way to stabilize the morale of the army. Otherwise, people will lose their support and the team will not be able to lead the team .

After thinking about it on his own, Franz instantly felt confident. I am not afraid that the British will react badly, but I am afraid that the British will not react.

The British Empire at its peak was unusually powerful. This strength is not only reflected in comprehensive national strength, but also includes a series of soft powers such as diplomacy and culture.

In terms of hard power, Shinra has overtaken it, otherwise it would not have launched a challenge. Soft power is difficult to define. Although the Vienna government has done a good job in this regard, it cannot be said to be better than the British .

The main reason is that reality is too nonsense, sometimes even more magical than fiction, and many things cannot be measured by common sense.

Facing an opponent who was good at playing with politics and people's hearts, Franz never dared to take it lightly.

It turned out that he seemed to be overthinking. No matter how powerful the British diplomacy is, it has its limits.

With the stone falling in his heart, Franz continued to write furiously and drafted a "Letter to the People of the British Isles".

As for the issue of declaring war, the 27th will be the 27th. No matter what, we cannot let the British take the lead.

...

Late at night, the Nanyang Daily editorial office was still brightly lit. Lauren Cromwell, the editor-in-chief, yawned and stood up to make herself a cup of instant coffee.

There is no way, journalists never have day and night. News editors, in particular, work night shifts much more frequently than day shifts.

News must be practical. In order to ensure that the newspaper is delivered to every reader who subscribes to the newspaper the next morning, printing can only be done in the middle of the night.

"The war has begun! Hurry, Mr. Lauren, hurry, reorganize the layout, we must publish it first..."

The excited and trembling voice attracted the attention of everyone in the editing room.

"Mr. Steve, calm down. We all know that war is about to begin. This time the country will not give in. The British cannot accept our conditions. War is inevitable.

This is a sample newspaper that has just been printed. We have already prepared it in advance. Based on the prediction, I believe there won't be much difference."

Lauren was still very optimistic about the young man in front of her. It's just that Steve's current performance makes him very disappointed.

The colonies have been at war for a long time, and today the government issued a 24-hour war directive to the British. There is no possibility of relaxation between the two sides.

Counting the time, I knew the war would start tomorrow. What's more, the Vienna government had already spread the word before this, and it was even published in newspapers, but it was just a different story.

After taking a breath, Steve hurriedly explained: "It's different, Mr. Lauren. Just now, the British government declared war on us, and the outbreak of all-out war has been brought forward." Upon hearing the news, everyone's faces immediately changed. Change. Fortunately, the news came in time and the newspaper had not been distributed yet, otherwise a big accident would have occurred.

When doing current affairs news, the most important thing is accuracy. Once the published news information is inconsistent with the reality, it will be a big accident.

If you don't say anything about your bad reputation, you may be reported by readers and investigated by the Information Agency.

Don't think that there are exceptions in the colonies. The Press Management Act of the Holy Roman Empire is common throughout the empire.

Of course, such misunderstanding of the time when the war broke out does not constitute a crime, it can only be regarded as insufficient rigor.

After hearing the news, before Steve could finish speaking, Lauren stepped forward, grabbed the telegram, and read it carefully.

After a moment, Lauren asked seriously: "Have you checked with the country and confirmed that only the British declared war on the 26th? We did not..."

Steve: "Don't worry, Mr. Lauren. I received this telegram. By the time, it was already midnight and early morning. Even if something happens, it will be on the 27th."

After a moment of relief, Lauren breathed a sigh of relief. There is no room for sloppiness in this kind of thing. Any omission may bring an eternal stain to your career.

"Well done Steve, fortunately you arrived in time, otherwise we would have been in big trouble.

The editorial department will revise and format the article again and come up with new manuscripts as soon as possible. We must make a big splash this time, I have a feeling what's coming next The newspaper sales will definitely explode.

Promotion is not guaranteed, but your bonus will definitely increase with the increase in newspaper sales."

This is true, and the newspaper will start printing a little later. In order to ensure that important news is not missed, we either need to stop and reprint and typeset, or publish additional columns.

It seems that it is the easiest to issue additional columns and you can get more money by selling them, but in fact it is not the case.

With the development of the times, all walks of life are full of competition, and newspapers are no exception.

The island of Sulawesi alone has more than 30 newspapers, large and small. It is not easy to survive.

The era of crude information provision has long since ended. Nowadays, when doing news, you must not only provide news content, but also provide good customer service.

In this context, opening a column is very particular. Not only must there be enough news content, but there must also be refreshing interpretations.

In a few hours, the newspaper will be sent out. After excluding printing time, there is even less time left for the editorial department.

It is almost impossible to produce a column that readers will buy into in such a short period of time.

Similar situations have not never happened. In order to ensure that important news is not missed, the usual choice is to scrap the previous printed newspaper, rearrange the format and print it again.

Due to productivity constraints, the cost of printing newspapers these days is not low. The losses incurred every time they have to start over are a pressure on the newspaper company.

In this context, journalists have a love-hate relationship with breaking news.

...

At the headquarters of the Holy Roman Empire's Nanyang Fleet, Admiral Forrest, the fleet commander, received the news earlier than the newspaper office.

Now that all-out war has broken out, the confrontation with the Royal Navy has also entered a new stage.

Before the outbreak of all-out war, I thought of looking for opportunities to make a sneak attack and kill the opponent's main fleet at once. Now I can't be so picky about food, and I can't let go of small fish and shrimps either.

There is no need to think about sneak attacks on Shenma for the time being. The birth of the airplane has changed the pattern of warfare.

When the enemy is on guard, it is simply impossible to hide from the enemy's reconnaissance aircraft and reconnaissance ships.

Unless you are brave and dare to sail overnight and risk getting lost or running aground on rocks, you can go directly to someone's door to launch a sneak attack.

Just think about it, Forrest would not gamble on the negligible chance of success with the Nanyang Fleet.

Holding the baton, he pointed at the map on the wall: "This is Cam Ranh Bay, one of the best ports in Asia, and the base camp of our opponent this time, the Royal Navy's Far East Fleet.

With the efforts of intelligence personnel, we Basically, the general situation of Cam Ranh Bay has been modeled, and I can only say that it is very pessimistic.

Perhaps it is because the Imperial Air Force's reputation is too great, which scared the British out of their courage. Now they attach great importance to air defense.

In Cam Ranh Bay, the British deployed There are two air force regiments and three air defense regiments. The specific armament is not detailed. There are about eighty fighter planes, at least fifty anti-aircraft artillery pieces, and several anti-aircraft machine guns.

This can all be detected on the surface, but secretly. There is no hiding, and it is still unknown for the time being. Although the performance of these weapons is not very good, they are still very threatening to fighters carrying out low-altitude bombing.

If it is normal times, this is naturally not a problem. As long as the achieved results are large enough , it is worth paying some losses.

The current situation is an exception. The Suez Canal has been interrupted. It will be difficult for us to obtain supplements from domestic sources for at least half a year in the future . The number of fighter aircraft in our hands is now one less. The aircraft carrier formation There are only about 300 active fighters plus reserve fighters in total.

It seems that we have more aircraft, but the aircraft carrier fighters are mainly bombers, and the number of real fighters is very small.

Once the battle starts, the British Air Force stationed in the surrounding areas will Reinforcements will also be carried out.

We must now re-examine whether it is worth using precious aircraft carrier fighters to exchange money with the enemy."

The reality is so cruel. No matter how superior the performance of the fighters in the aircraft carrier formation is, bombers are after all Bombers still have to be cool when encountering specialized fighters.

Coupled with the enemy's intensive anti-aircraft firepower, Cam Ranh Bay is clearly a dragon's pool and a tiger's den. If the raid fails and turns into a forceful attack, it is still unknown whether the aircraft carrier formation can sustain it.

In the event of heavy losses, the aircraft carrier fleet built by the Vienna government with a lot of money will be useless after a wave of losses.

You must know that this thing is used to deal with enemy warships, not for air combat. If we really want to fight in the air, that is the business scope of the Air Force.

Chief of Staff Ebert Gupostela: "Your Excellency Commander, the task given to us at home is to carry out sabotage and minimize the flow of materials from the Far East into the British Isles.

Compared with the vast empire, the British Isles are really too small. Small. Once outside supplies are removed, the war potential will be greatly damaged.

In this context, it is the British who are anxious to seek a decisive battle. As long as we block the Strait of Malacca, half of the task is completed.

As for how Solving the problem of the Royal Navy's Far East Fleet is not a matter of a day or two. As long as we stabilize the situation, we can slowly seek opportunities later."

Conservative or rigid?
No, this is rational.

War serves politics. If the Holy Roman Empire wants to win this war, the first thing it must do is cut off the supply of supplies to the British Isles.

As long as this strategic goal is achieved, success or failure on other local battlefields is not important overall.

All of them are serving this war. There is absolutely no intention to be cowardly. At most, they just respect their true intentions.

Rear Admiral Davidson: "Chief of Staff, you are right. It is the British who are anxious for a decisive battle now. If they delay, we will take Singapore first and lock the Strait of Malacca.

At the same time, the war to break diplomatic relations must also be carried out. Get started quickly. Our greatest advantage is our colonies all over Southeast Asia.

Once this advantage is brought into play, it will not be that simple for the British to transport supplies from the Far East to the British Isles.

If this happens In order to ensure the smooth flow of the coastline, the British Far East Fleet cannot even think of a decisive battle with us."

Passivity and initiative are very important, not only means the right to speak, but more importantly, they can influence the choice of the location for the decisive battle.

It is always more advantageous to fight at one's own doorstep than to go on an expedition to fight at someone else's doorstep. If you're lucky, even the Air Force can come out and join in the fun.

...

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1121 Fine-tuning the plan2021-01-16 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 The war really broke out, but the first reaction it brought to everyone was not shock, but a deep sigh of relief.

There is no way around it. The topic of hegemonic war has been hyped in newspapers for several months.

As if before a storm, the air was filled with a depressing atmosphere. In recent months, the European people have been living in a tense atmosphere, and their nerves have been aroused.

Now that the war has really broken out, everyone's tense nerves have finally relaxed.

The people's nerves are relaxed, but the nerves of governments around the world are highly tense. Especially if you need to gamble on France, Belgium, and the Netherlands, you won't dare to relax for a moment.

The city gate caught fire, affecting the fish in the pond. Too much has happened in history, and the politics of these days are really not friendly to small countries at all.

Although France is not a small country, it is not uncommon for the boss and the second child to fight in a decisive battle and accidentally kill the third, fourth, fifth, sixth... not only in shopping malls, but also in international competitions .

France, which is exhausted and injured, has not yet emerged from the shadow of the war, and now it simply cannot withstand the torment.

Unfortunately, most of the forward airfields of the Shinra Air Force are located in northern France, and the enemy's front headquarters is located in Calais.

It is only a few dozen kilometers away from the famous Dunkirk in later generations; the straight-line distance to the closest place to the British Isles is less than 70 kilometers.

To be able to sit firmly on the throne of the King of France without being driven out by others, Carlos is naturally not an ordinary person.

He may not have great talents or extraordinary internal affairs abilities, but Carlos still has the most basic strategic vision.

In recent years, the Holy Roman Empire has continued to build several military sites along the coast of France, clearly targeting the British.

Carlos has long been aware of the Shinra Air Force's plan to bomb the British Isles, or the strategy of bombing London.

If you just need to borrow a venue or need to provide logistical supplies, that's fine. The problem is that once the strategic bombing of the Shinra Air Force is launched, the British are bound to retaliate.

Carlos didn't know if the British Air Force could drop bombs on the mainland of Shinra. Anyway, there would be no pressure at all if the bombs were dropped on the mainland of France.

With the hit rate of aircraft bombings these days, even if they don't intentionally seek trouble, France will have to pay a heavy price just for destroying airports in coastal areas.

"Thirty years to the east of the river, thirty years to the west of the river."

Now the French government has lost its right to speak in the international community. There are only two choices left for them: either accept the situation happily; or have a gun put to their neck and force them to accept the reality.

At the Palace of Versailles, the slightly older Carlos asked: "How is the communication going? Does the Vienna government agree to increase our anti-aircraft firepower?"

It's not easy to be a king, especially the king of France. As if cursed, every French regime since the Revolution has been short-lived.

In less than a hundred years, the Bonaparte, Orleans, and Bourbon dynasties have all gone through it.

After finally succeeding in the restoration, Carlos naturally did not want to be driven out again. In order to consolidate his rule, Carlos has been working hard since he succeeded to the throne.

In addition to sorting out domestic affairs and cleaning up domestic messes, there have also been great breakthroughs in diplomacy.

Although it has not yet broken away from the shackles of the Vienna Peace Conference, it has eased relations with European countries, especially the relationship with the Vienna government.

Foreign Minister Pietro: "No, we were rejected again, but we still opened a loophole.

The Vienna government said that the Allies would protect our security. They did not think that the British army would carry out bombings deep inland. As long as they are along the coast It is enough to deploy regional defenses, there is no need to increase the anti-aircraft firepower of inland cities."

There is no doubt that this is obviously not a problem of anti-aircraft firepower. "Every injustice has its owner, and every debt has its owner." The protagonist of this hegemonic war is the Holy Roman Empire. France is just making up the numbers, and it is not worth targeting specifically.

Using the pretext of ensuring people's safety to demand increased anti-aircraft firepower is not only a real concern, but also a test of the Vienna system.

It is unrealistic to completely get rid of the shackles on your body. Any hint of ambition in this regard will bring disaster to fragile France.

But things still need to be done. If France wants to embark on the path of healthy development, it must first return to the order of a normal country.

It is a pity that the Vienna government is unwilling to let go. As vested interests, the anti-French alliance countries have no hope.

After thinking about it, Carlos sighed: "Forget it, it seems that now is not the time to talk about this. Let's look for opportunities after the hatred fades!
How is the communication with the British? Is it possible... "

Seeing the gloomy look on the Foreign Minister's face, Carlos knew that the outcome was not optimistic, and he naturally couldn't say anything else.

It makes sense to think about it. Judging from the hundreds of years of "traditional friendship" between Britain and France, stabbing each other with knives is a normal operation.

Just relying on the French government's reputation, it is unreliable to prevent British fighter planes from attacking the French mainland.

...

December 29, 1904, weather: sunny, wind force 2 to 3, heavy fog in London...

Looking at the information from the meteorological department, as Air Force General Marvin Antonio Chavez, at this moment His face was ashen.

It's true that it's good weather again, but it's a pity that the weather is only good in the "Calais area", and London is still full of smog.

In an area with visibility less than fifty meters, it is almost impossible to hit the target accurately.

In addition to the low hit rate, the bigger problem is the safety of the aircraft itself. Not only is it easy to get lost, but collisions are also possible.

Time waits for no one, the war has broken out. No matter how great the difficulties we are facing now, battles must be fought.

Admiral Malvern: "The core military ports of the British Isles are London, Liverpool, and Aberdeen. The main force of the Royal Navy's home fleet also docks at the above three ports.

Our bombing target this time is also the above three ports. It's just that in recent times, the weather in London has been too bad and the visibility is very low, which is not suitable for air force operations.

Considering the actual situation, the country decided to attack Liverpool and Aberdeen first, and as for the symbolic bombing of London That's it, there's no need to risk going deeper.

The relevant information was sent to each of you three days ago. Now we're starting to formulate a detailed battle plan, striving to...” It's impossible to do it hard. London has smog as a cover. , it is easy to bomb London, but it is very difficult to cause effective damage.

When the hit rate cannot be guaranteed, the only option is to pile up the quantity, but unfortunately the quantity cannot be obtained now.

The Shinra Air Force naturally has no shortage of personnel and aircraft. The problem lies in safety. High-altitude bombing is okay and is relatively less affected by smog; once it is flown at low altitude, it will be a tragedy. The aircraft may crash at any time and people may be killed.

Loss-making transactions cannot be made. In this context, the bombing target is temporarily changed. It is entirely appropriate to target other British port cities.

The first thing to be unlucky is naturally the military port. Being able to catch the Royal Navy and beat them up together, there is really no reason to refuse.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1122 Air Raid2021-01-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 The soft sunshine shines on the earth, and the warm atmosphere is intoxicating. On the pier, the sound of the ship's boiler was already ringing, and it was another busy day.

"Tom, you know? We are at war with the Austrians."

Everyone was already used to the man in gray's self-questioning opening remarks. The work on the dock is boring and boring, so you have to find some fun and relax.

Chatting is undoubtedly the cheapest way to spend time. It just so happened that there were so many people coming and going on the pier, and it was the most well-informed place, so there were a lot of topics to talk about.

Tom rolled his eyes and put the goods in his hands on his lap: "John, are you talking nonsense?

I also know that we are not only going to war with the Austrians, but also with all European countries. Starting from work today, the big shots Just talking, I'm not deaf.

But what does this have to do with us? You still have to work, do you want to join the army?"

In Britain, there is a threshold for "joining the army", not just the body Enlist in the army if you are strong and clean.

In peacetime, there are only so many lobster soldiers, so there is no need for large-scale recruitment; the navy has higher requirements, and illiterate people basically don't think about it.

Now that the war has broken out, the lobster soldiers have indeed begun to expand their recruitment, but now they will be used as cannon fodder.

At the same time, they start a war with the entire European continent. The Royal Navy is really not afraid of naval battles. In land battles, they will die wherever they hit.

Ordinary people may not be very knowledgeable, but they still have the most basic common sense.

"Tch!" John said disdainfully: "Tom, this is all you know. Do you think I'm a fool for joining the army at this time?"

After a pause for a few seconds, and seeing that Tom didn't reply, John said to himself: "Don't think that The war has nothing to do with us. Prices will definitely rise with the war.

Don't forget that we import millions of tons of agricultural products from the Holy Roman Empire every year. Now that they are suddenly gone, how can such a big gap be filled?
There is still war. At the same time, our trade with European countries will also be interrupted. It is estimated that the work on the dock will also be reduced in the future."

Nothing else matters. Prices will rise and there will be less work on the dock, but it will have a profound impact on In everyone's mind.

They all began to calculate how much food they could store in their homes; what else could they do next after the work on the dock was gone.

The more I thought about it, the more serious the problem became. For a moment, everyone's expressions became clouded, and their interest in chatting was lost.

Suddenly, a sharp whistling sound sounded, followed by an overwhelming swarm of aircraft.

Due to technology constraints, aviation fuel is also very expensive these days. If you have nothing to do, the British Air Force will never concentrate so many fighter planes on it.

The workers at the port had not yet reacted, but the Royal Navy stationed not far away noticed the problem.

I don't know who shouted "enemy attack", and then there was an overwhelming explosion in my ears.

Bricks, soil, tiles, and even human body parts were flying in the air, and cries, shouts, and cries for help were heard endlessly.

Looking down from the sky, there are only three colors left in the whole world: the azure blue of the sea, the gray-black splashing everywhere, and the eye-catching bright red mixed with it.

The scene that happened in front of him shocked Major General Winston on duty. After reacting, he immediately ordered: "Quick, order everyone to board the ship, set sail, and leave the port!"

Organize air defense?

This is the Port of Liverpool, located in northwest England, hundreds of kilometers from the nearest point on the European continent.

No one thought beforehand that this place would be attacked by air raids. Even if it is preparing for air defense, London is doing it.

However, the winter smog saved London. Liverpool, a port city that was considered safe, was severely hammered by the Shinra Air Force.

There was no way, who made them happen to be within the bombing coverage of the Shinra Air Force? If it were further away, such as Aberdeen in Scotland, it would escape due to distance.

If it were just the proximity, then Hastings and Margate, located in the Strait of Dover, less than a hundred kilometers away from the European continent, seemed more deserving of bombing.

Unfortunately, Hastings and Margate are both small rural places, more like larger towns than cities, and are not worth targeting specifically.

In contrast, Liverpool is different. Perhaps in later generations, London was the only one, and this port city was very inconspicuous; but now it is the core city of Britain, second only to London in importance.

As the commercial center of Britain and the second largest commercial port in the country, its foreign trade volume accounts for 1/4 of the country's total trade volume. Exports rank first in Britain, imports second only to London.

In addition to its prosperous commerce, it is also the manufacturing center of Britain, especially the shipbuilding industry, which ranks among the top three in the world.

However, this heavy industrial city is also one of the main bases of the Royal Navy. So many conditions came together to create today's tragedy.

It was impossible to count on air defense. With just a few anti-aircraft artillery pieces and a few anti-aircraft machine guns, it was simply unrealistic to deal with an overwhelming group of bombers.

Warships can run outside, and as long as they move, their survivability will greatly increase, but docks and ports cannot run away and can only stay in place as targets.

Telegrams asking for help have already been sent out. Now Major General Winston can only pray for God's blessing: the enemy's accuracy was not enough and he did not cause major damage to the port and shipyard.

Deep down in his heart, Winston had already greeted all the defenders and bureaucrats in the cities along the way.

Hundreds of enemy planes passed through the border without even issuing an early warning, which was clearly a dereliction of duty.

In fact, Major General Winston was wrong. The warning was issued, but it was sent to London, not Liverpool.

In the era before radar, air defense could only be seen with the naked eye or heard with the ears.

When the enemy plane was discovered, the enemy was already overhead. Not everyone is a strategist and can judge the enemy's strategic goals at a glance from the direction.

When an enemy plane is discovered and an early warning is issued after confirmation, bureaucrats also need reaction time.

Coupled with the time required for reporting at all levels, the time spent waiting for the London government to make a decision will not be faster than that of enemy aircraft.

If Major General Winston was willing to wait patiently, he might receive a telegram warning of an enemy attack in a while.

Of course, we may not be able to receive it this time, because at the same time that Liverpool was attacked by air raids, London also became a battlefield.

Although the existence of smog was not conducive to launching air strikes, bombing London was of great political significance, and whether it could achieve results was secondary.

As the capital of the British Empire, London's air defense capabilities are naturally not comparable to those of Liverpool, which is unprepared.

The air defense siren had been wailing for a long time, and along with the explosion of bombs and the roar of artillery, the whole city was plunged into chaos.

The impact of the haze is two-way. The Shinra Air Force cannot accurately locate the target below, so it simply relies on character.

Throw bombs down from super high altitudes, and whatever they explode doesn't matter. The outcome depends entirely on God's will.

Those in the sky cannot see the ground clearly, and those below cannot see the sky clearly. British anti-aircraft artillery and machine guns were also firing indiscriminately.

Estimating the results achieved, the losses caused by the falling shrapnel after the bomb exploded may not be as great as those caused to oneself.

But it's not possible without ejaculation. Everyone needs comfort in their hearts. What's more, only when the artillery shells are fired can it be proved that it is conducting air defense.

For the sake of survival, the British government has been forced to move into air-raid shelters to work. Originally, Prime Minister Campbell refused, but the enemy bombed too fiercely, and a shell happened to fall on the government office building.

Fortunately, the quality of the building was excellent. Only the top was damaged and the entire building did not collapse.

Probably the capitalists knew where this place was and did not cut corners, otherwise the British government would be destroyed.

Of course, the biggest contributor is the haze. Because of the low visibility, they were unable to accurately aim at the targets below. The Shinra fighters involved in the bombing were all equipped with ammunition that focused on the killing range and had limited lethality against single targets.

Once you have escaped one disaster, no one can guarantee that you will be able to escape the next disaster. In the face of the cruel reality, we have to move even if we don't want to move.

Definitely not because of fear, but mainly to ensure the smoothness of the British Empire's command system, everyone had to sacrifice their personal...

Entering the safe zone in disgrace, Campbell's mood was naturally not much better. He glanced at the Air Force Minister and asked sternly: "Where is our air force, and why hasn't it taken off to intercept it yet?"

Facing the Prime Minister's question, Air Force Minister Attilio explained helplessly: "The fog in London is too heavy, and the city's airports have long been closed. , our air force can only transfer to the airport in a nearby city.

The combat order was issued as soon as the air strike occurred. Our fighter planes have already begun to take off and are on their way."

There is no way, the winter in London is Such a trap. Under the thick fog, the plane flew out without any problem, but it was awkward when landing.

No matter how experienced the pilot is, there is no way to accurately find the airport and land in a world with visibility less than fifty meters.

As a last resort, the Air Force could only place airports in surrounding cities. There is no problem in normal times, but it becomes troublesome in war years.

Whether it is issuing an order or taking off to rush over, it takes time. Being able to reach the battlefield within an hour is high efficiency.

Every minute on the battlefield is precious, let alone an hour. After such a long time, the enemy had completed a round of bombing and fled.

Mainly due to lack of experience and lack of a complete early warning mechanism. But as for London's spooky weather, in an era without radar, it was really not that difficult to get early warning.

In the original time and space, German airships could fly over London, let alone airplanes now.

Although the actual lethality is not great, the mental damage caused is great! After such a twists and turns, it is estimated that the confidence of London citizens in the war will fall to the bottom.

Prime Minister Campbell said cautiously: "Order the Air Force to hit the enemy head-on at all costs. Let the Austrians know that London is not a place where they can come or leave whenever they want!"

...

The potential is huge . It was forced out. Under the forced order of the military department, the British Air Force exploded with unparalleled potential, completed the liftoff in the shortest time, and rushed to London as quickly as possible.

The Third Air Corps led by Colonel James was one of the best. As a representative of the British Air Force, it was the first to arrive over London.

However, what greeted him was not flowers or applause, but enemy planes rushing towards him.

There was no way, the military department's order was too urgent, and there was no time to assemble, so they rushed to London in a swarm.

The Third Air Corps, which was the closest and the fastest to respond, was in tragedy. After arriving on the battlefield, everything we could see was enemy planes.

"Fake!"

After an angry curse, Colonel James hurriedly ordered a retreat. Ten-man enemies are common, but a fighter that can defeat ten has not yet been born.

At least the Third Air Corps led by James does not have such strength. There's no shame in running away if you can't win. Anyway, the fog in London is thick enough, and the people below don't know what's happening in the sky.

It's a pity that it's too late. It takes time for the fighter plane to turn around when flying at high speed. In such a short time, the enemy's fighter plane was already approaching.

Seeing that there was nothing he could do, Colonel James immediately ordered: "The enemy's fighter planes are faster than ours and can't escape. Prepare to fight!" The confrontation began. Almost every British fighter plane was blocked by two or three Austrian planes. The siege was a tragic scene.

The whistling bullets rubbed past his ears. Colonel James, who had saved his life from death, saw that two fighter planes were missing from the team before he could breathe a sigh of relief.

Immediately afterwards, two waves of violent explosions were heard below. The power of a plane hitting a building is not comparable to that of ordinary bombs.

It is estimated that these should be the two most powerful blows since the air raid. Whether or not we achieve results depends on God's will.

Regardless of worrying about the compatriots below, Colonel James could only hope that his teammates would come faster, otherwise his Third Air Corps would be in disgrace.

The second round of confrontation has begun. There are more enemy fighters participating in the siege, but his teammates have not yet appeared. Colonel James is already filled with despair.

At the critical moment, the miracle did not appear. The absolute strength gap cannot be made up by luck, not to mention that Colonel James's Third Air Corps itself is not very lucky.

But if God shows any favor, they will not be the first to arrive and fall into the siege of the enemy.

After struggling for three rounds, in the fourth round, Colonel James's Third Air Corps had only the last two fighters left.

If you observe carefully, you will find that the outer shells of these two fighters are full of bullet marks. Being able to persist until now is entirely due to their excellent professional quality and avoiding fatal injuries.

At this moment, the shadow of his teammates finally appeared on the horizon, but Colonel James only felt depressed in his heart.

"Another one is going to die!"

Although he knew that he shouldn't think this way, his true thoughts were beyond the control of his own will.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1123 Heavy losses2021-01-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 There is a first time for everything. As the first true air battle in human history, the British paid an expensive tuition fee based on their strength.

The fueling tactic is only suitable for certain situations. If you do this in an air battle, you are obviously giving away your life.

Unfortunately, Britain never had experience in air combat. After the attack, the British government's first reaction was to dispatch the air force to intercept, without considering the issue of assembly at all.

Because of the different distances and different reaction speeds, the British fighter planes taking off from various airports finally arrived at the front line in batches.

The air battle continued. After paying a heavy price, the British Air Force finally assembled three-digit fighters on the field. Although they are still at a disadvantage, the battle is no longer one-sided.

The Shinra Air Force participating in the war has changed. Due to limited flight time, the previous batch of fighters have returned to rest and recuperate after completing their missions.

Unlike the first wave, which was dominated by bombers, almost all of the Shinra fighters in the sky now are fighters.

If we put it in the future, everyone will understand at a glance that today's bombing is over, and now it is directed at the main force of the British Air Force.

Anyway, we can't win a decisive battle now, so the most important thing now is to preserve our strength. Even if you really have to fight hard, you have to change the battlefield to a more favorable one.

Below is London, where every plane crash is a giant bomb, more lethal than any bomb in the world today.

To put it bluntly, the damage caused to London by the bombing was less than one-tenth of the damage caused by the crash of the plane in the air battle.

Obviously, the British government involved in this situation did not expect so much. At this moment, they have only one idea, which is to gather more fighter planes to keep the enemy behind and wash away today's shame.

As for the "loss" caused by this, the big shots who were full of anger could not care so much.

The anxious battle makes people feel irritated. The air battle did not stop for a moment, and everyone had to stay in the air raid shelter.

The order in London is getting out of control. Although the cabinet government has repeatedly issued orders to appease the people, it is still too difficult for the bureaucrats to work under the fire of the enemy.

When such a big thing happens, someone always needs to be held responsible. The battle in the sky is not over yet, and senior British government officials have begun to think about the aftermath.

"Your Excellency, Prime Minister, something bad has happened!"

The secretary's voice interrupted everyone's thoughts. Prime Minister Campbell, who was frowning, asked hurriedly: "Our air force was defeated?"

The war had reached London, and things were already going bad. If there is worse news, it must be that the Air Force was defeated in the air battle.

The enemy is the world's largest air force. As a qualified politician, it is natural to prepare for the worst in advance.

The defeat of the Air Force is the worst outcome that everyone has expected, bar none.

"No!"

After the habitual answer, the secretary quickly explained: "The battle in the sky is still going on. Although the losses are a bit heavy, our fighter planes are coming in a steady stream, and it is only a matter of time before we expel the enemy.

Just came from the Port of Liverpool News came that there was also an enemy air attack there, and the defenders requested to send fighter planes for support."

After hearing "the air battle continues," Prime Minister Campbell's nervousness eased slightly, and then he became nervous again.

In the context of the dominance of the Royal Navy, the British Air Force is only slightly better than the Army. The British government, which had never experienced an air war, did not expect what happened today.

If it weren't for the fact that the Holy Roman Empire had spent so much money on the air force and "based on the idea that what the enemy has, I also want to have", there would have been no air force at all .

It started late, but the domestic manufacturing industry fell behind in the second industrial revolution. The air force that followed the trend was naturally not as good as the Shinra Air Force.

Without the advantage of local combat, the air war would have failed long ago. The current situation is not much better. The fighters participating in the battle did not escape because they simply could not escape.

The overall performance of the aircraft cannot keep up. After close contact, it is impossible to get rid of the enemy and can only fight hard.

It happened that the military headquarters issued another death order. The people below did not understand the situation in the sky at all and just thought that the air force was fighting bravely.

These issues do not affect Campbell's decision now. London and Liverpool were attacked at the same time, and the British Air Force was unable to take care of both battlefields at the same time. It was obvious which end to focus on first.

After a brief thought, Prime Minister Campbell said in an artistic tone: "Tell the Liverpool defenders to organize their own air defense first, and reinforcements will arrive in the shortest time."

What is the "shortest time"? This is the first time in human history Another unsolved mystery that no one at home or abroad has ever figured out.

But it happens to be applicable to the current situation in Britain. If we don't give enough confidence to the people below, those guys in panic may even forget to organize resistance.

Although resistance is difficult to achieve under limited anti-aircraft firepower, it is better than nothing. Even if you only shoot down one enemy fighter plane, that is still a record.

After sending the secretary away, Prime Minister Campbell thought about it. The Prime Minister personally directed the military battle, which seemed to have gone astray.

Not every British Prime Minister is Mr. Churchill and is keen to participate in military command. At least Campbell has no interest in commanding military operations.

Unlike any previous war, this war now requires the joint and coordinated operations of the land, sea and air forces.

The first time anything happens is synonymous with trouble. This time is no exception. In addition to military command, political balance must also be considered.

It can be said that except for King Edward VII himself to serve as commander of the army, navy and air force, anyone will attract criticism.

The problem is that as the king, Edward VII, even if he is the king with real power, is only in name at most, and it is impossible for him to personally coordinate the joint operations of the three armies.

If it was a smooth battle, it would be enough to gain political achievements. It is estimated that Edward VII has jumped out and taken over the command of the three armies.

Unfortunately, the war had just begun, and Britain ushered in its darkest day, which deeply damaged everyone's confidence in winning the war.

Without certainty, the shrewd Edward VII would naturally not take the lead. Anyway, the daily work is presided over by the cabinet. Now if there is a problem, it is also the fault of the cabinet, and it is still the kind of thing that cannot be thrown away.

Realizing the seriousness of the problem, Prime Minister Campbell immediately decided to speed up the construction of the command system. After all, war is best left to professionals.

… The bombardment from the sky ended at the Port of Liverpool when orders from the London government arrived.

Major General Winston looked at the telegram and was heartbroken. Perhaps out of conscience or in order to shirk responsibility, the news of the air defense warning finally came through.

The order from the London government to organize local resistance came even later. There was nothing Major General Winston could do now except greet all the relatives of the relevant bureaucrats in his heart.

Their response speed is already very fast. According to normal procedures, the process alone will take at least a week. If it is slower, it may take up to half a year.

Acting in accordance with procedures is the consistent code of conduct for British civil servants and is free from any moral and legal accusations.

Although the bombing was over, the big shots at the Port of Liverpool still did not appear. Perhaps because they were too busy at work, or perhaps because they were too selfless, important officials from both the military and political circles signaled their subordinates to report to Major General Winston.

Major General Winston, who had not yet reacted, passively became Liverpool's apparent supreme commander in a daze.

Not only commanding the army, but also restoring order in the city, organizing people to save themselves...all the things to clean up the mess became his job.

Don't think this is a good thing. If nothing else, the anger of the citizens and the person primarily responsible for the air raid on Liverpool was also the unlucky Major General on duty.

At this point, it's too late to refuse. From the moment the first self-rescue order was issued, Major General Winston became everyone's recommended scapegoat.

There is no way, Liverpool is not only a commercial port, but also one of the most important military ports in Britain. As the military attache on duty, Major General Winston himself had unshirkable responsibility for this air raid.

If you have too many debts, your career will be ruined anyway, and there is no point in taking the blame for everyone.

Essentially, everyone is unlucky. There are so many cities in Britain that the HRE Air Force will not go to, but they chose Liverpool. Where can everyone go to reason?

Fortunately, London was with them. London, which had gathered many soldiers, suffered heavy losses. Liverpool, which had a weak force, suffered heavy losses, which is reasonable.

If we really want to hold people accountable, the British government will be the first to bear the brunt. In this context, the final result is probably "lift high and fall gently".

Major General Winston asked dutifully: "Has the loss statistics been calculated?"

The officer in charge of the summary replied: "Right now, we have only preliminary statistics on the losses of personnel, warships, shipyards, and port buildings. The losses in other aspects are still being counted. Among them.

If all goes well, the statistical work will be completed in two days. The specific loss data are as follows: a total of 1,287 dead, including 49 officers and 757 soldiers of the army; a total of 5,176 injured, including 276 officers and 1,186 soldiers.

Most of the losses of officers and soldiers were concentrated in the navy, mainly because warships were the focus of the enemy's attack. Although we had left the port in time, the damage caused by the early attack was still huge.

The sunken warships included 2 cruisers and 3 destroyers, 4 torpedo boats, and 7 auxiliary warships; even more were damaged. More than half of the warships, including the two dreadnoughts, suffered losses to varying degrees. The shipyards suffered even greater losses, with several The dock suffered heavy damage. The three dreadnoughts under construction in the dock were all destroyed, and various infrastructure losses were countless.

Most of the civilian casualties occurred in the dock. When the bombing broke out, the dock was under construction, and many people were injured. Before he could react, he was buried by the collapsed factory building.

..."

Rao was mentally prepared, but after hearing the specific loss figures, Major General Winston remained silent.

The Royal Navy's losses were matched by a major battle. Although there are only a few warships that have sunk, there are many warships that have been injured!

Repairing warships takes time, especially when the shipyard is severely damaged. If you want to repair it, you have to go to other areas.

Relying on his professionalism, Rear Admiral Winston made a judgment that it would take at least half a year for the Royal Navy fleet staying in Liverpool to recover.

Not to mention the shipyard, the warships can still run away, but they stay in place and allow the enemy to bully them. It will probably take several months just to clean up the ruins.

In comparison, the damage to other infrastructure was not significant. It can be seen that the enemy is well prepared and has even selected the attack target in advance.

After calming down, Major General Winston said coldly: "Compile the losses as soon as possible and send them to the London government. By the way, do we have an air defense warning system?"

Taking the blame, but there are things that can reduce one's responsibility. , still must be done.

When encountering an enemy air attack, not receiving advance warning is the best excuse to shirk responsibility.

Even though they were warned, they could not change the final outcome. But this does not prevent Major General Winston from speaking out.

… Liverpool was lonely after the war, and the damage caused by the war could not be summed up simply by a few cold numbers on paper.

What's more, bureaucrats have always had a tradition of artistic processing. The bombing ended in just a few hours, so how could they accurately calculate all the losses?
In addition to the warships and shipyards that were the focus of attention, station overpasses, platforms, and railway tracks were blown to pieces, and the ground was covered with charred and mutilated corpses.

On the pier, Tom, who was lucky enough to escape, wiped the nervous sweat on his forehead with his sleeves and looked up at the red sun shining on the red land, which was so bright that he couldn't open his eyes.

The war left behind blood, loneliness, destroyed homes, and pain that can never be repaired.

The workers who were chatting just now were now left with broken walls and limbs all over the floor, and painful moans could be heard from time to time.

Tom ignored it, not because he was unsympathetic, but because his ability was limited and he couldn't help at all.

I have to admit that there are really three levels of people. The big shots are precious, and even if they only scratch their skin, a large number of medical staff will follow them; while the lives of the people at the bottom are like nothing, and no one will care about them even if they are seriously injured and on the verge of death.

Don't ask why, just ask: We have tried our best, but medical resources are insufficient, and it is difficult for a skilled woman to make a meal without straw.

After making sure it was safe, Tom climbed up from the ground and looked over as he spoke. The person who was shouting in pain was the John who had just been chatting and arguing with him.

At this moment, John no longer had the same grace as before. The collapsed cargo hit his lower body heavily, and the ground was already covered in blood and flesh.

After hesitating for a moment, Tom took back his steps and hurried home.

It's not that Tom is indifferent, it's that he can't even take care of his own family, so he doesn't have the capital to meddle in his own business.

Even though John was only injured in his lower limbs, as long as he was rescued in time and sent to a hospital for treatment, it didn't seem difficult to save his life.

But for dock workers at the bottom, ordinary colds and fevers can make life difficult, let alone serious physical injuries.

Expensive medical expenses are enough to crush an ordinary family. John couldn't afford it, and Tom couldn't afford it either.

If the person is really saved, it may not be a good thing for John's family. Either break up the family or witness the ugliness of human nature.

For the people at the bottom, when encountering such a thing, it is better to have a happy ending.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1124 Dilemma2021-01-18 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 In the evening, the results of the day's bombing had been compiled into documents and sent to the Vienna Palace.

Of course, due to the conditions on the battlefield, it is impossible to accurately count the enemy's losses. There will definitely be some discrepancies between this report and the actual situation.

The error is only a minor problem, the key is that the air strike was successful. Looking at the battle report in his hand, Franz strongly suspected that the top brass of the British military were all Shinra spies.

Air defense is a joke. This is no longer a problem of loopholes. Instead, it seems to deliberately open the door to let the Shinra Air Force in.

London was a little better. Although the air raid was not detected in advance, anti-aircraft firepower still existed. If the fog hadn't been too heavy, we might have achieved quite a result.

It was embarrassing in other places. The Shinra Air Force air raided Liverpool and passed through so many towns along the way that they couldn't see the anti-aircraft artillery.

Of course, it is also possible that the defenders below were timid and simply pretended not to see it for fear of provoking the enemy and setting themselves on fire.

It's okay if they didn't fire. At any rate, they sent an emergency telegram to their colleagues to remind them so that everyone could be prepared.

Nothing else can be guaranteed, but at least the Royal Navy can go to sea in advance. As long as the large fleet is not assembled, there is no need for an overhead threat at all.

There is no problem in dispatching aircraft from all over the country to participate in the war. Britain is only such a big place anyway, and it is fighting on its own soil, so there is no need to consider the issue of returning.

But participating in a war means participating in a war. No matter what, you have to wait until the main force is assembled before going to the battlefield!

Blindly rushing for time, and those who arrive at the battlefield first will join the battle first. This is really not what ordinary people can think of.

Since it was a kill tactic, the results were naturally astonishing. If it had not been for the passive completion of the assembly during the rotation of the Shinra Air Force, I am afraid that the British Air Force would have been completely defeated.

Although they are not completely defeated now, heavy losses are still necessary. It was confirmed that 376 enemy aircraft were shot down, and countless others were injured.

The air battle achieved a brilliant victory, and the bombing also achieved impressive results. The British military stronghold of Liverpool Port was severely beaten. Regardless of the sunk warships, the key was the damage to the shipyard.

The shipyard can be rebuilt and equipment can be repurchased, but the loss of engineers and skilled workers is permanent.

These days, the average life expectancy is less than fifty, there is no such thing as retirement, and re-employment naturally does not exist.

Of course, the British family has a big business and still has a talent pool. The worst case scenario is poaching people from other small shipyards, but building warships is different from building commercial ships, and a running-in period is definitely indispensable.

It takes time to repair the shipyard, and it takes time to train skilled workers. It only takes a year or two to add up, so don't even think about it.

It's not that it can't be faster. If competitors are willing to help, we can still improve the progress. But this possibility is almost as high as the chance of human beings entering a harmonious society.

Of course, today's bombing is not safe. It is best for the Air Force to visit for a few more days to consolidate this hard-won victory.

The bombing of London was very Buddhist in comparison. There is no strategic goal, just a bombardier feel.

Thick fog covered the sky and covered the ground, making it impossible to see the ground clearly. Statistics of the results could only rely on the efforts of the British government.

Compared with the glorious results, Franz was more satisfied with the losses. During the daytime operation, the Shinra Air Force paid a total price of 27 fighter planes crashing and 79 fighter planes being damaged to varying degrees.

Among the downed fighters, except for 3 bombers, the rest were fighters, and 5 of them were box lunches picked up on the way back.

Such an exchange ratio can be said to be a miracle in military history. The only regret is that miracles don't happen often. After suffering such a big loss, the British will definitely learn a lesson and cannot expect their enemies to be stupid all the time.

"The Air Force's performance is good, and we will continue to work hard. However, the bombing battlefield needs to be expanded. All cities within the coverage of the Air Force are bombing targets. The bombing of London was changed to a feint attack. Before the British recovered, Try to trap and kill the effective forces of the British Air Force as much as possible to cover the bombing of other areas."

I have to admit that London is a good place. Although it is impossible to lock on ground targets because of the haze, the enemy's ground anti-aircraft firepower is also destroyed by the haze.

This means that the HRE Air Force, which is on an expedition, can have a fair fight with the British Air Force fighting on the mainland.

If we don't take advantage of the current opportunity to kill as many of the British Air Force's effective forces as possible, this good life will be over once winter ends.

To put it bluntly, they are still taking advantage of the arrogance of the British. The people cannot tolerate the HRE Air Force running wild overhead while the government does nothing.

As long as the British Air Force is disabled, the subsequent battle will be easier to handle. The three German empires all dared to play the "Sea Lion Project", and Shinra, which has greater advantages, can also follow suit.

In the original time and space, the British Air Force was able to defeat the strong with the weak, but that does not mean that it can do so now. You know, American aunts these days are still playing in the mud and have no ability to transfuse blood at all.

Now that the main force of the British Air Force is attracted to London, bombing other areas is simple. Although London is the core of the British Isles and other areas are leftovers, Franz does not dislike it at all.

If it were not for the fact that the air force could not cover the entire British Isles, Franz would definitely order bombs to be dropped on every city.

Not trying to kill the enemy, just trying to scare people.

As long as people in Britain are confused, the battle ahead will be easy to fight. Now the air force cannot cover the entire British Isles, but it can still cover half of the cities.

As long as we can secretly guide the citizens of so many cities to start a riot and demand the London government to organize air defense, it will be fun to watch.

Air Force Minister Conrad said in embarrassment: "Your Majesty, there is no problem in continuing to bomb the British Isles, but it is probably a bit difficult to trap and kill the main force of the British Air Force.

During the day's fighting, we had severely damaged the British Air Force. According to the comparison between the data collected on the front line and previous intelligence, the British Air Force has lost one-quarter of its fighter planes, and perhaps less than half of the fighters will be able to continue on the battlefield tomorrow.

After suffering such a big loss today, the British will definitely learn from their experience and they will not make the same mistake a second time.

If the British study carefully, they will find that our bombing did not have a great impact on London. On the contrary, the air battle caused greater damage.

After calming down, I'm afraid the British Air Force will simply give in. Even if the people exert pressure, they will only provide symbolic resistance.

Then, he calmed down and slowly accumulated strength, waiting for the opportunity. "

No matter how good the plan is, the enemy must be willing to cooperate. The attack was too harsh during the day, which directly damaged the vitality of the British Air Force.

If the British Air Force does not learn from the lesson and continues to choose to fight head-on with the Shinra Air Force, it may not be possible. How long will it take before even the establishment will be destroyed?

After thinking for a moment, Franz said coldly: "Then find a way to continue to stimulate them. The British's arrogance cannot be exhausted after one failure.

If that doesn't work, they drop leaflets on the British Isles and let the British people make the decision for them.

I don't care how you fight, within the next month, at least 20,000 tons of bombs will be dropped on the heads of the British. "

It won't work if we don't work hard. Bombs also have a shelf life. The Vienna government has been preparing for this war for too long, and the ammunition reserves are too much.

If there are not Russians as takeovers, there is still an international market for dumping, I'm afraid that just the expiration of weapons and ammunition is a big problem.

There is no way, the plan can't change quickly. The Vienna government's original plan was prepared for the worst case scenario, that is: the British roped in France, Russia and other countries to besiege the Shinra.

What a stir-up Diplomacy is indeed powerful, but they are men, not gods, and they cannot reverse the overall situation.

With the efforts of the Vienna government, not only did the worst case not happen, but the situation went to the other extreme.

The enemies who were originally on guard have now become allies. So The ammunition previously reserved for the French and Russians can now only be borne by the British family.

As for the Oceanic Alliance created by the British, Emperor Franz said that he could not see it. Anyway, it is out of reach now and he wants to find these guys. Bad luck also happened after the war.

...

It was another sleepless night in London. The bombing during the day refreshed many people's understanding and deeply touched everyone's nerves.

"It turns out that the Royal Navy is not omnipotent. London Not safe either! "

What followed was endless anger. The enemies threw bombs overhead, and the government could not be seen to do anything. It was clearly dereliction of duty and incompetence. Fortunately,

the fog was thick enough and ordinary people did not see the air battle during the day. Otherwise, everyone would be so angry at this moment. We have to go to the next level.

Once bitten by a snake, we will be afraid of well ropes for ten years.

The excitement during the day is so great that the British cabinet government is still working in the air-raid shelter. If the space is not big enough, everyone and their families are probably together Brought in.

Since you can't bring it in, you can only send it out. London is very lively at the moment, and the dark night cannot stop everyone's enthusiasm for moving.

From princes and nobles to ordinary people, as long as conditions permit, now I'm running to the countryside.

There is no way *** London is no longer suitable for living. The smog is already enough for everyone, but now there are bombs falling from the sky. Don't worry about air defense, the power of a plane falling is much greater than the power of an enemy bomb explosion. . No one can withstand the iron dumplings in the sky. I have never experienced bombing, and the air defense facilities are almost zero. Even the air raid shelters used by the cabinet government are made from basements.

For the sake of life, everyone is unanimous Decided to run away. No matter how rampant the enemy's planes were, they couldn't bomb the countryside. It was not enough gas money.

Those who were forced to stay were also panic-stricken. I only regretted that my net worth was not enough and I had to stay to make a living.

Others can run away, but government officials cannot. If they also leave, I am afraid that the order in London will soon be completely out of control.

Looking at the compiled battle report, Campbell almost fainted. This is no longer a matter of heavy losses; It involves the outcome of the war.

Witnessing the power of the air force in person, Campbell's confidence in the Royal Navy has also been shaken.

The English Channel is only a small distance. Once air superiority is lost, no one can guarantee that the enemy will not force a landing.

God Luo Haijun's strength is not weak, and there are navies from various European countries to help. If coupled with the cooperation of the air force, can the Royal Navy really withstand it?
At least the Royal Navy stationed in Liverpool told him with practical actions: Facing the threat from the sky The enemy was powerless.

After forcing himself to calm down, Campbell asked cautiously: "If we were prepared in advance, would the Air Force have the ability to protect the safety of the British Isles? "

As if his soul was being tortured, Attilio, as the Minister of the Air Force, was speechless for a moment.

If it were before today, he would definitely say "yes"; but the facts are in front of him. If you say "can" at this step, you don't know what it means.

After hesitating for a while, Attilio said slowly: "It's difficult! The battle during the day proved the strength gap between the two sides. Our boys were very brave, but the performance gap between the fighter planes was too great.

Everyone has also seen the battle report. In just one day of confrontation, more than a quarter of our fighter planes crashed, and nearly half of the fighter planes needed major repairs.

At this point, the Air Force has essentially been exhausted and needs to rest and recuperate. It is not suitable to fight the enemy again in the short term.

If I had prepared in advance, I can only say that the battle would not have been so one-sided. To defeat the enemy, we need more and more advanced fighters. "

This answer did not surprise everyone, but the result is still very frustrating.

The facts are before our eyes, this is an unequal battle. The Air Force's failure is not only due to the poor performance of the fighter jets, but also to the tactical application and battlefield response. None of them are qualified.

The only advantage is probably that they are brave enough and no one escapes. Of course, this cannot be considered brave, because everyone who escapes has met God. The aircraft performance cannot keep up, which is such a tragedy. Even if you want to escape, you will not be able to escape. You can't outrun the enemy.

There is still a glimmer of hope in the battle. If you turn around and run away, you will leave your back to the enemy and let the enemy shoot him.

Even in the later stage, the British fighter planes had an advantage in numbers, but they still did not change the situation of being passively beaten. situation.

The main reason is that the coordination between the fighters is not in place. Although there are more aircraft, they are at a loss on the battlefield.

If these problems are not solved, it is simply a dream to make a comeback. But the reality is that it is easy to find problems. It is difficult to solve the problem.

Whether it is the performance of fighter aircraft or the accumulation of tactics, it takes time to build up, and it cannot be made up overnight.

Prime Minister Campbell: "For the problem of aircraft, the government can try its best to find a solution. Domestic factories are really working overtime to rush production. , other problems need to be solved by the military itself.

Rest..."

The words suddenly stuck on his lips. There was no way, and Prime Minister Campbell didn't have the confidence to make random promises.

The atmosphere in the room became depressed again, and no one was optimistic about the current situation. No one was Thinking of it, an air battle put Britain into an embarrassing situation.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1125: Battle of Malacca2021-01-19Author : Xin Haiyue 1 The situation on the battlefield was bad, and the situation at home was even worse. Opposition parties, parliamentarians, experts and scholars... there is no one who does not criticize the government now.

If it were in peacetime, I guess the protest marchers would have flocked to the government to ask for an explanation by now.

There is no need to worry tonight, because everyone is busy moving and can't think about seeking their bad luck for the time being.

There will probably be no trouble tomorrow. Based on the current situation, it is speculated that as long as there is no violent storm tomorrow, the enemy's fighter planes will visit again.

No matter how resentful everyone is towards the government, they will not go out to protest with bombs on their heads.

If it really makes any noise, it's a living target. There is no saying these days that civilians cannot be harmed. What everyone likes most now is to throw bombs into crowded places.

Of course, the London bombing was an exception. Limited by natural conditions, the Shinra Air Force was forced to launch indiscriminate attacks.

Although they had escaped disaster for the time being, everyone was not happy at all. Because the longer you hold it in, the more violent it will be when it explodes in the future.

After a while, Finance Minister Asquith broke the silence: "The people are looking at the government. The enemy has dropped the bomb above our heads. If we don't take practical actions to fight back, I'm afraid we won't be able to explain this time." Yes."

Feeling the expectant gazes of everyone, Attilio became more and more embarrassed. He also thought about "revenge", but the problem was that his strength did not allow it!
Seeing that he couldn't escape, Attilio said helplessly: "Don't look at me. The air force can't bomb Vienna. It can't even drop a bomb. The enemy's air force takes off from the coastal airports in Europe. London is very close, but Vienna is far in the interior of Europe, thousands of miles away from Britain.

This distance has long exceeded the coverage of our air force. If we really want to retaliate, we can send symbolic fighter planes to sneak attack on the enemy. coastal cities.

It is really not possible, bombing cities such as Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, etc. is barely possible."

This is a sad topic. It doesn't matter if you can't touch the enemy's capital. Even if you want to sneak attack on the enemy's coastal cities, you must be cautious and don't dare to send out the main force.

After all, the enemy on the opposite side is the world's largest air force. Britain does not have a complete air defense early warning system, which does not mean that the enemy does not have one either.

If the enemy discovers it in advance, another wave of heads will be sent to them. It can only be said that the battle during the day scared Attilio, the Air Force Minister, out of his heart, and his cautious mentality once again took over .

Even if you want to retaliate, you have to choose an area where the enemy's troops are weak. There is no doubt that a day trip to the airspace of France, Belgium and the Netherlands is far safer than wandering around the HRE.

Foreign Minister Adam: "No, although the three countries of France, Belgium and the Netherlands are our enemies now, they were all forced to join the Continental Alliance and were not of the same mind as the Vienna government. Although the three countries are currently participating in the war, in fact they are just HRE The Air Force has provided the airport and some strategic supplies, but has not yet sent troops in any real sense.

Now bombing their capitals will certainly put pressure on the Vienna government, but it will also completely force the three countries to oppose us.

If it is just these three countries, the key is It would also trigger a chain reaction and arouse the hostility of other member states of the Continental League.

With the consistent style of the Vienna government, they would definitely not give up such an opportunity. If they were allowed to take the opportunity to integrate the European countries, then this war would not have to be fought. "

It seems that two major camps are competing for hegemony, but in fact only Britain and HRE are actually taking action. The remaining alliance countries are either waiting and watching, or waiting for opportunities.

If these countries are really stimulated and forced to take full action, the situation in Britain will be even worse. Not to mention anything else, India's defense war started first.

No, the defense war in India has already started, but the battlefield is still a little far away from India and there is no threat for the time being.

Army Secretary Marcus: "Adam is right, the current situation is very unfavorable to us, and it is really not suitable to provoke other countries.

This war is not limited to Europe, Africa and Asia are the main battlefields. Also today, the enemy is also We launched a full-scale attack on Persia and Indochina, and it was clearly aimed at India.

Now the front lines are asking for reinforcements everywhere. Even if we expand the army to one million and the colonial troops to three million, it is still not enough. Judging from the current situation, if we want to defend our overseas colonies, we need at least two million regular troops and five million colonial troops."

After hearing this appalling number, everyone felt dizzy, as if they had been touched by the soul. Impact.

Two million regular troops + five million colonial troops, this is completely refreshing the upper limit of military strength in human history.

Even during the Continental War, no one family raised an army of seven million. This was clearly challenging everyone's three views.

"Don't look at me like that. This number is the final result determined by the Ministry of War after careful study and analysis of data collected. I can give you a calculation: an optimistic calculation, to maintain the security and stability of the mainland, especially Ireland. The stability of the region requires at least 500,000 regular troops; the Cape of Good Hope, a key military strategic location, the Ministry of War plans to arrange for 100,000 regular troops and 200,000 colonial troops to be stationed in batches according to actual needs;

East Africa has a slightly lower strategic position. But the area is vast. The Ministry of War plans to arrange for 200,000 regular troops and 600,000 colonial troops to be stationed. If necessary, it can consider abandoning it;

Indochina..."

It's not that I don't know, but I was shocked by the calculation. Even though there are seven million troops, that many troops are really needed on the battlefield. If you want to counterattack, even this number is far from enough.

There is no way, the combat effectiveness cannot keep up, the only way is to use the number of people to make up. If you include reserves, supplementary corps, etc., I am afraid that the number of British armed forces will directly exceed 10 million.

Maintaining such a huge armed force makes people feel numb just thinking about it. Although the British family has a great cause, everyone also feels that it is difficult.

After a moment of silence, Interior Minister Azevedo took the lead and said: "This war belongs to the entire Ocean Alliance, and we cannot be the only one to contribute. I propose to mobilize the power of allies and let everyone share the pressure."

Mobilize the power of allies . , the British government has already done this. After all, everyone is the master of not letting go of the hawk before seeing the rabbit, so just shouting a few times is fine, but if you want everyone to work hard without enough benefits, there is no chance.

There is no way. In the past few hundred years, the British government has written too many bad checks that have not been cashed. Now everyone is on guard.

Without implementing concrete interests in advance, countries will simply not be fooled. The most important thing is that Britain is not strong enough now to give everyone enough confidence.

Especially after today's air raid. For a boss who can't even guarantee the safety of his own homeland, it's even harder for everyone to follow him and work hard.

Even though he knew that there was no way out now that he was standing in line, selfishness still couldn't be eliminated.

...

Singapore, at almost the same time as the news of the declaration of war came, the Shinra Navy came over and were greeted by the defenders who were waiting for them.

As an important place guarding the Strait of Malacca, the British have been operating in Singapore for decades and naturally cannot give up easily.

Rows of super-large-caliber shore artillery are the defenders' greatest confidence. As soon as the Shinra Navy emerged from the horizon, they encountered an overwhelming barrage of artillery shells.

The startled Admiral Forrest hurriedly ordered: "Order the fleet to stop advancing, and the bombing brigade will take off immediately to target the enemy's shore artillery."

It is definitely a loss-making business to bombard warships and shore artillery. If it was before, then it goes without saying that in order to achieve strategic goals, no matter how big the loss is, it can only affect the scalp.

Things are different now. The emergence of aircraft carriers has changed the pattern of naval warfare. There is a mobile bombing fortress, so there is no need to continue to fight head-on.

When shore artillery encounters bombers, the result is self-evident. Bombs falling from the sky instantly broke the situation on the island.

The once impregnable defense line was now like a piece of paper, easily broken by the enemy's bombing.

Colonel Burks, who was stationed in Singapore Harbor, was no longer as elegant as before. He roared almost like a roar: "Immediately organize air defense, and activate the anti-aircraft artillery and machine guns. The shore artillery that has not been locked by the enemy should be concealed immediately. , be faster...

Signal Corps, Signal Corps, where did you die?"

I saw a young man running over immediately. Before he got close, Colonel Burks scolded: "What are you running around about? Don't hurry up and send power to the Far East Fleet.

Tell Admiral Michel that we are under siege by the enemy. The situation is very critical and we need reinforcements and reinforcements!"

Don't panic. Singapore Port has been peaceful for decades, and the island is mostly populated by immigrants. On weekdays, Not even indigenous conflicts are encountered here.

It can be said that there has been no war since the garrison was established. It was precisely because Singapore Harbor was safe enough and relatively wealthy that Colonel Burkes was brought over by his family to be gilded.

Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly. The Port of Singapore, which had been peaceful for decades, ushered in a war immediately after Birx took office.

Originally, Colonel Burks had a chance to leave, but he thought he was familiar with military science and insisted on staying to guard Singapore for the Queen.

To this end, a "perfect" defense plan was also formulated. The rows of shore guns were completed under the leadership of Colonel Burks.

Unfortunately, he considered the threat from the sea but ignored the threat from the sky. After witnessing a huge cannon being disabled by enemy bombing, Colonel Burks panicked.

After all, he graduated from a military academy and has some military background. He just hesitated for a moment and reacted immediately.

In the distance, Admiral Forrest was looking with a telescope, his eyes were showing admiration at this moment, and from time to time he was saying something in a voice that only he could hear.

As time went by, the enemy's shore artillery gradually became mute. Either it was damaged by bombing, or it was to hide its location. In short, now only the sea is calm.

The adjutant on the side reminded: "Your Excellency, Commander, the enemy's firepower has been suppressed, and we can launch a landing operation."

The conditions for the landing operation were met, and Admiral Forrest waved his hand: "No hurry, we There is plenty of time.

The enemy's telegram for help has just been sent out. The Far East Fleet has probably not set off yet. We have captured Singapore so quickly. What if they don't come?"

The tactics of ancient and modern times, both at home and abroad, are actually similar. Holy Rome Although the empire does not have the allusion of "encircling a point and calling for reinforcements", the tactic of "encircling a point and calling for reinforcements" still exists.

The reason for rushing to attack Singapore Harbor was to attract the Far East Fleet to come for a decisive battle. Just look at the map and you will know that starting a war in the Strait of Malacca is very beneficial to the HRE Navy.

Next door is our own colony. The Air Force has already coordinated with them. An Air Force Division has completed its assembly, and now they are waiting for the Far East Fleet to come over and be beaten.

Against this background, the Port of Singapore cannot be captured at once. If the British were not given hope, the Far East Fleet would not come over for a decisive battle!

Admiral Forrest had already planned to kill the British Far East Fleet before heading towards the Indian Ocean to poke the British in the eye.

Regardless of whether the final plan was successful, as long as the British Far East Fleet was eliminated and the war was carried to the Indian Ocean, it would be a strategic success.

...

Those who count others will always count them.

The Shinra Navy is planning the Far East Fleet, and the British are also not idle. At this moment, the Far East Fleet is no longer in Cam Ranh Bay, and is even less than 200 nautical miles away from Malacca.

After receiving the telegram from the defenders asking for help, General Michel did not panic at all, but showed a sarcastic smile.

Then he asked the officer approaching: "How far away is the Japanese navy from us, and how long will it take to join us?" The Shinra Navy wanted to lure the Far East Fleet to a decisive battle in the Strait of Malacca by besieging Singapore. This was a conspiracy in itself. Of course, I can't hide it from General Michel.

As long as Britain wanted to keep the Malacca route, this battle was inevitable. Even before the war broke out, both sides had anticipated it.

In Michelle's view, as long as one's own strength is strong enough, even if the battlefield choice is somewhat unfavorable, the strength can still be used to make up for it.

In order to ensure the safety of the Malacca Strait, Michel decided to resort to tricks when he was unable to lure out the main force of the HRE Navy.

In order to ensure victory in the war, Michel did not hesitate to ask for huge profits from the Japanese, and prepared to gather the power of the two navies to seize control of the sea in the Nanyang region in one fell swoop.

"There is still a distance of about 50 nautical miles. According to the current speed of both sides, they will be able to catch up with us at noon tomorrow."

After glancing at the telegram in his hand, Admiral Michel said slowly: "The pressure on the defenders is very high. Big, we can't waste too much time on the road.

The decisive battle time may be advanced. Let's urge the Japanese to speed up and try to join us as soon as possible."

...

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 1126 Strategic Priority In the2021-01-20Author : Xin Haiyue 1 vast blue ocean, waves kept coming, hitting the warship, making a roar of earth-shattering, and spraying waves several meters high.

Under the impact of the waves, the warship began to shake, and the people on the plywood could no longer stand firmly. If we weren't all experienced, we might have already gone to the sea to feed the fish by now.

In the command room, General Ito Yuhiro was drinking coffee calmly, as if the storm in the outside world did not exist.

For those who have been at sea all year round, wind and waves have become a part of everyone's life. As long as they do not threaten the safety of the fleet, it is not a big deal and worth making a fuss about.

Staff officer Akiyama Shinyuki: "Your Excellency, Commander, there is an urgent telegram from the British. Please read it."

As he spoke, he handed over the document respectfully, showing perfect etiquette.

Putting down the coffee in his hand, he casually took the document, and after briefly scanning it, General Ito Yuhiro closed his eyes and muttered to himself: What is supposed to come will come.

Then he asked: "Where are we now?"

In sea navigation, determining the position is also a science. In this era without GPS positioning, we rely entirely on traditional tools to guide the direction, which is impossible without rich navigation experience.

Especially since they were still sneaking quietly this time, they had to avoid the enemy's eyes and ears. Traditional routes could not be taken at all, which made it even more difficult.

Akiyama Shinyuki replied: "We are almost near the Anambas Islands. We are not far from the meeting point with the British." After thinking for a while , General Ito Yuhiro ordered: "The enemy is attacking Singapore. It's time for the decisive battle. It's time to go ahead. Pass the order and order the fleet to speed up."

His hands are short to take people, but his mouth is soft to eat people. After working behind the British boss's back for so many years, now it's time to work hard.

Of course, the most important thing is to be forced into helplessness. Russia and Austria are traditional allies, which means that Japan, which is at war with the Russian Empire, cannot get close to it.

In a sense, Japan's fate has long been bound to the British. Although it is not possible to achieve both prosperity and prosperity, there is still a possibility of both losses and losses.

In the unfortunate event that the British were defeated, Japan, even if the Vienna government did not liquidate the war and did not have the support of the great powers, could not defeat the Russians.

This time going south, the Japanese navy is not only fighting for the British, but also fighting for the Japanese Empire, so now it is impossible not to work hard.

I have to admit that the Japanese are indeed talented in sneak attacks. The fleet has entered the Southeast Asia and has not been discovered by the Continental Alliance.

In comparison, the British are much worse in this regard. Not long after the Far East Fleet set off, news leaked out, otherwise the Battle of Singapore would not have broken out so coincidentally.

Of course, not being taken seriously is also an important factor. After all, the British Far East Fleet is always being watched, but the Japanese Navy is not taken seriously at all.

Luck will always run out. After all, the Nanyang region is the sphere of influence of the Continental Alliance. If you can escape the first day of the lunar month, you can't escape the fifteenth day.

Just as the Japanese navy accelerated, Hans, who was driving the reconnaissance plane, swore: "God, look what we found?" The exaggerated expression scared Leo in the co-pilot seat to break out in a cold sweat: "Calm down. Man, don't forget you are flying a plane!"

Looking at his nervous companions, Hans reacted and said calmly: "Don't worry, I know what's going on. We are flying over the sea and not in a mountainous area. It doesn't matter if you get distracted occasionally.

The only people to blame are the Japanese below. If they hadn't come here, would I be so surprised?"

Leo completely lost his temper towards his arrogant companion. Now he finally understood why Hans, who was so skilled in driving, was kicked out of the main force.

What a pilot needs is composure, and the nervous Hans is obviously not suitable for this profession. If he hadn't caught up with this war and his driving skills were really good, he would have been sent home by now.

Regardless of continuing the theory, Leo had already started tapping on the telegraph machine. The fact that the Japanese navy entered Nanyang was such a big thing that it must be reported immediately.

As for how to deal with it later, that is a question that the big shots should think about, and they don't need to worry about it.

...

The invention of radio is definitely the greatest revolution in the history of military information.

The news that the reconnaissance plane had discovered traces of the Japanese navy reached Admiral Forrest outside Singapore Harbor in less than half an hour, explaining what efficiency was with practical actions.

Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge can see that the Japanese Navy secretly went south this time, obviously for the Shinra Navy.

Whether or not to continue with the original plan is a tangled question. According to the original plan, only the Far East Fleet needs to be dealt with, and the chance of winning is as high as 99%.

Now that there is an additional Japanese navy, the situation is completely different. How powerful an aircraft carrier formation can be is still an unsolved mystery.

Air Force reinforcements are also not unlimited. After all, this is Nanyang and not the mainland. It is not easy to mobilize an air force division to participate in the war.

Theoretically, a fully-equipped air force division has 288 fighters, which is already a lot.

The problem is that the air force division is not only bombers, but also fighter jets, reconnaissance aircraft, early warning aircraft, transport aircraft...

Of course, it is not that these aircraft cannot be used as bombers, but the results will be very touching.

Forrest has reason to believe that victory will belong to him. But this battle is not only to defeat the enemy, but more importantly, to severely damage or even annihilate the enemy's main fleet.

The enemy is not a fool. If he finds that there is an enemy above his head and is unable to deal with it, he will definitely choose to run away.

After all, tactics with poor concepts can only be used once. If you can't severely damage the enemy this time, it will be impossible to play like this next time.

After much hesitation, Forrest decided to take the gamble. It's not easy to lure the enemy to your doorstep. If you miss this opportunity, you don't know when the next time will be.

Even if the enemy cannot be left behind, as long as a few enemy battleships are killed, or the two British dreadnoughts are eliminated, the goal is considered accomplished.

As long as the enemy's vitality is hurt and the Spanish and Dutch fleets are gathered behind them, even without the help of the air force, they will not be at a disadvantage against the Anglo-Japanese alliance.

As long as this step is achieved, the Continental Alliance can not only cut off the Malacca route, but also send a fleet to the Indian Ocean from time to time.

The subsequent battle can be left to the army. As long as the navy can ensure the supply of logistics supplies, it will be enough to fight all the way from the Malay Peninsula.

Although as a result, his own glory is reduced; but as a senior general, he must consider issues strategically.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1127: Fly separately when disaster strikes.Everyone flies when disaster strikes-69 Book Bar 2021-01-21Author : Xin Haiyue 1 A few silk-like white clouds are suspended in the blue sky, and the waves are rolling on the endless sea. In the distance, the sky and the sea have completely merged into one.

Through a high-power telescope, you can vaguely see a few small spots appearing on the sea and sky, rising and falling along the sea wolf waves, as if they may disappear with the waves at any time.

The reconnaissance plane had already sent back intelligence, and Forrest was not surprised at all by the enemy's appearance. The fleet's combat formation was set up, waiting for the enemy to come over.

"Order the fleet to prepare for battle and notify the Air Force that they can take off!"

...

Closer, closer, the sound of artillery fire boomed, and the fighter planes on the rear aircraft carrier also took off one after another, forming a personal queue and flying towards the British and Japanese coalition forces. Above the head, a unique welcome ceremony begins .

The explosive stuffed dumplings falling from the sky directly hit the British and Japanese combined fleet. General Michel reacted and hurriedly ordered: "Air defense, organize air defense quickly!"

Unfortunately, all this was in vain. The Royal Navy has experienced various naval battles, but it has never experienced what it feels like to be bombed by aircraft.

The so-called anti-aircraft firepower is actually mostly aimed at airships. Because the airship is big enough, it can drop giant bombs weighing several tons, and it can even damage a warship by just smashing it.

As for the threat from aircraft, unfortunately the Royal Navy bases its estimates on its own Air Force. On the premise of ensuring flight mileage, only a few hundred kilograms of ammunition can be loaded at most at a time.

Generally speaking, it is reliable. Even if it is Shinra's most advanced bomber, the maximum bomb load can exceed two tons on the premise of ensuring the flight range.

But because the cost is too high, this most advanced fighter aircraft has not been put into large-scale service. Most of the mainstream bombers in the Air Force have a load capacity of about one ton.

But that was an Army fighter plane, not a Navy fighter plane. The bombers equipped by the aircraft carrier have much lower cruising range requirements.

As long as it can have one or two hours of flying time in the air, it can meet the basic requirements. As for the amazing cruising range, there is no need to consider it yet.

If the cruising range requirement is low, the fuel required will naturally be less, and the corresponding bomb load will be larger.

Because the fuel utilization rate is not high, this number is not small. Basically, aircraft carrier fighters with the same power have a bomb load that is 10 to 20 percent higher.

Although this number may seem inconspicuous, in a war, this gap can kill people.

Ordinary bombers need to work hard to carry a one-ton bomb, but aircraft carrier fighters can do it easily.

Because of their accuracy, fighter planes carrying large bombs usually only cause trouble for big guys.

As the flagship and latest model of the dreadnought, Admiral Michel's vehicle, the Elizabeth, has become the brightest creature on the field.

In just five minutes, it was hit by three giant bombs. Although none of them hit, the sound of falling into the sea and exploding was equally loud.

Luck always runs out. Although the Elizabeth escaped the big bomb, it suffered two small bombs.

The smallness is also relative. The smallest bombs targeted at warships weigh dozens of kilograms. No one throws a grenade or something to catch it.

The warship has withstood the test, but one of its main guns was scrapped, and more than a dozen officers and soldiers were taken away, and even more were injured.

Even Commander Michelle was almost knocked unconscious. The anti-aircraft machine gun, which had high hopes, was like a clown at the moment. Although it was performing hard, it failed to win applause from the audience.

In any case, the Royal Navy finally organized air defense. Although no results have been achieved, at least the enemy's planes did not dare to descend to dozens of meters to drop bombs.

In contrast, the Japanese Navy, as its counterpart, was tragic. Air defense, what is that?
Although the Japanese Navy learned from the Royal Navy, the funds at hand are limited after all, and it is inevitable to save in some unnecessary places .

The Japanese Navy, which has always been a benchmark against the Far Eastern Empire, naturally does not need to consider such a high-level thing as "air defense".

Even when the Russo-Japanese War broke out, the Russians did not have a fleet to come for a decisive battle, and the Russian Air Force could not fly over the Japanese Navy. Therefore, the Japanese Navy never had the concept of "air defense ."

As soon as the bombing began, General Ito Yuhiro greeted General Michel's family. This isn't a battle, it's just a trap for your teammates.

You must know that the Japanese navy was completely unprepared. Apart from the officers' pistols, they had no weapons that could shoot into the sky.

Although machine guns and artillery are carried, these things cannot be fired directly upward. It is lucky if the gun jams, or it may explode directly.

The furious General Ito Yuhiro immediately roared: "Give me the order to get everyone ready to retreat.

By the way, I sent a message to ask Michelle, if they can't deal with the enemy's bombing, we will withdraw first!"

There is no way ! , as long as you are willing to sacrifice and rush forward to fight the enemy in close combat, the threat from the sky will not be a problem.

The problem now is that the Shinra Navy is mobile. They can rush forward and run back, but the planes in the sky will still bomb.

You can't bet on the enemy running out of ammunition, right?
It's not far from the Malay Peninsula, and the enemy's fighter planes can make a round trip in just over an hour at most.

Theoretically speaking, the British-Japanese combined fleet could take advantage of the enemy air force's return to rush in for a decisive battle with the Shinra Navy.

But the enemy is not a soft persimmon, at least it cannot be killed in one or two hours.

What's more, who stipulated that the enemy's aircraft can only have one wave? What if it is continuous?
The old Ito Yuhiro, who has long passed the second grade of junior high school, has no idea of ​​​​doing something he knows is impossible.

As the battle progresses, many Japanese warships have been damaged, and even a cruiser is slowly sinking.

Unlike Britain and HRE, which have great families and businesses, the Japanese Empire has very little financial resources. Once a warship is lost, it is really lost.

Yuheng Ito is very clear about the domestic situation. Even if it wins the Russo-Japanese War, it will not be able to turn around without more than ten or twenty years of finance, and it will simply not be able to increase its investment in the navy.

The original plan was to join forces with the British to kill Shinra's Nanyang Fleet, and the two countries would jointly carve up the rich Nanyang Islands.

The current situation is very obvious. Not to mention killing the Nanyang Fleet, with the attack power of the enemy's air force, they might have to explain themselves first.

After hearing the order from General Ito Yuhiro, Akiyama Shinyuki, who was a little embarrassed by the bombing, said hurriedly: "Your Excellency, Commander, if you retreat directly in this situation, I am afraid that the enemy will bite you soon. Unless you evacuate in a dispersed manner, you can It is possible to withdraw most of the warships, but this will put our capital ships in danger.

If we want to withdraw the fleet as intact as possible, unless someone helps attract the enemy's attention so that they can't care about us."

Selling teammates ?
Together with this thought, I couldn't get rid of it in General Ito Yuhiro's mind. If he hadn't been concerned about the strength of the British, he would have given the order.

"It's difficult. Not to mention whether the British cooperate or not, even if the plan is really successful, what will happen in the future?
Appearing here today, we have offended the Holy Roman Empire. If we offend the British again, I am afraid that the world in the future will There will be no place for the empire."

Regret is necessary. We must have known that this was a trap, and Ito Yuhiro would not come with the fleet no matter what.

As long as no troops are sent to fight, even if you are on the wrong team, there is still room for maneuver.

There are so many countries that support Britain, and it is impossible for the Holy Roman Empire to kill them all. At the worst, they can always get by if they give up some of their interests.

It's different now. The two sides have already fought each other and are covered in each other's blood. It will be difficult to land smoothly.

Akiyama Shinyuki: "Your Majesty Commander, there is no need to be so pessimistic. Since we can be used as pawns for the British, we can also be used as pawns for the Holy Roman Empire.

At least before the Russian Empire is weakened, the empire still has value. As long as it exists value, then there is room for maneuver.

For the Vienna government, it is better for the Vienna government to use our hands to severely damage the Russians and eliminate this last hidden danger than to attack their allies themselves."

...

Elizabeth, Colonel Michel in the command room Jiang no longer has the charm of the past, and his whole person looks much more haggard.

As time went by, the British-Japanese combined fleet suffered more and more losses. In just one cup of tea, more than ten ships suffered heavy damage.

At this moment, the combined fleet faced not only the enemy's aircraft carrier formation, but also the air force that came after hearing the news.

No matter what kind of plane, as long as it can drop bombs, it will appear on the battlefield at this moment.

Although most of the bombs of the Air Force are small, many of them only weigh a few kilograms or more than ten kilograms. Even if they are hit, they will only be used by warships, but they cannot handle the large number!
Just because warships are not afraid of these small bombs does not mean that the officers and soldiers on the ships are not afraid either. No matter how big the bomb is, it can kill people.

Some planes even use machine guns to shoot down at random. As a result, the soldiers holding anti-aircraft machine guns did not dare to show their heads.

"General, there is an urgent call from the Japanese army. The commander of the Japanese fleet, Yuhiro Ito, proposed to launch a charge as quickly as possible and engage the enemy in close combat."

Admiral Michel, who seemed to have received an awakening and had his mind opened, immediately made a decision The decision was made: "Immediately call back Ito Yuheng and tell me the plan I agree with, and charge to the enemy in five minutes. Give the order,

stop artillery fire after five minutes, and the entire army will turn around and return to Cam Ranh Bay as quickly as possible."

The strong man broke his wrist . !

This is not only betraying his teammates, but he also doesn't care about one of his own, Michelle.

The speeds of warships are different. If you let go of your speed and run, the slower warship will definitely not be able to escape.

But at this point, facing an enemy like an airplane that "can only be beaten but cannot fight back," if you don't run away, your entire army will be annihilated.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1128: A far-reaching victory.2021-01-21Author : Xin Haiyue 1 Everyone wanted to cheat their teammates, but then tragedy happened. As soon as the signal to retreat was given, the British and Japanese forces began to run back, and the battlefield became completely chaotic.

The speed of the warships is different. After turning on full power, the original combat formation immediately collapsed. Everyone was busy running for their lives, and no one was left behind.

It was originally intended to trick his teammates, but he didn't expect that both parties wanted to go together. In the end, not only did he trick his teammates, but he also tricked himself.

After being defeated like a mountain, the British and Japanese forces contributed a "Great Escape at Sea" with practical actions.

In the distance, under the cover of the waves, probes appeared from time to time, observing the entire battlefield.

For this war, they have been lying underwater for a day and a night, just waiting for this opportunity.

From the beginning of the battle, Major Wallace, as the captain of the boat, stared at the big screen and did not dare to relax at all. It was not until the British and Japanese allied forces were defeated that his nervous nerves relaxed.

The picture transmitted back by the mirror image is not clear, but there is still no problem in judging the enemy's position.

Seeing that the enemy warship appeared within the attack range, the atmosphere inside the boat became tense again. Major Wallace said: "Let go of these little miscellaneous fish in front first. Our mission is to keep the enemy's capital ship!"

Not yet! The British and Japanese forces, who knew there was a trap ahead, had only one idea - to run. You don't need to run very fast, just outrun your teammates.

In terms of speed, the Royal Navy still has an advantage. The performance of the Far East Fleet's warships is generally better than that of the Japanese Navy. Coupled with richer experience and skills, it is naturally more advantageous to run.

The faster warships rushed to the front, while the slower ones were forced to become the rear troops. In this regard, we must thank our Japanese allies.

Fortunately, the Japanese warship at the rear was resisting desperately and bought time for retreat. Otherwise, it would be considered lucky to be able to escape half of the warships.

However, Admiral Michel was not happy. Although he had distanced himself from the Shinra Navy, his flagship Elizabeth was targeted by enemy fighter planes.

There are now more than a dozen fighter planes circling overhead, and bombs are falling from time to time, obviously trying to catch them and not release them.

Not only the Elizabeth, but all larger warships are now receiving intensive care.

It's no joke that ants kill an elephant. Just look at the Elizabeth at the moment and you will know that it is completely riddled with holes.

One-third of the main gun was out of service, the casualties of officers and soldiers exceeded 200, and even the power system was affected.

Even if it ran back to Cam Ranh Bay, it would still have to be repaired for several months at the very least. There was no way it would be able to participate in the battle in a short period of time.

A whooshing sound.

"Torpedo!"

Someone shouted, and then a violent explosion was heard. The hit destroyer began to tear apart and slowly sank.

After narrowly escaping, Admiral Michel was left in a cold sweat. The enemies in the sky haven't been dealt with yet, and the enemies under the water have appeared again.

If it were any other time, they could naturally pull out the submarine and kill it according to the direction; but that didn't work now. They were busy escaping and had no time to delay.

As if a signal light had been detonated, since the first torpedo was launched and exploded, successive explosions continued to sound.

Almost every bang was followed by a great achievement. As if realizing something, Admiral Michel hurriedly ordered: "The enemy has an ambush, order the fleet to disperse and break out!"

There was no way, the fleet evacuated in one direction swarmly, just like piecing together the targets on the training ground, even if they escaped After hitting target No. 1, he was still able to hit targets No. 2, No. 3. ..

Seeing that the British warship running ahead was in trouble, General Ito Yuhiro, who was lagging behind, did not feel relieved at all, but his expression became more solemn.

At this stage, if you don't know that you have fallen into the enemy's trap, you will have lived a long life in vain.

The greater the British losses now, it means that the enemy is more prepared, and it also means that the probability of them running out is lower.

Akiyama Shinyuki suggested: "Your Majesty Commander, let's separate from the British! The empire has already paid too much for this war.

At this point, there is no need to be tied to the British anymore. Anyway, we are In the eyes of the enemy, we can only be regarded as small fish now."

"Mysterious self-confidence", this time it is really not the case. It can be seen from the number of fighters overhead that the Far East Fleet receives obviously more care.

This kind of treatment is determined based on strength. Compared with the awesome Royal Navy, the Japanese Navy is far inferior in terms of performance and popularity.

The gap in hardware is even greater. The Japanese Navy is limited by domestic industry. Most of its major warships rely on outsourcing, and localization is still far away.

A country that cannot be independent in its military industry will naturally not be taken seriously. Not being taken seriously is not entirely a bad thing, at least it is much easier to escape.

Before General Ito Yuhiro could make a decision, a loud "boom" was heard, and then the warship began to shake violently, and everyone in the headquarters was also thrown to pieces.

"Hit!"

This was Ito Yuheng's last consciousness before he fell into coma.

...

The brutal battle continued. The straggler warships either surrendered or were sunk. The sea was filled with a large number of floating objects, and people could be vaguely seen.

Fortunately, the violent explosion scared the sea creatures, otherwise these unlucky ones who fell into the water would have been fed to the sharks by now.

Night saved the remaining British-Japanese coalition forces, but it didn't hurt. After this battle, the Far East Fleet and the Japanese Navy were abolished.

Not a single capital ship of more than 10,000 tons remained, and the losses of various types of ancillary warships were also countless. Most of the cruisers that ran out were faster cruisers. They could break up friendships and attack merchant ships without even thinking about turning things around.

The bloody battlefield did not affect Admiral Forrest's good mood. Such a clean and decisive victory was completely beyond his expectation.

"Order the fleet to stop the attack, rescue those who fell into the water, and count the losses."

The winner must naturally have the bearing of a winner. Today's battle is over, and now it's time to take prisoners.

They are all excellent laborers, and they will need to bleed and sweat in the next Indochina strategy.

...

"Your Majesty, good news! This afternoon the Nanyang Fleet fought a decisive battle with the British and Japanese forces in Malacca, and our army won a complete victory!" He grabbed the telegram, and Emperor Franz, who was originally about to sleep, was no longer sleepy at this moment.

After confirming again and again, Franz showed a long-lost smile and felt relaxed.

The specific results of the victory have not yet been calculated, and even the losses suffered by oneself are only an approximate number, but this does not affect this in the slightest, which is a great victory.

Two dreadnoughts were sunk, five old battleships were captured, and one old battleship was captured. Almost all the main forces of the British Far East Fleet and the Japanese Navy were accounted for.

Without a capital ship to act as a combat force, no matter how many other warships escaped, the British-Japanese coalition would only exist in name only.

The fate that awaits them is to be surrounded and suppressed by the Shinra Navy in the following days. You don't even need to take action personally, the fleets of Spain and the Netherlands alone in the Southeast Asia can complete the task of beating the drowned dog.

The victory in the Battle of the Malacca Strait not only reversed the situation in the Far East, but also affected the world situation.

The myth of the Royal Navy's invincibility has been shattered. The biggest impact is not on military strength, but on the confidence of countries around the world in this war.

Simply calculating military strength, the Far East Fleet accounts for at most 15% of the Royal Navy. Even if the entire army is annihilated, the Royal Navy still has an advantage in overall strength.

But the blow to confidence is that it is not a simple set of data. The British-Japanese coalition had a full advantage, but was overturned by the Nanyang Fleet. Who can guarantee that the Royal Navy will win in the next battle?

Especially for the member states of the Ocean Alliance, they have to reconsider whether to continue this war at this moment.

Everyone participated in this war, apart from the deception of the British, the most important thing was because of interests.

However, the interests are based on defeating the Holy Roman Empire. If they lose the war, they will lose everything.

Anyway, we have just declared war and have not officially started fighting yet. As long as we pay a certain price, it is not impossible to retreat.

While shaking the Ocean Alliance, it will also stimulate the enthusiasm of allies to participate in the war. Although there is no clear division of interests after the war, everyone still knows the consistent style of the Vienna government.

Under the distribution model where contributions are proportional to benefits, if you want to grab a share of benefits after the war, you must make sufficient contributions.

If it is just a matter of adding up the numbers to make soy sauce, then when the benefits are distributed after the war, it will also be a matter of making up the numbers to make soy sauce.

If nothing else happens, the British will be exhausted next. Even if the London government can abandon the Far East, it can't abandon the Indian Ocean too, right?
Without the restraint of the Far East Fleet, it is inevitable that the Nanyang Fleet will enter the Indian Ocean. In order to ensure smooth routes between the British Isles and India, the British must divide their forces and station them.

Deploying a fleet is not as simple as it sounds. The Royal Navy is indeed huge, but they don't have many mobile forces at their disposal.

The local fleet has to contain the Shinra Navy, and several overseas fleets have to maintain smooth trade lines. It is not an easy task to mobilize a force that can compete with the Nanyang Fleet.

After some thought, Franz made a decision: "Immediately announce the results of the naval battle and order the Propaganda Department to launch a public opinion offensive around the world to shake the military morale of the Oceanic Alliance.

Notify our allies and ask them to rush to print a batch of leaflets overnight. , when the Air Force bombs tomorrow, we will spread it to the British Isles."

If you don't pursue such a good opportunity, you would be sorry to God.

I wonder if the British people can withstand such a blow. Less than a week after the war started, they suffered successive air attacks and failed naval battles.

It would be even better if someone could take the lead and stir things up internally.

After thinking about it, Franz gave up his plan to kill himself. It is not easy for the intelligence officers. To ask them to carry out such an order is obviously to force others to do something difficult.

There is serious internal strife in the UK, which is based on the absence of external threats. The current situation is so serious, and the opposition parties are not fools.

Political struggle is political struggle, and the prerequisite is that the British Empire must exist. It is impossible to completely abandon national interests for the sake of political struggle.

Even if there are some people who don't understand the situation and want to take advantage of the situation to cause trouble, interest groups will not tolerate their messing around.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1129 Post-War Impact2021-01-22Author : Xin Haiyue 1 In the early morning, the temporary British government residence in the air-raid shelter was still brightly lit.

It was another sleepless night. Just as the smoke from the day's bombing had dissipated, another piece of bad news came.

The British and Japanese coalition forces suffered a disastrous defeat in the naval battle, and even the flagship was sunk. The life or death of the fleet commander, Admiral Michel, is now unknown.

After receiving this news, everyone's first reaction was: "Just kidding". The Far East Fleet alone can suppress the Nanyang Fleet, how could the British-Japanese coalition lose?
Unfortunately, after repeated verification, it was proved that this is reality and not a hoax.

Forced to accept this reality, Prime Minister Campbell's three views were subverted. It turned out that the Royal Navy was no longer invincible.

After having this knowledge, Campbell's whole person felt bad. What would happen to this war if the Royal Navy couldn't contain it?
The most confused person was Admiralty Swinding. Although the battle reports from the front line were very clear, they attributed the failure of the war to the following: the enemy's air force entered the war.

As for the aircraft carrier, it has always been hiding behind and has never shown its head. Anyway, planes are bombing, and the British warships participating in the war naturally cannot tell the difference.

War is cruel, and if you lose, you lose. No matter how many reasons there are, you can't change the fact that the war has failed.

Just look at the current office location of the cabinet government to see how powerful the enemy's air force is. As long as there is a way, they will not fall to this point.

After a brief eye contact, the room quickly fell silent, and everyone fell into a state of confusion.

Quite a bit like: "On the ignorant tree are the fruits, and under the ignorant tree are you and me."

After a cup of coffee, Foreign Secretary Adam was the first to break the silence: "The failure of the Malacca naval battle had a very bad impact on the overall strategy of the empire.

I am not very clear about the military issues, but the diplomatic troubles are definitely disappointing. Collapse.

The enemy will not give up. Maybe tonight, or maybe tomorrow, the news will spread all over the world.

Our allies who are not firm in their stance may make trouble again. To appease them, the Empire A higher price is bound to be paid.

The best way to solve the problem is to prove that we have the strength to win the war, otherwise it will be difficult for them to devote all their efforts." I am used to playing the trick of the white wolf with empty gloves, and now I have to Adam was obviously not used to show tangible benefits.

But the cruel reality is before us. The era of pure deception has passed, and now everyone has become more sophisticated. No matter how big the cake is, it can't satisfy your hunger.

Even if we can't eat the big cake for the time being, we must at least let everyone smell the fragrance, otherwise they won't be willing to contribute!

Lord Admiralty Swinding: "According to the intelligence coming back from the front line, this defeat was mainly due to an enemy ambush. The air force and submarines, which we had ignored in the past, have now become the enemy's magic weapons to win by surprise.

The same tactics were only used for the first time. Effective. As long as we are prepared, the situation will be very different.

However, we must face up to the role of the air force in naval warfare. I propose to form the Hainan Airlines to specifically deal with the enemy's air force threat."

The previous content is okay. When I heard "form After the proposal of "Haihang Airlines", Air Force Minister Attilio immediately couldn't sit still.

If the Navy has Hainan Airlines, then does the Army also need Army Aviation? The Army and Navy both have their own aviation units, so why do we need the Air Force?
When it comes to the survival space of the Air Force, Attilio must fight hard.

"No, the Navy and the Air Force are both very specialized services. Focusing on one is the best choice. Taking care of both will only end up making the two different."

Swindin shook his head: "But your Air Force simply can't afford it now. With such a heavy responsibility, even the safety of London cannot be guaranteed, how can we guarantee the defeat of the enemy's air force?"

It's not that he wants to seize power, it's really that the performance of the British Air Force is too weak. Since you can't count on it, you can only do it yourself.

Although the Royal Navy does not have a complete air force, it still has a lot of reconnaissance aircraft, and even a small number of fighters and bombers.

Expanded a bit, it is an air force. It doesn't require how powerful it is, as long as it can hold back the enemy's air force during naval battles.

After all, the English Channel is only a short distance away. If the enemy forces a landing, the Royal Navy can only fight within the coverage of the enemy's air force.

Attilio rolled his eyes disdainfully: "Our air force is not good, how can we just form Hainan Airlines? The Holy Roman Empire is the world's largest air force, and its air force is at least twice the size of ours. How can we compete with them without thousands of fighter planes? ?

Do you have enough pilots, or do you have enough crew members? Do you think that just a few people can be qualified for these jobs? "

Personnel is a flaw, and this thing is not something that can be obtained just by saying it is available. Although there are many aviation clubs in Britain, they are all very small.

Even in the 21st century, airplanes are only toys for a few people, let alone now. Except for a very small number of rich people, who can afford to play with them?
However, these second-generation people who can afford it are all either rich or noble, and they are very rare and willing to go to the battlefield and work hard.

These rarities have long been captured by the Air Force, and even the crew members have been requisitioned, including pilots and crew members of private airlines. Now they have been forcibly merged by the Air Force.

Even so, the British Air Force still found it difficult to defend London.

Seeing that the quarrel was showing signs of escalating, Campbell interrupted: "Stop arguing. At this point, what we need is to work together in the same boat.

If the Navy wants to establish HNA, it will have to find a way to solve the personnel problem on its own.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs tries its best to communicate with allies to see if it can first support a group of pilots, including aircraft production, and can also outsource part of it. "

It can be seen that Campbell is really tired, and he doesn't even want to say a word now.

He hasn't had a good night's sleep since the bombing of London. He wanted to have a good night's rest today, but he caught up with this again. Not only the British   government had a sleepless night, but also the European dignitaries who received the news from the Vienna government also had a sleepless night.   Only European countries as neighbors can truly understand the power of the Holy Roman Empire. From the perspective of the   British Empire When the bombing of the island began, everyone was full of confidence in the Holy Roman Empire winning the war. However, the turning point of the war came too quickly. You must know that   less than a week after the war broke out, the arrogant British Empire was in trouble , which is really beyond everyone's expectation. The one   that has been hit the hardest is the Russian Empire. Unlike small European countries where no matter who becomes the boss, it is not their turn. Russia is also one of the contenders for hegemony.   But now it is at a disadvantage and has no power. It competes with Britain and the Holy Ra, but as the third largest empire in the world, the Russian Empire has never given up its ambitions. The   tsarist government, which originally expected to benefit from the competition between the oldest and second largest empire, suddenly discovered that its allies were actually cheating.   The Nanyang Fleet defeated the British-Japanese combined fleet. Something obviously unscientific happened so openly, and it was achieved at a small cost.   Now whether to go south has become a difficult problem that the tsarist government must make a decision at the moment. This is very worrying for Nigeria. Gula II.   Leonid, Minister of the Navy: "The situation has changed too fast. Facts have proved that the British are externally strong but internally incompetent. They have the title of world hegemon but do not have the matching strength.   The Royal Navy may not be as powerful as we think. For the benefit of the empire, the southward strategy must be launched as soon as possible.   When necessary, we can abandon the Far East first. Time is not waiting for me. If we don't take over India as soon as possible and create a fait accompli, if the war has a winner, I'm afraid it won't be our fault. "   It's not surprising that the navy wants to go south. Russia lacks high-quality sea outlets. Although Constantinople is good, it is under the nose of the Holy Roman Empire.   What's more, the Mediterranean has become the inland sea of ​​the Holy Roman Empire, and there is obviously no Russian navy. Opportunities to show off. Even if they reluctantly entered, there would be no benefits for them. The   same is true for the Baltic Sea. Not only does it have a strong Nordic Federation at the door, but it also has to face the two major powers of Shinra and Britain.   Taking a piece of the pie is already the limit. It is simply impossible to achieve regional hegemony.   The only options are the subcontinent and the Far East. The terrain and climate in the remote East are severely restricted, and communication with the mainland is difficult. Even the Siberian Railway cannot change it. In   comparison, The subcontinent is much better. It is not only rich, but also easy to rule. It is the best colony in the world.   Minister of Internal Affairs Vyacheslav: "The eastward strategy has reached this point. We are about to win. We cannot give up easily. .   The strategy of going south seems good now, but in fact it is also full of difficulties. Not to mention that the British are not weak in India, and they cannot get through the hurdle of allies alone.   With so many member states of the Continental League, who wouldn't want to get a share of the pie? Why should we monopolize it?   Even if we really win, I'm afraid we will have to spit out most of it after the war. The interests that really belong to us may not be as rich as defeating the Japanese.   There is another important factor that we also have to consider. Given the importance of India to Britain, I am afraid that the British government would surrender as soon as we entered India.   Without the British to restrain us, how could we control the Indian region before the Holy Roman Empire? "   The deer in India is too fat, and everyone wants to get a piece of meat. The Russians are drooling, and other members of the Continental League are no exception. If the   Russian Empire really annexes India, it will immediately fall into the spotlight. I don't want to be beaten by society, Sooner or later, you have to spit it out.   Foreign Minister Mikhailovich: "The Marquis is right, we must be cautious about going south.   Even if you really decide to go south, it is best to communicate with the Vienna government first and divide your respective interests in advance.   We alone do not have the strength to swallow up the Indian subcontinent. If you blindly put it in your mouth, you will probably choke. "   ...   (End of this chapter)

