Chapter 1119: War Complete2021-01-12Author : Xin Haiyue 1 Deliberately leaked the date of declaration of war in advance, but Franz accidentally set a historical precedent again.

As an emperor, Franz's every move was inevitably interpreted politically. What seems like a child's play is actually another game between monarchy and divine power.

The struggle between monarchy and theocracy in the European world has lasted for thousands of years. The religious reform initiated in the Middle Ages was based on the theoretical basis of Jesus' words: "Give to God what is God's, and to Caesar what is Caesar's ."

However, what belongs to God and what belongs to Caesar, there is still no clear division.

Everyone's default is religion and secularity, but religion in Europe has been integrated into people's daily lives, and religion and secularity are simply inseparable.

There has never been a definite answer in the Holy Roman Empire as to whether royal power was higher than religious power, or whether religious power was higher than royal power.

Even when the church assets were confiscated, Franz made a deal with the Pope and used the Pope's name to force bishops everywhere to compromise, not in the name of the government.

Although the goal has been achieved, such operations can be carried out one at a time, but they cannot rely on the Holy See for a long time.

So in the following decades, Franz has been secretly weakening the influence of the church and trying to place religion under the jurisdiction of the government.

Now, it's almost time for a showdown. The current deliberate declaration of war is an obvious political signal.

Just to let everyone recognize the reality, the pope must act according to the emperor's will. Why should the church below be aloof from the world?
People's hearts are constantly changing, and the bottom line is constantly being broken through. If left alone for decades , such hints would naturally have no effect.

But it is different now. The strength of the church has declined significantly. The government has long been involved in religious affairs, but it has not stated it openly.

Now it is on the table, not only for the Catholics in Central, but also for the Protestants in the north.

The main purpose is to tell everyone: The Holy Roman Empire Church must listen to the emperor, so religious conflicts are meaningless.

As for leaking the date of the declaration of war to let the British take precautions in advance, that is not a problem at all.

The colonies are almost bleeding out. The places that can be defended have already been defended, and the places that are unprepared do not need to be defended now.

...

No matter how tense the situation is, Fog City is still Fog City. Even though the air was filled with the smell of gunpowder, compared with the thick fog, it was not worth mentioning at all.

The roaring sound of mechanical turbines is endless, and the ships entering and exiting are as numerous as the stars in the sky. Under the thick fog, the Port of London was still as busy as ever, as if it was not affected by the situation at all.

Even affected by the war, there have been more ships coming in and out recently, but the direction of commodity trade has changed.

Ships that originally plied between the English Channel and now turned to the ocean and started ocean trade.

The ships that still choose to stay are now engaged in passenger transport instead of import and export trade.

In fact, since news of the attack on the Suez Canal spread back to Europe, trade between Britain and European countries has ended, and evacuation operations have been put on the agenda.

The rise of every big city is indispensable for sucking the blood of its surroundings. As the world's largest metropolis, London is no exception.

Millions of immigrants from all over Europe gathered here. As the war approached, these immigrants naturally could not stay any longer.

Fortunately, these people come from more than a dozen countries. Otherwise, it would be impossible to evacuate so many people at once.

...

The pier was filled with thick fog, and the visibility was less than meters. The towering lighthouse has already begun its work over and over fifty again, dutifully guiding the direction of each ship.

As the roar of the ship approached, more and more pedestrians gathered on the pier. Each one was packed in big and small bags, as if they were fleeing for safety.

A middle-aged man in green clothes scolded him sternly: "Follow me quickly, Andri. If you miss this boat, you are going to stay here..."

Before he could finish his words, Andri's boy turned his head. After shaking it off, he asked disdainfully: "Isn't it good to stay here?"

As if his dignity was challenged, the middle-aged man cursed angrily: "Andre, you are really an idiot.

Don't forget that you are a Sicilian. If If you ask such idiotic questions again, don't say he is my Rudolf's son.

Look at this damn weather, how can it be compared to Sicily? Look at the eyes of the people around you..."

It is an evacuation in name, but in fact it is an escape. . He couldn't even take care of himself, so he naturally had no intention of caring about others and training his son.

A similar scene is happening in countless families right now. I have to admit that Britain these days is indeed full of temptations for ordinary people.

Second- and third-generation immigrants who grew up in London have already developed feelings for this country, and the concept of their mother country has become minimal.

It is a pity that Britain, as an island country, inherently lacks sufficient tolerance. It cannot even accommodate the Irish, and naturally it cannot accommodate them, wanderers from other lands.

Discrimination is everywhere, especially as war approaches, making life even harder for immigrants. All kinds of surveillance, interrogation, and even unwarranted detention.

Either because they can't stand the strange looks around them or because they are worried about their future, countless immigrants are forced to choose to return to their home countries.

In fact, those who are leaving now are either poor people, or owners who are too greedy and have a fluke mentality.

Really smart people sold off their assets in the British Isles in preparation for their escape as early as the situation began to deteriorate.

Greed needs to pay a price. If you don't cut off the meat in time to stop the loss, you can only sell it in tears to symbolically recover some costs, or even have the property seized by others.

It can be heard from the conversation between the two that Rudolph and Andrew are not wealthy owners. Anyone with a bit of wealth would have bought their own boat tickets and run away long ago.

There was no way, the date for the declaration of war prepared by the Holy Roman Empire was revealed by the media. No matter how slow your reaction is, you still know that if you don't run now, you really won't be able to run.

There are naturally those who choose to stay and share the joys and sorrows with Britain, but there are definitely not many such idiots.

There is no way, even if you want to stay, you have to be willing to accept it.

In fact, returning to Central at this time also faces various problems.

Not only do they need to find employment, but they also need to be monitored, which makes them feel a bit inhumane.

But Rudolf had no choice. Staying in Britain would not only subject him to discrimination, but could also put his life in danger.

Thanks to the development of the British newspaper industry, Rudolph knew that the British Isles had limited food production and had long relied on imports.

The target of the war happens to be the world's largest exporter of agricultural products. Once the war continues for a long time, there may be a famine.

Even though the British government has repeatedly assured that it has vast colonies and many food-producing allies, it can guarantee domestic material supplies.

However, the Irish workers next door repeatedly publicized the dark history of the British government, making it difficult for Rudolph to have confidence in the British government.

At the peak of Britain's history, millions of its own people starved to death in just one famine. What if there was a war?
Yes, in the eyes of ordinary people, the British Isles are one, and Ireland is also an important part of the British Empire.

The British government will not publicize the grievances and hatreds involved. Ordinary British people know little about it, and Rudolf, who comes out to make a living, is even less clear about it.

In contrast, when returning to Central, at least food is guaranteed. Sicily, my hometown, is suitable for agricultural production and is one of the few agricultural product export areas in Italy.

The Holy Roman Empire is also the world's largest exporter of agricultural products. Even if a war breaks out, it is unlikely to go to Sicily to collect grain.

Anyway, the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies is just following along in this war, and it is unlikely that the mainland will become a battlefield.

The government will probably not do its best to deal with this war. Even if you are monitored and investigated when you return to Central, it is most likely just a formality.

There are so many places where spies are needed. As long as the British are not confused, they will not focus on collecting intelligence on the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies.

The sad scene happened not only on London docks, but also in almost all important ports in Europe.

It's just that there are far fewer British people living in mainland Europe than those who go to Britain to seek life, so the Port of London seems particularly noisy.

...

Time flies, and the annual Christmas comes again. In the festive atmosphere of the festival, the smell of gunpowder in Europe has been diluted a lot.

If the media hadn't previously revealed the Vienna government's planned date of declaring war, it would have caused an uproar. I'm afraid people who don't understand European culture think that things are over.

Under the strong festive atmosphere, both sides pressed the pause button in unison, and even the colonial conflict came to a halt.

The only ones who are suffering are the Russian troops in the Far East. The Japanese army does not have a holiday on Christmas, so they can only fight hard.

Of course, this is nothing. Orthodox Christmas is next month, and by then it will be too late to be sad.

In St. Petersburg, the Tsarist government also received a declaration of war from the Holy Roman Empire. As the war approaches, the route dispute has once again become a hot topic in Russia.

The essential purpose of military technological innovation is to study how to kill people efficiently.

The use of machine gun trenches and barbed wire tactics certainly helped the Russians stabilize their position; but the emergence of tank armor opened a new door for the Japanese.

Affected by this, the casualties paid by both Japan and Russia were much higher than in history.

These are all small problems. The Tsarist government has gray animals; Japan, with its strong Bushido ideology, also has a spirit of not fearing death.

Both sides could afford to die, and the human wave tactic failed overnight, which made the tsarist government extremely embarrassed.

Those are all minor problems. What really shakes the Russians is the issue of logistical supplies.

As the situation becomes tense, it is obviously unrealistic to rely on the Vienna government to help smuggle strategic materials.

What is currently available, that is, the part that was previously hoarded, once it is used up, it will have to be transported from Europe.

After French workers' day and night efforts, the Siberian Railway was finally opened to traffic before the year.

It's just that this railway, which had high hopes, failed to play the role that everyone expected. An accident even occurred during the opening process.

If the driver hadn't responded properly and the train ran off the railway line, we don't know what would have happened.

Even if something goes wrong in the process of opening to traffic, people will be able to ask questions from miles away because of its strong Russian-made feel.

No one may believe it when told that there are no problems with trains and railways. The main cause of accidents is insufficient compatibility between trains and railway tracks.

"If you miss something, it will make a difference of a thousand miles."

Facts have once again proved that the Russians are not suitable for precision manufacturing. Even though a full set of train production technology was introduced from Shinra, accidents still occurred at critical moments.

The track cannot be moved, so solving the compatibility problem falls on the train. Together with the pre-produced trains, they now have to be remade.

It's just a detailed adjustment that doesn't require much investment. The biggest cost is time.

This has just begun. In the future, if we have to provide logistical supplies to hundreds of thousands of troops on the front line, we will only face more practical problems.

Even if we can ensure logistical supplies and defeat the Japanese, we will not be able to continue to advance eastward in a short time.

For no other reason than the longer the front is pushed, the greater the logistical pressure will be.

What's more, Japan is an island country surrounded by seas. Victory in the land battle can only be regarded as a partial victory, and the naval battle must be won before it can truly come to an end.

Everyone has confidence in the Russian Empire and is not worried about being unable to defeat the Japanese. The problem is that to complete these war plans, a lot of money is needed.

Different from the past, now the big financiers are also going to war with the British. No matter how good the relationship is, at times like this, everyone should take care of themselves first.

"It's all self-funded" is scary just thinking about it. If they really wanted to do that, they would have to suck the financial markets of the Russian Empire dry.

In comparison, the situation going south is much better. The Shinra Army also has plans to attack India, and everyone can join forces.

Politics is linked to interests. The Russian army's offensive has sufficient strategic value, so it can naturally continue to ask for money from the Vienna government.

When it comes to the future destiny of the country, naturally it cannot be decided by a few words. It requires research, research, and more research, meetings, meetings, and meetings...

For the indecisive Nicholas II, this kind of constant dispute on the strategic line was undoubtedly a kind of spiritual torture.

The advantages and disadvantages of the two paths are all in front of you. It seems that choosing one of the two is very simple. You just need to weigh the pros and cons and choose the most advantageous one. It is a pity that Nicholas II could not do it!

And slime does not exist. Time waits for no one on the battlefield. If you don't prepare in advance, you will really miss it if you miss it.

… Without any surprise, the day after Christmas, the investigation team on the canal attack announced the results. The evidence pointed to the murderer being the British government.

Without waiting for any explanation from the British government, the Vienna government issued an ultimatum to the British, ordering them to hand over the murderer within 24 hours and pay 28 million Aegis for economic losses.

Immediately afterwards, the countries of the Continental League came up with lists of losses and demanded compensation from the British government.

It was impossible to surrender the person. The British government had always insisted that it had no knowledge. If it surrendered the person, wouldn't it mean that it would admit that it planned the canal attack?

Losing money is even more impossible. War is imminent. How can there be any argument for siding with the enemy before the battle begins?
(End of chapter)

2021-01-13 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 I got stuck in asking for leave. After writing several thousand words, I still felt something was wrong. Haiyue asked for a day off to work on the plot.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1120: War breaks out.2021-01-14 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 As a veteran world hegemon, the British have long cultivated their arrogance over the past hundred years.

After receiving the ultimatum from the Vienna government, the British parliamentarians, who felt that their dignity had been challenged, were rarely efficient and made their choice in just one afternoon.

After parliament reached a consensus, on the evening of December 26, 1904, King Edward VII issued a mobilization order for national war and officially declared war on the Holy Roman Empire.

There may be some element of anger in declaring war first! But it's mostly due to political needs. Although the methods are a bit low-level, as long as they are effective.

The arrogant British are not afraid of this war, which does not mean that the allies who follow them are not afraid either.

In fact, if it weren't for the British government's clever methods of coaxing and deceiving other countries into joining the war, no one would have joined in the fun.

Since the end of the European War, armies from all over the world that originally learned from the French Army have turned around and learned from the Shinra Army.

Regardless of whether he learned the essence or not, the influence of the Holy Roman Empire was spread. Especially for American immigrant countries who understand the history of HRE, it has a greater ideological impact.

Only the ignorant are fearless. Sometimes knowing too much is not necessarily a good thing. At least for Britain, it's not a good thing for allies to know too much.

You must know that at the beginning, the British only told everyone that they were facing the Holy Roman Empire alone, and there was nothing to do with the European countries at all.

Even in order to enhance everyone's confidence, the British government has repeatedly guaranteed that many European countries will join the Anti-HRE Alliance, such as the Russian Empire, France, Portugal, the Netherlands... and even the German princes.

There is nothing wrong with the logic. There is no room for two tigers in one mountain, and there is no room for two great land powers on the European continent. When it comes to national strategic space and European hegemony, everyone has reason to believe that Russia and Austria will fall out.

France and the HRE are feuding. In the past few hundred years, European history has been a history of hegemony between the two countries.

In the past few years, Shinra has been brutally attacked again. New and old hatreds are added together. If the French do not want revenge, then there will be a problem.

Countries such as Portugal and the Netherlands are all die-hard brothers of Britain. Although their relations with HRE are also good, everyone believes in John Bull's diplomatic methods.

Unexpectedly, the plan did not change quickly, the intended allies turned into enemies, and the balance of strength between the two sides also changed.

The deeper the understanding, the less sure everyone feels. The younger brothers are panicking, so the boss must find a way to stabilize the morale of the army. Otherwise, people will lose their support and the team will not be able to lead the team .

After thinking about it on his own, Franz instantly felt confident. I am not afraid that the British will react badly, but I am afraid that the British will not react.

The British Empire at its peak was unusually powerful. This strength is not only reflected in comprehensive national strength, but also includes a series of soft powers such as diplomacy and culture.

In terms of hard power, Shinra has overtaken it, otherwise it would not have launched a challenge. Soft power is difficult to define. Although the Vienna government has done a good job in this regard, it cannot be said to be better than the British .

The main reason is that reality is too nonsense, sometimes even more magical than fiction, and many things cannot be measured by common sense.

Facing an opponent who was good at playing with politics and people's hearts, Franz never dared to take it lightly.

It turned out that he seemed to be overthinking. No matter how powerful the British diplomacy is, it has its limits.

With the stone falling in his heart, Franz continued to write furiously and drafted a "Letter to the People of the British Isles".

As for the issue of declaring war, the 27th will be the 27th. No matter what, we cannot let the British take the lead.

...

Late at night, the Nanyang Daily editorial office was still brightly lit. Lauren Cromwell, the editor-in-chief, yawned and stood up to make herself a cup of instant coffee.

There is no way, journalists never have day and night. News editors, in particular, work night shifts much more frequently than day shifts.

News must be practical. In order to ensure that the newspaper is delivered to every reader who subscribes to the newspaper the next morning, printing can only be done in the middle of the night.

"The war has begun! Hurry, Mr. Lauren, hurry, reorganize the layout, we must publish it first..."

The excited and trembling voice attracted the attention of everyone in the editing room.

"Mr. Steve, calm down. We all know that war is about to begin. This time the country will not give in. The British cannot accept our conditions. War is inevitable.

This is a sample newspaper that has just been printed. We have already prepared it in advance. Based on the prediction, I believe there won't be much difference."

Lauren was still very optimistic about the young man in front of her. It's just that Steve's current performance makes him very disappointed.

The colonies have been at war for a long time, and today the government issued a 24-hour war directive to the British. There is no possibility of relaxation between the two sides.

Counting the time, I knew the war would start tomorrow. What's more, the Vienna government had already spread the word before this, and it was even published in newspapers, but it was just a different story.

After taking a breath, Steve hurriedly explained: "It's different, Mr. Lauren. Just now, the British government declared war on us, and the outbreak of all-out war has been brought forward." Upon hearing the news, everyone's faces immediately changed. Change. Fortunately, the news came in time and the newspaper had not been distributed yet, otherwise a big accident would have occurred.

When doing current affairs news, the most important thing is accuracy. Once the published news information is inconsistent with the reality, it will be a big accident.

If you don't say anything about your bad reputation, you may be reported by readers and investigated by the Information Agency.

Don't think that there are exceptions in the colonies. The Press Management Act of the Holy Roman Empire is common throughout the empire.

Of course, such misunderstanding of the time when the war broke out does not constitute a crime, it can only be regarded as insufficient rigor.

After hearing the news, before Steve could finish speaking, Lauren stepped forward, grabbed the telegram, and read it carefully.

After a moment, Lauren asked seriously: "Have you checked with the country and confirmed that only the British declared war on the 26th? We did not..."

Steve: "Don't worry, Mr. Lauren. I received this telegram. By the time, it was already midnight and early morning. Even if something happens, it will be on the 27th."

After a moment of relief, Lauren breathed a sigh of relief. There is no room for sloppiness in this kind of thing. Any omission may bring an eternal stain to your career.

"Well done Steve, fortunately you arrived in time, otherwise we would have been in big trouble.

The editorial department will re-edit the text and format it, and come up with new manuscripts as soon as possible. We must make a big splash this time, I have a feeling what's coming next The newspaper sales will definitely explode.

Promotion is not guaranteed, but your bonus will definitely increase with the increase in newspaper sales."

This is true, and the newspaper will start printing a little later. In order to ensure that important news is not missed, we either need to stop and reprint and typeset, or publish additional columns.

It seems that it is the easiest to issue additional columns and you can get more money by selling them, but in fact it is not the case.

With the development of the times, all walks of life are full of competition, and newspapers are no exception.

The island of Sulawesi alone has more than 30 newspapers, large and small. It is not easy to survive.

The era of crude information provision has long since ended. Nowadays, when doing news, you must not only provide news content, but also provide good customer service.

In this context, opening a column is very particular. Not only must there be enough news content, but there must also be refreshing interpretations.

In a few hours, the newspaper will be sent out. After excluding printing time, there is even less time left for the editorial department.

It is almost impossible to produce a column that readers will buy into in such a short period of time.

Similar situations have not never happened. In order to ensure that important news is not missed, the usual choice is to scrap the previous printed newspaper, rearrange the format and print it again.

Due to productivity constraints, the cost of printing newspapers these days is not low. The losses incurred every time they have to start over are a pressure on the newspaper company.

In this context, journalists have a love-hate relationship with breaking news.

...

At the headquarters of the Holy Roman Empire's Nanyang Fleet, Admiral Forrest, the fleet commander, received the news earlier than the newspaper office.

Now that all-out war has broken out, the confrontation with the Royal Navy has also entered a new stage.

Before the outbreak of all-out war, I thought of looking for opportunities to make a sneak attack and kill the opponent's main fleet at once. Now I can't be so picky about food, and I can't let go of small fish and shrimps either.

There is no need to think about sneak attacks on Shenma for the time being. The birth of the airplane has changed the pattern of warfare.

When the enemy is on guard, it is simply impossible to hide from the enemy's reconnaissance aircraft and reconnaissance ships.

Unless you are brave and dare to sail overnight and risk getting lost or running aground on rocks, you can go directly to someone's door to launch a sneak attack.

Just think about it, Forrest would not gamble on the negligible chance of success with the Nanyang Fleet.

Holding the baton, he pointed at the map on the wall: "This is Cam Ranh Bay, one of the best ports in Asia, and the base camp of our opponent this time, the Royal Navy's Far East Fleet.

With the efforts of intelligence personnel, we Basically, the general situation of Cam Ranh Bay has been modeled, and I can only say that it is very pessimistic.

Perhaps it is because the Imperial Air Force's reputation is too great, which scared the British out of their courage. Now they attach great importance to air defense.

In Cam Ranh Bay, the British deployed There are two air force regiments and three air defense regiments. The specific armament is not detailed. There are about eighty fighter planes, at least fifty anti-aircraft artillery pieces, and several anti-aircraft machine guns.

These can be detected openly, but secretly. There is no hiding, and it is still unknown for the time being. Although the performance of these weapons is not very good, they are still very threatening to fighters carrying out low-altitude bombing.

If it is normal times, this is naturally not a problem. As long as the achieved results are large enough , it is worth paying some losses.

The current situation is an exception. The Suez Canal has been interrupted. It will be difficult for us to obtain supplements from domestic sources for at least half a year in the future . The number of fighter aircraft in our hands is now one less. The aircraft carrier formation There are only about 300 active fighters plus reserve fighters in total.

It seems that we have more aircraft, but the aircraft carrier fighters are mainly bombers, and the number of real fighters is very small.

Once the battle starts, the British Air Force stationed in the surrounding areas will Reinforcements will also be carried out.

We must now re-examine whether it is worth using precious aircraft carrier fighters to exchange money with the enemy."

The reality is so cruel. No matter how superior the performance of the fighters in the aircraft carrier formation is, bombers are after all Bombers still have to be cool when encountering specialized fighters.

Coupled with the enemy's intensive anti-aircraft firepower, Cam Ranh Bay is clearly a dragon's pool and a tiger's den. If the raid fails and turns into a forceful attack, it is still unknown whether the aircraft carrier formation can sustain it.

In the event of heavy losses, the aircraft carrier fleet built by the Vienna government with a lot of money will be useless after a wave of losses.

You must know that this thing is used to deal with enemy warships, not for air combat. If we really want to fight in the air, that is the business scope of the Air Force.

Chief of Staff Ebert Gupostela: "Your Excellency Commander, the task given to us at home is to carry out sabotage and minimize the flow of materials from the Far East into the British Isles.

Compared with the vast empire, the British Isles are really too small. Small. Once outside supplies are removed, the war potential will be greatly damaged.

In this context, it is the British who are anxious to seek a decisive battle. As long as we block the Strait of Malacca, half of the task is completed.

As for how Solving the problem of the Royal Navy's Far East Fleet is not a matter of a day or two. As long as we stabilize the situation, we can slowly seek opportunities later."

Conservative or rigid?
No, this is rational.

War serves politics. If the Holy Roman Empire wants to win this war, the first thing it must do is cut off the supply of supplies to the British Isles.

As long as this strategic goal is achieved, success or failure on other local battlefields is not important overall.

All of them are serving this war. There is absolutely no intention to be cowardly. At most, they just respect their true intentions.

Rear Admiral Davidson: "Chief of Staff, you are right. It is the British who are anxious for a decisive battle now. If they delay, we will take Singapore first and lock the Strait of Malacca.

At the same time, the war to break diplomatic relations must also be carried out. Get started quickly. Our greatest advantage is our colonies all over Southeast Asia.

Once this advantage is brought into play, it will not be that simple for the British to transport supplies from the Far East to the British Isles.

If this happens In order to ensure the smooth flow of the coastline, the British Far East Fleet cannot even think of a decisive battle with us."

Passivity and initiative are very important, not only means the right to speak, but more importantly, they can influence the choice of the location for the decisive battle.

It is always more advantageous to fight at one's own doorstep than to go on an expedition to fight at someone else's doorstep. If you're lucky, even the Air Force can come out and join in the fun.

...

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1121 Fine-tuning the plan2021-01-16 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 The war really broke out, but the first reaction it brought to everyone was not shock, but a deep sigh of relief.

There is no way around it. The topic of hegemonic war has been hyped in newspapers for several months.

As if before a storm, the air was filled with a depressing atmosphere. In recent months, the European people have been living in a tense atmosphere, and their nerves have been aroused.

Now that the war has really broken out, everyone's tense nerves have finally relaxed.

The people's nerves are relaxed, but the nerves of governments around the world are highly tense. Especially if you need to gamble on France, Belgium, and the Netherlands, you won't dare to relax for a moment.

The city gate caught fire, affecting the fish in the pond. Too much has happened in history, and the politics of these days are really not friendly to small countries at all.

Although France is not a small country, it is not uncommon for the boss and the second child to fight in a decisive battle and accidentally kill the third, fourth, fifth, sixth... not only in shopping malls, but also in international competitions .

France, which is exhausted and injured, has not yet emerged from the shadow of the war, and now it simply cannot withstand the torment.

Unfortunately, most of the forward airfields of the Shinra Air Force are located in northern France, and the enemy's front headquarters is located in Calais.

It is only a few dozen kilometers away from the famous Dunkirk in later generations; the straight-line distance to the closest place to the British Isles is less than 70 kilometers.

To be able to sit firmly on the throne of the King of France without being driven out by others, Carlos is naturally not an ordinary person.

He may not have great talents or extraordinary internal affairs abilities, but Carlos still has the most basic strategic vision.

In recent years, the Holy Roman Empire has continued to build several military sites along the coast of France, clearly targeting the British.

Carlos has long been aware of the Shinra Air Force's plan to bomb the British Isles, or the strategy of bombing London.

If you just need to borrow a venue or need to provide logistical supplies, that's fine. The problem is that once the strategic bombing of the Shinra Air Force is launched, the British are bound to retaliate.

Carlos didn't know if the British Air Force could drop bombs on the mainland of Shinra. Anyway, there would be no pressure at all if the bombs were dropped on the mainland of France.

With the hit rate of aircraft bombings these days, even if they don't intentionally seek trouble, France will have to pay a heavy price just for destroying airports in coastal areas.

"Thirty years to the east of the river, thirty years to the west of the river."

Now the French government has lost its right to speak in the international community. There are only two choices left for them: either accept the situation happily; or have a gun put to their neck and force them to accept the reality.

At the Palace of Versailles, the slightly older Carlos asked: "How is the communication going? Does the Vienna government agree to increase our anti-aircraft firepower?"

It's not easy to be a king, especially the king of France. As if cursed, every French regime since the Revolution has been very short-lived.

In less than a hundred years, the Bonaparte, Orleans, and Bourbon dynasties have all gone through it.

After finally succeeding in the restoration, Carlos naturally did not want to be driven out again. In order to consolidate his rule, Carlos has been working hard since he succeeded to the throne.

In addition to sorting out domestic affairs and cleaning up domestic messes, there have also been great breakthroughs in diplomacy.

Although it has not yet broken away from the shackles of the Vienna Peace Conference, it has eased relations with European countries, especially the relationship with the Vienna government.

Foreign Minister Pietro: "No, we were rejected again, but we still opened a loophole.

The Vienna government said that the Allies would protect our security. They did not think that the British army would carry out bombings deep inland. As long as they are along the coast It's enough to deploy regional defenses. There is no need to increase the anti -aircraft firepower of inland cities.” There is no doubt that this is obviously not a problem of anti-aircraft firepower. "Every injustice has its owner, and every debt has its owner." The protagonist of this hegemonic war is the Holy Roman Empire. France is just making up the numbers, and it is not worth targeting specifically.

Using the excuse of ensuring people's safety to demand increased anti-aircraft firepower is not only a real concern, but also a test of the Vienna system.

It is unrealistic to completely get rid of the shackles on your body. Any hint of ambition in this regard will bring disaster to fragile France.

But things still need to be done. If France wants to embark on the path of healthy development, it must first return to the order of a normal country.

It is a pity that the Vienna government is unwilling to let go. As vested interests, the anti-French alliance countries have no hope.

After thinking about it, Carlos sighed: "Forget it, it seems that now is not the time to talk about this. Let's look for opportunities after the hatred fades!
How is the communication with the British? Is it possible... "

Seeing the gloomy look on the Foreign Minister's face, Carlos knew that the outcome was not optimistic, and he naturally couldn't say anything else.

It makes sense to think about it. Judging from the hundreds of years of "traditional friendship" between Britain and France, stabbing each other with knives is a normal operation.

Just relying on the French government's reputation, it is unreliable to prevent British fighter planes from attacking the French mainland.

...

December 29, 1904, weather: sunny, wind force 2 to 3, heavy fog in London...

Looking at the information from the meteorological department, as Air Force General Marvin Antonio Chavez, at this moment His face was ashen.

It's true that it's good weather again, but it's a pity that the weather is only good in the "Calais area", and London is still full of smog.

In an area with visibility less than fifty meters, it is almost impossible to hit the target accurately.

In addition to the low hit rate, the bigger problem is the safety of the aircraft itself. Not only is it easy to get lost, but collisions are also possible.

Time waits for no one, the war has broken out. No matter how great the difficulties we are facing now, battles must be fought.

Admiral Malvern: "The core military ports of the British Isles are London, Liverpool, and Aberdeen. The main force of the Royal Navy's home fleet also docks at the above three ports.

Our bombing target this time is also the above three ports. It's just that in recent times, the weather in London has been too bad and the visibility is very low, making it unsuitable for air force operations.

Considering the actual situation, the country decided to attack Liverpool and Aberdeen first, and as for the symbolic bombing of London That's it. There's no need to risk going deeper.

The relevant information was sent to each of you three days ago. Now we are starting to formulate a detailed battle plan, striving to..."

It is impossible to do it hard. London has smog as a cover. , it is easy to bomb London, but it is very difficult to cause effective damage.

When the hit rate cannot be guaranteed, the only option is to pile up the quantity, but unfortunately the quantity cannot be obtained now.

The Shinra Air Force naturally has no shortage of personnel and aircraft. The problem lies in safety. High-altitude bombing is okay and is relatively less affected by smog; once it is flown at low altitude, it will be a tragedy, and the aircraft may crash and kill people at any time.

Loss-making transactions cannot be made. In this context, the bombing target is temporarily changed. It is entirely appropriate to target other British port cities.

The first thing to be unlucky is naturally the military port. Being able to catch the Royal Navy and beat them up together, there is really no reason to refuse.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1122 Air Raid2021-01-17 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 The soft sunshine shines on the earth, and the warm atmosphere is intoxicating. On the pier, the sound of the ship's boiler was already ringing, and it was another busy day.

"Tom, you know? We are at war with the Austrians."

Everyone was already used to the man in gray's self-questioning opening remarks. The work on the dock is boring and boring, so you have to find some fun and relax.

Chatting is undoubtedly the cheapest way to spend time. It just so happened that there were so many people coming and going on the pier, and it was the most well-informed place, so there were a lot of topics to talk about.

Tom rolled his eyes and put the goods in his hands on his lap: "John, are you talking nonsense?

I also know that we are not only going to war with the Austrians, but also with all European countries. Starting from work today, the big shots Just talking, I'm not deaf.

But what does this have to do with us? You still have to work, do you want to join the army?"

In Britain, there is a threshold for "joining the army", not just the body Enlist in the army if you are strong and clean.

In peacetime, there are only so many lobster soldiers, so there is no need for large-scale recruitment; the navy has higher requirements, and illiterate people basically don't think about it.

Now that the war has broken out, the lobster soldiers have indeed begun to expand their recruitment, but now they will be used as cannon fodder.

At the same time, they start a war with the entire European continent. The Royal Navy is really not afraid of naval battles. In land battles, they will die wherever they hit.

Ordinary people may not be very knowledgeable, but they still have the most basic common sense.

"Tch!" John said disdainfully: "Tom, this is all you know. Do you think I'm a fool for joining the army at this time?"

After a pause for a few seconds, and seeing that Tom didn't reply, John said to himself: "Don't think that The war has nothing to do with us. Prices will definitely rise with the war.

Don't forget that we import millions of tons of agricultural products from the Holy Roman Empire every year. Now that they are suddenly gone, how can such a big gap be filled?
There is still war. At the same time, our trade with European countries will also be interrupted. It is estimated that the work on the dock will also be reduced in the future."

Nothing else matters. Prices will rise and there will be less work on the dock, but it will have a profound impact on In everyone's mind.

They all began to calculate how much food they could store in their homes; what else could they do next after the work on the dock was gone.

The more I thought about it, the more serious the problem became. For a moment, everyone's expressions became clouded, and their interest in chatting was lost.

Suddenly, a sharp whistling sound sounded, followed by an overwhelming swarm of aircraft.

Due to technology constraints, aviation fuel is also very expensive these days. If you have nothing to do, the British Air Force will never concentrate so many fighter planes on it.

The workers at the port had not yet reacted, but the Royal Navy stationed not far away noticed the problem.

I don't know who shouted "enemy attack", and then there was an overwhelming explosion in my ears.

Bricks, soil, tiles, and even human body parts were flying in the air, and cries, shouts, and cries for help were heard endlessly.

Looking down from the sky, there are only three colors left in the whole world: the azure blue of the sea, the gray-black splashing everywhere, and the eye-catching bright red mixed with it.

The scene that happened in front of him shocked Major General Winston on duty. After reacting, he immediately ordered: "Quick, order everyone to board the ship, set sail, and leave the port!"

Organize air defense?

This is the Port of Liverpool, located in northwest England, hundreds of kilometers from the nearest point on the European continent.

No one thought beforehand that this place would be attacked by air raids. Even if it is preparing for air defense, London is doing it.

However, the winter smog saved London. Liverpool, a port city that was considered safe, was severely hammered by the Shinra Air Force.

There was no way, who made them happen to be within the bombing coverage of the Shinra Air Force? If it were further away, such as Aberdeen in Scotland, it would escape due to distance.

If it were just the proximity, then Hastings and Margate, located in the Strait of Dover, less than a hundred kilometers away from the European continent, seemed more deserving of bombing.

Unfortunately, Hastings and Margate are both small rural places, more like larger towns than cities, and are not worth targeting specifically.

In contrast, Liverpool is different. Perhaps in later generations, London was the only one, and this port city was very inconspicuous; but now it is the core city of Britain, second only to London in importance.

As the commercial center of Britain and the second largest commercial port in the country, its foreign trade volume accounts for 1/4 of the country's total trade volume. Exports rank first in Britain, imports second only to London.

In addition to its prosperous commerce, it is also the manufacturing center of Britain, especially the shipbuilding industry, which ranks among the top three in the world.

However, this heavy industrial city is also one of the main bases of the Royal Navy. So many conditions came together to create today's tragedy.

It was impossible to count on air defense. With just a few anti-aircraft artillery pieces and a few anti-aircraft machine guns, it was simply unrealistic to deal with an overwhelming group of bombers.

Warships can run outside, and as long as they move, their survivability will greatly increase, but docks and ports cannot run away and can only stay in place as targets.

Telegrams asking for help have already been sent out. Now Major General Winston can only pray for God's blessing: the enemy's accuracy was not enough and he did not cause major damage to the port and shipyard.

Deep down in his heart, Winston had already greeted all the defenders and bureaucrats in the cities along the way.

Hundreds of enemy planes passed through the border without even issuing an early warning, which was clearly a dereliction of duty.

In fact, Major General Winston was wrong. The warning was issued, but it was sent to London, not Liverpool.

In the era before radar, air defense could only be seen with the naked eye or heard with the ears.

When the enemy plane was discovered, the enemy was already overhead. Not everyone is a strategist and can judge the enemy's strategic goals at a glance from the direction.

When an enemy plane is discovered and an early warning is issued after confirmation, bureaucrats also need reaction time.

Coupled with the time required for reporting at all levels, the time spent waiting for the London government to make a decision will not be faster than that of enemy aircraft.

If Major General Winston was willing to wait patiently, he might receive a telegram warning of an enemy attack in a while.

Of course, we may not be able to receive it this time, because at the same time that Liverpool was attacked by air raids, London also became a battlefield.

Although the existence of smog was not conducive to launching air strikes, bombing London was of great political significance, and whether it could achieve results was secondary.

As the capital of the British Empire, London's air defense capabilities are naturally not comparable to those of Liverpool, which is unprepared.

The air defense siren had been wailing for a long time, and along with the explosion of bombs and the roar of artillery, the whole city was plunged into chaos.

The impact of the haze is two-way. The Shinra Air Force cannot accurately locate the target below, so it simply relies on character.

Throw bombs down from super high altitudes, and whatever they explode doesn't matter. The outcome depends entirely on God's will.

Those in the sky cannot see the ground clearly, and those below cannot see the sky clearly. British anti-aircraft artillery and machine guns were also firing indiscriminately.

Estimating the results achieved, the losses caused by the falling shrapnel after the bomb exploded may not be as great as those caused to oneself.

But it's not possible without ejaculation. Everyone needs comfort in their hearts. What's more, only when the artillery shells are fired can it be proved that it is conducting air defense.

For the sake of survival, the British government has been forced to move into air-raid shelters to work. Originally, Prime Minister Campbell refused, but the enemy bombed too fiercely, and a shell happened to fall on the government office building.

Fortunately, the quality of the building was excellent. Only the top was damaged and the entire building did not collapse.

Probably the capitalists knew where this place was and did not cut corners, otherwise the British government would be destroyed.

Of course, the biggest contributor is the haze. Because of the low visibility, they were unable to accurately aim at the targets below. The Shinra fighters involved in the bombing were all equipped with ammunition that focused on the killing range and had limited lethality against single targets.

Once you have escaped one disaster, no one can guarantee that you will be able to escape the next disaster. In the face of the cruel reality, we have to move even if we don't want to move.

Definitely not because of fear, but mainly to ensure the smoothness of the British Empire's command system, everyone had to sacrifice their personal...

Entering the safe zone in disgrace, Campbell's mood was naturally not much better. He glanced at the Air Force Minister and asked sternly: "Where is our air force, and why hasn't it taken off to intercept it yet?"

Facing the Prime Minister's question, Air Force Minister Attilio explained helplessly: "The fog in London is too heavy, and the city's airports have long been closed. , our air force can only transfer to the airport in a nearby city.

The combat order was issued as soon as the air strike occurred. Our fighter planes have already begun to take off and are on their way."

There is no way, the winter in London is Such a trap. Under the thick fog, the plane flew out without any problem, but it was awkward when landing.

No matter how experienced the pilot is, there is no way to accurately find the airport and land in a world with visibility less than fifty meters.

As a last resort, the Air Force could only place airports in surrounding cities. There is no problem in normal times, but it becomes troublesome in war years.

Whether it is issuing an order or taking off to rush over, it takes time. Being able to reach the battlefield within an hour is high efficiency.

Every minute on the battlefield is precious, let alone an hour. After such a long time, the enemy had completed a round of bombing and fled.

Mainly due to lack of experience and lack of a complete early warning mechanism. But as for London's spooky weather, in an era without radar, it was really not that difficult to get early warning.

In the original time and space, German airships could fly over London, let alone airplanes now.

Although the actual lethality is not great, the mental damage caused is great! After such a twists and turns, it is estimated that the confidence of London citizens in the war will fall to the bottom.

Prime Minister Campbell said cautiously: "Order the Air Force to hit the enemy head-on at all costs. Let the Austrians know that London is not a place where they can come or leave whenever they want!"

...

The potential is huge . It was forced out. Under the forced order of the military department, the British Air Force exploded with unparalleled potential, completed the liftoff in the shortest time, and rushed to London as quickly as possible.

The Third Air Corps led by Colonel James was one of the best. As a representative of the British Air Force, it was the first to arrive over London.

However, what greeted him was not flowers or applause, but enemy planes rushing towards him.

There was no way, the military department's order was too urgent, and there was no time to assemble, so they rushed to London in a swarm.

The Third Air Corps, which was the closest and the fastest to respond, was in tragedy. After arriving on the battlefield, everything we could see was enemy planes.

"Fake!"

After an angry curse, Colonel James hurriedly ordered a retreat. Ten-man enemies are common, but a fighter that can defeat ten has not yet been born.

At least the Third Air Corps led by James does not have such strength. There's no shame in running away if you can't win. Anyway, the fog in London is thick enough, and the people below don't know what's happening in the sky.

It's a pity that it's too late. It takes time for the fighter plane to turn around when flying at high speed. In such a short time, the enemy's fighter plane was already approaching.

Seeing that there was nothing he could do, Colonel James immediately ordered: "The enemy's fighter planes are faster than ours and can't escape. Prepare to fight!" The confrontation began. Almost every British fighter plane was blocked by two or three Austrian planes. The siege was a tragic scene.

The whistling bullets rubbed past his ears. Colonel James, who had saved his life from death, saw that two fighter planes were missing from the team before he could breathe a sigh of relief.

Immediately afterwards, two waves of violent explosions were heard below. The power of a plane hitting a building is not comparable to that of ordinary bombs.

It is estimated that these should be the two most powerful blows since the air raid. Whether or not we achieve results depends on God's will.

Regardless of worrying about the compatriots below, Colonel James could only hope that his teammates would come faster, otherwise his Third Air Corps would be in disgrace.

The second round of confrontation has begun. There are more enemy fighters participating in the siege, but his teammates have not yet appeared. Colonel James is already filled with despair.

At the critical moment, the miracle did not appear. The absolute strength gap cannot be made up by luck, not to mention that Colonel James's Third Air Corps itself is not very lucky.

But if God shows any favor, they will not be the first to arrive and fall into the siege of the enemy.

After struggling for three rounds, in the fourth round, Colonel James's Third Air Corps had only the last two fighters left.

If you observe carefully, you will find that the outer shells of these two fighters are full of bullet marks. Being able to persist until now is entirely due to their excellent professional quality and avoiding fatal injuries.

At this moment, the shadow of his teammates finally appeared on the horizon, but Colonel James only felt depressed in his heart.

"Another one is going to die!"

Although he knew that he shouldn't think this way, his true thoughts were beyond the control of his own will.

(End of chapter)

