Chapter 1130 Borrowing2021-01-23 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 the Way Across the Ocean, as the second member of the Ocean Alliance, the United States has been particularly lively recently, and there has been a complete quarrel over whether to send troops to join the war.

Not only are members of Congress divided into several factions quarreling, but the people are also divided into several factions. With the media's fueling the flames, it has now become the hottest topic in American society.

It was not easy for all parties to reach an agreement, but as news of the London bombing came, everyone quarreled again.

After all the efforts, everyone was finally applied, but the bad news of the Malacca naval battle came again.

The continuous bad news almost drove Theodore Roosevelt to collapse. It is not easy to be the president of the United States, and the domestic position has never been unified.

The United States was born out of Britain, and the British and American capitals were in a real sense. Their interests prompted the United States to side with the British.

As for the Holy Roman Empire, it was an outlier in the capitalist world. Although it is also classified as a capitalist country, what is being played internally is nationalism.

There are a lot of restrictions and conditions, and the bourgeoisie is suppressed to death. In particular, the management of financial capital has become more stringent, even to the point of harshness.

If the Holy Roman Empire won the war and the HRE model dominated the world, it would be an absolute disaster for the capital world.

If the interests were not too involved and he was fooled into boarding the ship by the British early on, based on Britain's performance on the battlefield, Roosevelt would have stopped playing with the British long ago.

But the reality is cruel, the United States is too deeply influenced by Britain. Both political culture and economic industry are tied to the British.

In the original time and space after World War II, the Americans were able to smoothly take over Britain's world hegemony because of the strings held by these interest groups.

I have to admit that the British influence is very powerful these days. While wooing the United States, it can even stabilize the Confederacy.

If the hatred between the North and the South was not so deep, it is estimated that the two countries might even be in the same trench now.

Of course, this has something to do with the laissez-faire attitude of the Vienna government.

The more allies, the better. In addition to having consistent interests, choosing allies must also consider the resulting responsibilities and impacts.

The power of the Holy Roman Empire in the Americas was good at holding on to its own colonies, but it was obviously not possible to provide security to its allies.

Influenced by Franz, the pragmatic Vienna government never did anything beyond its capabilities.

Winning allies in America, where its own strength is weak, is naturally carried out quietly. Anyway, they are just making up the numbers, and they are not qualified to be cannon fodder. Before the situation is unclear, there is no need for these countries to take the lead.

The real significance of winning over allies lies in the construction of the post-war international situation. It is obviously better to have allies to cooperate with you than to attack directly. For a hegemonic country, the more younger brothers the better.

President Roosevelt asked with concern: "Have the evaluation results of the expert group come out? What are the chances of the British winning?"

Deep down, he prefers the British. The United States is also supporting Britain in this war, but for this war Roosevelt still had no idea about the victory or defeat.

There is no way. After the division of the United States, it is definitely not a problem of 3-1=2. In terms of comprehensive national strength, it is only half of the original time and space at the same time, and the industrial strength has been particularly weakened.

Even if Britain and the United States were combined, there was still a qualitative gap between them and the Holy Roman Empire. The only advantage is probably that in name, the Ocean Alliance covers a wider territory, has a larger population, and is richer in resources.

But the war is not just about territory, population and resources. It will take a long process for these things to be converted into military strength.

Otherwise, the population of British India alone would be almost the same as that of the entire Continental Alliance; the territory and resources controlled by the Oceanic Alliance would far exceed those of the Continental Alliance.

If the conversion efficiency had not been high, this war would have been one-sided towards the Oceanic Alliance, and Britain would not have been suppressed by the Holy Roman Empire.

Secretary of State Castro replied seriously: "The current situation is very bad, and the situation is developing in a direction that is unfavorable to us.

Before the outbreak of the war, the expert team assessed that the Oceanic Alliance's chance of winning was as high as 86.7%; after the bombing of London , dropped by ten percentage points; after the results of the Malacca Naval Battle came out, the expert group lowered it again by twenty percentage points.

It seems that the Ocean Alliance still has a higher chance of winning, but this is the most ideal state, and we must deal with extraordinary circumstances.

For example : The Russians sent troops to India, or the fall of the Cape of Good Hope, the fall of British East Africa, the fall of Indochina, and the occupation of Persia by the HRE Army, etc.

Frankly speaking, I am very doubtful about the combat effectiveness of the British Army. If no external force intervenes, with their I am afraid that our strength cannot stop the enemy's front."

Although the world war broke out, the only real participants in the war were Britain and the Holy Roman Empire, and at most Japan and the Russian Empire. The remaining participating countries were in the preparation stage.

As the situation took a turn for the worse, the British government naturally wanted to pull its allies away. As the second largest country in the alliance, the United States must take practical actions.

After pausing for a cup of coffee, Roosevelt said fiercely: "In this case, then find a way to help the British defend their territory.

Other countries may have a way out, but we cannot. The Vienna government is hostile to us. , It's not just a day or two.

Since the beginning of the Civil War, they have never given up suppressing us. Now everyone has declared war on each other, but they will not stop whenever there is an opportunity to weaken us."

In fact, the North and the South have Since the war, the suppression against the United States has come not only from the Holy Roman Empire, but also from many European countries. The only difference lies in the intensity of the suppression.

These include restricting the influx of immigrants, blocking high-tech technologies, and unequal treatment in trade.

It was not until the establishment of the free trade system that the United States became a dumping market for European goods, and its political life became easier.

Everyone knows the underlying reason. It is simply that the chosen country is too wealthy and has great development potential, which has aroused the jealousy and fear of European countries.

In order to change this passive situation, the Washington government naturally moved closer to Britain, which had the same origin. It happened that the British were also ostracized by the European world, and the two parties hit it off immediately.

No matter how the international situation changes, the internal reasons for the Holy Roman Empire's suppression of the United States still exist, and it has become a problem that the US government must face up to.

...

The blood-red sunset is gradually fading, planes are still circling in the sky, artillery fire is still roaring on the ground, and the overwhelming shouts of killing seem to tear the whole world apart.

Putting down the telescope, Archduke Friedrich sighed.

After a day of fighting, thousands of casualties were paid, and the position was only advanced less than a mile.

Facing the declining Persian Empire, it was obviously unsatisfactory to achieve only such a record.

There is no way, the enemy is already prepared. Caught between three big gangsters, Britain, Russia and Austria, the Persian Empire was always on tenterhooks.

As the saying goes, "Be born in sorrow and die in happiness." Although the Persian Empire has declined, it is facing the threat of three gangsters at the same time, and the crisis awareness of the ruling class is still indispensable.

In order to protect itself, the Persian government has always taken advantage of the contradictions between the three countries to swing back and forth, just not taking sides.

In normal times, doing this is naturally the best choice. As a buffer zone between the three major powers, it does not need to take a stand. Taking sides will only put itself in a dangerous situation.

Unexpectedly, the times are developing, and the international situation is also changing. The Persian government, which has not kept up with the pace, made a wrong judgment when the hegemonic war broke out, triggering this war.

Although the Vienna government repeatedly assured that it was only attacking India through the road and would not seek Persian land, the Persians did not believe it.

Perhaps it was because the Turkic ancestors left behind the allusion of "false roads to conquer Guo" that the Persian government made a wrong judgment.

Not only did he reject the Vienna government's proposal to borrow a passage, he also hooked up with the British. Of course, it was the British who came to help.

But this is not the point. It involves the Vienna government's second strategic plan, which is related to the success or failure of the hegemonic war. Naturally, there is no room for any tenderness.

Since we can't reach an agreement diplomatically, we can only meet on the battlefield. The style of the overlord country is so simple and unpretentious.

The line of defense in front of us was painstakingly built by the Persian government using more than 100,000 workers over several years.

Probably because the Persian government felt that turtle shells could give people a sense of security, they not only built fortifications on the border with the HRE, but also had defense lines on the borders with the Russians and the British.

Facts have proved that the fortifications are still effective. If there were no such fortifications to rely on and a direct battle, the winner would probably be decided by now.

After looking at the sky, Archduke Friedrich gave up his plan to fight at night. Although the Army needs to scramble for time, time is not something that can be grabbed in this way.

I went to the front line in person and saw all the fighting during the day. It's not that the Shinra Army is incompetent, it's that the enemy is well prepared.

Not only were a large number of traps dug along the way, but many mines were also planted, making it difficult for the tanks and armor to exert their power.

The attack speed during the day was slow, largely due to the time delayed by mine clearance.

According to the current situation, it is not difficult to break through the enemy's defense line, but it is difficult to break through the enemy's defense line in a short time.

Of course, as long as you are willing to sacrifice your life to fill it up, there is still hope.

It's a pity that taking human lives is a unique skill of the Russians. Playing like this in the Holy Roman Empire, even if Archduke Friedrich was a member of the royal family, he would not be able to afford it.

"Order the troops to stop attacking."

With the withdrawal signal, the day's battle was over. Friedrich was alone in the headquarters looking at the map in a daze.

After repeated research, Friedrich came to the conclusion: the Holy Roman Empire now needed cannon fodder troops.

The Persians can use the terrain to build defense lines, not to mention the British. The battle that follows will inevitably cost lives.

Perhaps in the eyes of ordinary people, sacrificing 1.8 million soldiers to capture India is definitely a cost-effective deal.

But Friedrich was different. As one of the few insiders in the empire, he was very aware of the domestic attitude towards India.

To describe it in one sentence: This is not the food of the Holy Roman Empire.

If you look at colonial history, you will know that from Austria to the Holy Roman Empire, the goal of colonization has always been in vast and sparsely populated areas.

India, with its large population, has no great strategic significance to the empire except for short-term plunder of wealth.

Now targeting India, the real purpose is to put pressure on the British and force the British government to expend national power in a decisive land battle.

If too much sacrifice is made for this, the strategic significance will be lost. Especially when the Air Force and Navy are performing well, the Army cannot suffer "heavy casualties."

Establishing a cannon fodder unit may seem simple, but in fact it affects the whole body. Not only should we consider cost-effectiveness, but also the political impact.

These problems cannot be solved by Friedrich, the commander-in-chief in front of the enemy. Only the emperor has the power to decide on the organization of the army.

...

The next day, Archduke Friedrich with panda eyes appeared in everyone's sight.

"Order the 3rd, 9th, and 36th Divisions to launch a feint attack from the front, and order the 7th, 13th, and 18th Divisions to attack Persia through the Russian Empire!"

There is no doubt that this is It's a small gamble without risk. If the Persians had not strengthened their defenses on the northern front, or if their defenses were not tight enough, they would have been doomed.

If there is preparedness, it will also lengthen the front between the two countries. The longer the front is drawn, the greater the consumption of materials will be, and the more difficult it will be to provide logistical supplies.

The fact that the Holy Roman Empire, with its great family and great business, could afford these consumptions did not mean that the Persians could also withstand the horrific consumption brought about by the long front.

Even with the support of British allies, how much resources can the British allocate to aid Persia now that they have too much to take care of themselves?
The combat staff on the side reminded: "Your Excellency, Commander, we have not communicated with the Russians yet, and rashly crossing the border to borrow a passage may cause misunderstandings."

Cross-border borrowing to attack is definitely not an easy task. Under normal circumstances, it is impossible for any sovereign to agree, especially a big country like Russia.

Friedrich shook his head: "No, this is not a cross-border crossing. We are just jointly attacking Persia with the Russian army.

Don't forget that the Tsarist government also declared war on Persia. As allies, we jointly sent troops to attack Persia. What's the problem?"

Declaring it without fighting can't be said on the table. Legally speaking, the Russian Empire was already at war with the Persian Empire.

According to the provisions of the Russian-Austrian Covenant, during joint operations, the Russian army as an ally is obliged to cooperate with the HRE army in launching an attack.

As for whether failure to communicate with the Tsarist government in advance would cause diplomatic disputes, that was not within the scope of Friedrich's consideration.

If these problems cannot be solved, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Holy Roman Empire will not be worthy of the praise of "the pinnacle of diplomacy".

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1131 HRE Version of Sea Lion Project2021-01-25Author : Xin Haiyue 1 The little story that happened on the Persian front line did not attract the attention of the Vienna government. Different identities have different perspectives on problems.

In Franz's view, whether it was borrowing the passage or coercing the Russian army to attack Persia, it could only be regarded as a minor problem.

The Russians have been drooling over India for more than a day or two. No matter what the top officials of the tsarist government think now, the nobles and bureaucrats in the country can no longer stand it.

Even with the constraints of the Far East battlefield, it cannot stop the Russian ambitions for India. Especially after the HRE Navy's victory in the Battle of Malacca, the Russians' confidence in the Continental Alliance's victory in the war skyrocketed.

Within the Russian Empire, the voices of the warring factions have soared into the sky. What the Russian nobles are most worried about now is: "It's too late, the British have surrendered."

This was not aimless. This was the case in the previous European wars. The French surrendered before they could exert their strength.

The British Empire is much richer than France, and India alone makes the Russians want to stop. If you start too late and miss the opportunity to carve up India, there will be no regrets.

Under this background, the Russian troops on the front line will not only not obstruct it, but may even join in directly.

Anyway, this is not the first time that Russia and Austria have fought jointly. According to past cases, not only will the logistics be guaranteed when fighting with the Austrian army, but even the food standards will be several levels higher.

As for political issues, people with different stances have different views. Perhaps in the eyes of other war factions, those who hinder the launch of war are "national traitors".

Once an established fact is established, Nicholas II, with his indecisive character, can do nothing but hold his nose and admit it.

The Russians have joined the war, do they still need to worry about cannon fodder? The worst that can happen is to carve out a piece of India after the war and give it to the Russians.

What can attract Franz's attention now is the European battlefield. The military was no longer satisfied with the bombing of the British Isles. The army, sea and air forces jointly developed a grand strategy to land on the British Isles.

"We are about to land on the British Isles now. Isn't it too hasty?"

I have to admit that air supremacy is a good thing. The Holy Roman Empire, which controls air supremacy, stunned the British in the early stages of the war.

So much so that even without controlling the sea, the Shinra military was preparing to force a landing.

Once the landing is successful, the countdown to war begins. A group of temporarily recruited militiamen were unable to stop the Shinra Army's attack.

But landing is not easy. Although the British are performing very poorly now, it is just that they have not adapted to this war.

If he really reacted, John Bull wouldn't be so easy to deal with. Even if you can't overturn the game, you can at least struggle a few times.

Chief of Staff Morkes: "Your Majesty, this is the best choice to end the war in a short time.

The British have not yet reacted, and their thinking mode is still stuck in the European War. This is the best opportunity.

As long as it succeeds After completing the landing, it will take less than three months for us to defeat the British and win this war.

If we follow the conventional strategy, it will be difficult for us to win this war without one or two years.

In order to win the war in the shortest time, Minimize war losses as much as possible, and it is acceptable to take some risks."

"Watching a world war in three months" is exciting to think about, and this is obviously cheating.

If the war could end in such a short period of time, the British allies would basically be in vain.

Anyway, Franz did not believe that American countries could complete mobilization and send troops to the European battlefield in just three months.

Of course, in this case, the tactics of breaking up the relationship planned earlier were in vain. No matter how hard the lockdown is, the British Isles still have supplies for three months.

Franz had no special requirements in this regard. As long as he can win the war, he can accept it no matter what style of play he uses.

After hesitating again and again, Franz said slowly: "Let's try it first, but the plan must be more careful. We can't let the enemy take advantage of the loopholes and cause too many casualties to the attacking troops."

Facts have proved that every politician There is no shortage of risk-taking genes. The only difference lies in whether the gene is dominant or recessive.

Forced landing on the British Isles seems to have no problems, but in fact there are many hidden dangers.

The main force of the Royal Navy is still there, and the British Air Force also retains a certain amount of strength. If they find an opportunity, the possibility of heavy losses is very high.

The failure of the "Sea Lion Project" in the original time and space was also caused by a combination of factors. The seeds had been planted as early as the Dunkirk battle.

Of course, the most important thing was that a certain guy suddenly had a brain attack: he changed the focus of the air strike to bombing London, which gave the British Air Force a chance to breathe and averted the danger.

Naturally, Franz would not turn a blind eye to the lessons of history. Although the Shinra Air Force was also bombing London, the strategic purpose was completely different.

Germany's third bombing of London was aimed at the command system, in an attempt to use the bombing to plunge London into chaos, collapse the British command system, and force the British to surrender.

The bombing of the Shinra Air Force was much simpler. It was directed at the British Air Force. The main purpose was to trap and kill the main force of the British Air Force.

In essence, the bombing of London was a cover. The actual target of the bombing was the British heavy industrial system.

In Franz's view, the significance of blowing up a large steel plant was no less than the annihilation of a division of British troops; destroying a shipyard was far more significant than sinking a battleship.

In the absence of a wet nurse, once they lose their own hematopoietic mechanism, it is only a matter of time before the British lose the war.

There were options with higher certainty, so Franz would naturally not take the risk. But it's different now. The risk has been reduced to a controllable range.

The worst result is nothing more than the loss of a few ships and tens of thousands of troops, which is completely affordable for the current Holy Roman Empire.

...

The launch of the Shinra version of the "Sea Lion Project" does not mean that the previous strategy is invalidated. There is no contradiction in itself, and it is entirely possible to do both at the same time.

Changing strategic plans at will is definitely a taboo in the military. For example, so-and-so lost the country because of a hammer in the east and a stick in the west.

Having learned the lessons of history, Franz has always been cautious when it comes to strategic issues.

It seems that the Holy Roman Empire has many strategies, and it seems that there are key points everywhere, and there seems to be no key points, but in fact it is not the case.

In terms of strategic choices, big countries and small countries are completely different. Small countries are limited by their national strength, so they can just choose a direction and just fight to the death.

Don't expect to turn around or change midway, because small countries often only have one chance, and failure is the end.

In contrast, big countries are different. Abundant national power can support multiple strategies at the same time, even if one or two of them fail.

Compared with Britain, the Holy Roman Empire already had an advantage in national strength, so it was not surprising that multiple strategies were launched at the same time.

A careful study will reveal that a series of previous strategic plans by the Shinra military have a common feature: weakening Britain's war potential.

...

The sun sets in the west, leaving only the afterglow of the sunset. Two ships with British flags on the sea were heading toward Cam Ranh Bay, one behind the other.

From the vicissitudes of the cannons, one can vaguely tell that the ship behind is a warship. The warship walked behind the merchant ship and stayed so close, it looked weird no matter how you looked at it.

Getting closer, getting closer, the wire rope connecting the merchant ship and the warship was exposed to everyone's sight. It turned out that the warship was being dragged forward by the merchant ship.

The warship finally entered the port. The surviving officers and soldiers on the warship breathed a collective sigh of relief. As the lucky one who escaped the Battle of Malacca, the Hayate also paid a heavy price.

It can be seen from the dense bullet marks on the surface that the Hayate has been destroyed a lot. If you observe carefully, you will find that the draft of the Hayate is extremely deep, as if it is overloaded.

Overloading was impossible, and everything that could be abandoned on the ship in order to escape was abandoned halfway.

Since it is not overloaded, the result is very obvious. Fortunately, the Hayate adopts a closed cabin design, otherwise just the water in the warship could kill people.

Perhaps it was because he was running too fast while escaping. After getting rid of the enemy's pursuit, the power system of the Gale was completely paralyzed.

If it hadn't happened to encounter a British merchant ship halfway, it is estimated that the Gale, which escaped the disaster, would have turned into a ghost ship.

As soon as the warship stopped, maintenance personnel quickly boarded the ship for inspection. It can be seen from the response speed that the maintenance engineers are definitely experienced, and it is obviously not the first time they have encountered this situation.

The result of the naval battle of Malacca has already been reported. After the initial chaos, the Royal Navy that stayed behind quickly entered a state of affairs.

No matter what, life has to pass. The outcome of the naval battle cannot be changed, but the aftermath still needs to be dealt with.

The main force of the Far East Fleet has been completely lost, and it exists in name only. Naturally, reinforcements cannot be sent out. The only thing that can be done is to carry out emergency repairs on the surviving warships in a timely manner.

There were no flowers, no applause, and no welcome party. It can be seen from the tense atmosphere that the situation in Cam Ranh Bay is not optimistic.

But this was a minor problem for Colonel Nigel, who had just escaped death. Being able to save a life is a blessing from God, no one cares about the situation.

Even if you want to think about the future, it's only after you go back and have a good sleep and relax completely.

...

Colonel Nigel said expressionlessly: "Your Majesty the Governor, the above is the entire story of the Malacca naval battle.

This is not a war at all. From the beginning to the end, we were passively beaten, and we did not even organize a decent counterattack.

After Admiral Michel ordered a dispersed retreat, we separated, and no one responded to the telegram sent later.

During the retreat, most of the enemy's fighter planes launched an offensive around the battleship, and the Elizabeth was probably killed." It can be seen that , Colonel Nigel was hit hard. There was no high-spiritedness in the past at all, his whole body was full of decadence, and his tone was full of "despair".

There was no way, the Royal Navy lost miserably in the Battle of Malacca. Not only has the arrogance of the past been lost, but everyone has also lost confidence in the future.

Colonel Nigel is one of them. In his view, with the strong rise of the air force, the navy will have less and less room to play in future wars.

However, the Holy Roman Empire is also the world's largest air force, leaving Britain far behind in the aviation field.

In the following battle, if there is no way to deal with the enemy's air force, no matter how strong the Royal Navy is, it will be difficult to display its true strength.

Since he has no desire, he has no desire. Since he has lost confidence in the future and is accountable for what may happen next, Colonel Nigel naturally becomes a Buddhist.

It's not like he deserted on the battlefield. Nigel ran away with the "Wind" only after receiving the order to retreat.

If he could bring back the "Wind", he would be worthy of the British Empire. Asking for more is too much.

However, someone always has to take the blame, and the best choice is naturally the fleet commander, Admiral Michel.

But this guy has probably met God, and everyone is tolerant of the dead. Now that Michelle has died on the battlefield, no matter how big a mistake he made, it has been written off.

Only living people can bear responsibility, and the smaller the backstage background, the higher the military rank and position, the more likely it is that the officer will become a scapegoat.

Unfortunately, Colonel Nigel was one of the candidates for the scapegoat. After all, most of those with higher levels than him were on the battleships, and the battleships were sinking to the bottom of the sea one after another.

"Colonel Nigel, we'll be here today. What you need now is to go back and take a hot bath, then have a good sleep, or go out and relax."

Not getting the news he wanted, Governor Evans still There was no intention to embarrass Nigel. Pursuing responsibility is something that will happen in the future, and right now we don't have to worry about it that much.

With the end of the Malacca Naval War, the international pattern in East Asia has been completely broken, and Cam Ranh Bay is no longer safe.

The enemy may attack at any time, and with Britain's strength in Indochina, there is almost no possibility of victory.

Once Indochina falls, Sir Evans, as governor, will also become one of the unlucky ones.

We are both fallen people at the end of the world, so there is no need to rush into each other.

You can tell by looking at the circles under his eyes that Governor Evans probably hasn't slept well in the past few days. Perhaps the British Empire still has a chance to make a comeback, but the British colonies in Indochina have no chance of counterattack.

...

The world does not change according to individual will. For the British, the situation in East Asia continues to deteriorate.

The once powerful British Far East Fleet has now become a lost dog, being chased around the world by the Continental Alliance.

Yes, Spain and the Netherlands also entered the war. Victory is the easiest thing to stimulate people's nerves. The originally reluctant West and Netherlands also changed their original minds.

After all, we are already on board, why not seek the greatest benefit for ourselves? The opportunity to beat up a drowned dog is rare, so naturally you can't miss it.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1132 The situation further deteriorates.2021-01-25Author : Xin Haiyue 1 The British Far East Fleet is miserable. They are both losers in the Battle of Malacca. The Japanese Navy will naturally not have an easy time.

Most of the naval wealth accumulated during the thirty years of the Meiji Restoration was destroyed in one day. The largest naval power in East Asia has directly become a joke.

For the newly emerging Japanese nationalism, the failure of the Malacca naval battle was obviously unacceptable.

With the news of the defeat, the slogan "God punish the traitsors" resounded throughout the Japanese archipelago.

Once hailed as the "Navy of National Hope," it became a national criminal despised by everyone overnight. The extremeness of the island country is vividly reflected here.

In the Imperial Palace, since the news of the failure of the Malacca naval battle came, Emperor Meiji held successive imperial meetings.

You can't do it without being nervous. There is a price to pay for failure in speculation. The defeat in the Battle of Malacca directly put Japan in a dangerous situation.

Prime Minister Katsura Taro: "The search and rescue ships have returned one after another. Due to the encounter with the Spanish navy, we also lost two search and rescue ships. The remaining warships may not be able to come back.

Combined with the battle report published by Austria, it is basically certain that Ito Yuhiro The general killed Cheng Ren.

According to the intelligence coming from Cam Ranh Bay, the British Far East Fleet also suffered heavy losses, and no battleships of more than 10,000 tons were found in the port.

situation in the Far East has been completely corrupted, and it will not be possible for a long time in the future. , we all face the enemy's maritime threat."

Regardless of whether Ito Yuhiro died in the battle, he must "slay his life for justice", otherwise there will be no way to explain to the people at home.

Ordinary people, no matter why they are defeated, if they are defeated on the battlefield anyway, they are incompetent, useless, and national traitors.

Only dying in battle can partially alleviate everyone's resentment, but the reputation of "trash" is still indispensable.

Relatively speaking, whether Yuheng Ito died in battle is only a small question. The biggest problem right now is the corrupt situation in the Far East.

As an island country, losing control of the sea is undoubtedly fatal. In particular, the Russo-Japanese War was unfolding fiercely.

Once the Shinra Navy advances eastward, not only will the Japanese troops on the front line be destroyed, but even the Japanese archipelago will be in danger.

Ito Hirobumi: "The results of the Malacca Naval Battle have proven the strength gap between us and the top powers.

It is impossible to make up for these gaps without decades of hard work. However, what we lack most right now is time.

The situation in Europe is also tense. The Holy Roman Empire is now attacking from all sides, and the British are already exhausted. The Royal Navy is not omnipotent. In a short period of time, the British may not be able to mobilize enough warships to reinforce the Far East.

As for other allies in the alliance, Everyone knows that only the United States has some strength, and the rest are not as good as us.

Although the Washington government also sends troops, their binding force on the states is very limited, but now the western states are anti-war.

We expect them to send troops to support us, I'm afraid it won't be realistic for a while, and now we can only rely on ourselves.

The Imperial Navy has been severely weakened, and the enemy can block the Sea of ​​Japan at any time. There is no need to fight militarily, and we can only seek a breakthrough in diplomacy.” It's not that Ito Hirobumi is a coward, it's just that he really can't fight now. If the navy cannot stand it, Japan will become an isolated island.

Once shipping is cut off, the Japanese troops on the front line will soon be defeated due to the loss of logistical supplies. At that time, the Shinra Navy will only need to send the Russian troops in the Far East to the island.

The only thing that can be expected now is that the Shinra Navy was also severely damaged in the Battle of Malacca and was unable to advance eastward in a short period of time.

It's just that this probability is too small. According to the intelligence sent back, the enemy will not engage in a decisive battle with them at all, but just hangs them and lets the air force act as the main force of the attack.

Foreign Minister Kaoru Inoue: "Ito-kun, it is also difficult to achieve a diplomatic breakthrough, and it can even be said to be impossible.

The relationship between the empire and the Vienna government has never been good.

Although we have been working hard to repair it, Emperor Lanz is too prejudiced against the Empire. No matter how hard we try, it is all in vain.

In the past years, the Austrians have caused trouble for the Empire more than once. If we had not handled it properly, I am afraid that the conflict would have broken out long ago.

In addition, In addition, our hatred with Spain and Russia is also a major obstacle.

They are all important members of the Continental League. It is too late to add insult to injury now, and it is impossible for us to escape unscathed." Being able to bend and stretch is an important factor in Japan's rise. , but when it comes to strongman politics, this trick doesn't work.

No matter how he kept himself low and showed kindness, Franz just pretended not to see it. Whenever there is an opportunity, put Japan's shoes on.

In a sense, the Japanese navy was forced to move south simply and neatly.

There are a lot of enemies in the Continental Alliance. If they don't mess with the British, who should the Japanese mess with?

It's a pity that the British leader declined too quickly. Before Japan could truly rise, it was already in decline.

Influenced by the narrow-minded thinking of the volcanic island country, the Japanese are particularly prone to extremes, and even high-level government officials are no exception.

The defeat in the Malacca naval battle caused the Japanese government to lose confidence in the Oceanic Alliance to win the war.

You must know that many members of the Ocean Alliance are not so pessimistic. From the perspective of other member states, even if the Ocean Alliance cannot win the war, it is not difficult to end the war with dignity.

We are not fools. If we really want to lose 100%, who will continue to play with the British?
Politics is the most realistic thing. Politicians consider interests first. Once they find that something cannot be done, the covenant is a piece of waste paper.

After sighing, Ito Hirobumi slowly said: "It's not that serious. The Vienna government must first consider interests.

Regardless of whether Russia and Austria are still allies now, as long as the Holy Roman Empire wins the war, the situation will fundamentally change.

Without a common enemy, only interests and conflicts remain between Russia and Austria.

There is a natural strategic contradiction between the world's No. 1 and the No. 2 in the world, especially since they have a long border, and the hidden contradictions are even greater. Much more.

With the greed of the Tsarist government, they would never give up any expansion opportunity. I personally speculate that after the war, India will become the focus of conflict between Russia and Austria.

If the Russians took away half of India, the Holy Roman Empire would still be Can they be tolerated to take over the Far East?
Either go out and fight in person, or support agents. But if the Vienna government is worried about appearance, it cannot attack its allies just after defeating the British. The Far Eastern Empire is ineffective and cannot be supported at all. Get up. In this context, the empire is their only choice.

Of course, unlike the British, the Holy Roman Empire itself is the world's largest army power, and the demand for the empire is not that great, and our expectations need to be lower."

It can be seen that Ito Hirobumi is also unsure. Speculations are always speculations. Eastern and Western thinking patterns are different, and no one knows the Vienna government's plans.

It's not difficult to act as a thug, and the thugs sent to your door are not wasted. The problem is that there are two types of thugs: those who are kept for a long time, and those who are disposable cannon fodder.

What Japan needs is to be the former and receive long-term support; not be the latter and be reduced to toilet paper that is thrown away after use.

...

Following the violent explosion, a raging fire ignited below, and the flames released endless enthusiasm, warming up this cold winter.

But for the people in London below, they would rather not have this special warmth. Even this winter is extremely cold.

After many days of fighting, the British Air Force has seen through the true purpose of the Shinra Air Force and no longer blindly takes off to intercept.

In order to preserve its effective strength, the British Air Force took the lead in making a strategic shift and retreated to the Scottish area that the HRE Air Force could not cover.

Without the air force to protect them, the sky over London was completely dominated by the Shinra Air Force, and the bombing pattern gradually changed.

After the explosion, it can form a layer of flames that sputters around, emitting a high temperature of about 1000°C, and can stick to other objects and burn for a long time. "Napalm" quickly stood out from many bombs and became a god. Luo Air Force's favorite.

Especially in places with severe smog like London, the flames produced after the explosion of "napalm" can also guide the target.

The only regret is that the burning smoke from the building will also affect the pilot's vision.

But these are all minor problems. Don't worry about the areas where there is smoke. Just drop bombs on the areas where there is no smoke. It can be regarded as a different kind of carpet bombing.

The original space-time "napalm" did not shine in World War I. The main reason was the lack of raw materials and the need to use a large amount of natural rubber.

However, the production capacity of natural rubber, a strategic resource, is limited and will last for several years. It is not possible to increase production capacity in a short time.

There is insufficient production capacity and there are many places that need to be used. Naturally, there is no way to use too much natural rubber to make bombs.

It's different now. Driven by the butterfly effect, the automobile industry and the electric power industry have exploded in advance, and the natural rubber market has long been opened.

The Holy Roman Empire alone consumed millions of tons of natural rubber every year. Where there is a market, there will be production, and the production capacity of natural rubber will also explode.

After the war broke out, the economy shifted into wartime mode. Squeezing out tens of thousands of tons of natural rubber and using it to make bombs was not a problem for the Holy Roman Empire.

Then, there was the current raging fire. Unlike the previous bombing that was over with one sound, the visual impact brought by the raging fire now is much greater.

More and more British people are disgusted with this. Even though Edward VII himself gave a radio speech calling on everyone to take up arms to defend their country, it could not stop the growing anti-war voices.

Especially after the Air Force gave up air defense, it was fiercely criticized by all walks of life. For a while, the Campbell cabinet seemed to become the sinner of Britain.

After all, Campbell is not Churchill. His personal integrity is much higher and he cannot ignore public opinion.

After taking a puff of cigar smoke, Prime Minister Campbell asked: "When will the Air Force be able to fight again?" "

Sorry, Your Excellency, Prime Minister. In the previous battles, the Air Force has been weakened. We do not have the ability to fight again in a short time. capabilities."

It can be seen that Prime Minister Campbell's expectations have dropped a lot. He no longer requires the Air Force to defeat the enemy, but only requires "to go to war."

Unfortunately, reality is cruel. Such a small request was still rejected by Air Force Minister Attilio.

There is no way, we really can't fight now. In the past month, the British Air Force has lost thousands of fighter planes and killed more than 800 pilots.

Although Britain's aviation industry is second only to the Holy Roman Empire, it is still impossible to replenish thousands of fighter planes within a month.

In particular, domestic factories were heavily bombed by the enemy, which further delayed progress.

If the aircraft is not replenished in time, the pilots will be replenished even more slowly. You can't train for ten days and a half and then send it to the battlefield, right?
Interior Secretary Azevedo: "The political pressure is very high, and the people are already very disgusted with the Air Force's inaction. If something is not done..."

"Sir, we have already taken action. Half a month ago, we air raided Paris; last week, we air raided Madrid; yesterday we even air raided Norden. The Imperial Air Force has used its maximum strength to launch an attack on the enemy. Counterattack, but this still cannot change the gap in strength between the two sides.

We need more pilots and more advanced fighters, which will take time. Before these problems are solved, the Air Force should not fight a decisive battle with the enemy.

No one can guarantee that the enemy will not To launch a forced landing, the Air Force must retain a certain amount of strength to deliver a fatal blow to the enemy at the critical moment."

Although they were unwilling to accept it, everyone had to admit that Attilio was right. The Royal Navy could no longer guarantee the safety of the English Channel. .

The Battle of Malacca has proved that in offshore combat, the air force can massacre the navy.

Without an air force, once the enemy launches a forced landing, Britain will not be able to intercept it.

Once the enemy successfully lands, it goes without saying that the subsequent battle will be impossible to fight. It is really difficult to have confidence in expecting the lobster soldiers to defend the British Isles.

Foreign Secretary Adam: "Don't worry too much about the pilot issue. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has reached an agreement with allies. In the next six months, one thousand pilots will be introduced from various countries, and 300 pilots will arrive next week.   In addition , one thousand pilots will be introduced from various countries in the next six months."

The two hundred fighter jets we purchased from the United States will also arrive next week.

If the performance can meet the requirements, there will be a steady stream of fighter jets shipped from the Americas in the future.

Although these cannot completely solve the Air Force's dilemma, they can relieve the pressure. It's still okay."

There was a rare piece of good news. The wrinkles on everyone's foreheads finally showed signs of melting. Only the face of Asquith, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, was still terrifyingly gloomy.

"It's not that simple. I don't know if you have noticed that the prices of industrial raw materials have increased recently.

The factory that took the order has sent representatives to the logistics department to request renegotiation of the price, and the report has been sent to the Ministry of Finance.

I sent people to investigate . After a while, since the outbreak of the war, domestic prices have generally risen.

Especially for industrial raw materials related to strategic materials, the increase has been even more rapid, and some raw materials have even been out of stock.

Because of the war, routes to the Far East have been completely interrupted; The routes in the Indian Ocean have also been lengthened by more than 10,000 nautical miles; although the routes in the Americas have not been greatly affected, the frequency of accidents to merchant ships has increased significantly.

This is just the beginning, and we will only face more problems in the future. Royal Navy Merchant ships need to be escorted..."

(End of Chapter)

Chapter 1133 The Suffering British Army2021-01-26Author : Xin Haiyue 1 Modern warfare is no longer limited to the field; most of the time, the game outside the field is often more intense.

From the beginning of the hegemonic war, Britain fell into passivity, but that was only limited by the war mentality and was caught off guard by the Holy Roman Empire.

For the entire war, it can only be regarded as first-mover advantage and cannot directly determine the final outcome. Just like in World War II, Germany first swept across Europe, but eventually exited in disgrace.

The only difference is that the Soviet meat shield has not yet been born, and the American wet nurse is still a little girl.

Without allies, Britain could only bear the test alone. Fortunately, Britain is at its peak and not in decline as it was during World War II.

But no matter how strong the family's financial resources are, they will still be affected by the war. The rise in prices is not a big deal. The key is that the maritime trade lines are affected, resulting in insufficient domestic supply of materials.

In the short term, it may be possible to rely on inventory to support it, but the war will not end in a day or two. The inventory will be exhausted sooner or later.

There was no way. Everyone's expectations for the Royal Navy were too high beforehand, and the issue of trade line security was not considered at all.

If the capitalists hadn't sensed the atmosphere of war in advance and hoarded some supplies, I'm afraid it wouldn't be as simple as raising prices now.

Secretary of the Navy Swinding: "The Navy will escort merchant ships, but our warships are limited in number, and we have to suppress the Continental Alliance, so the number of warships that can be used is limited. In order to ensure the safety of merchant ships, it is best to let the merchant ships concentrate their operations. Let's unite Send warships to protect security."

The Royal Navy's performance in the Battle of Malacca has caused an uproar in the country. Although they repeatedly claimed that they had fallen into the enemy's tricks, a loss was a loss.

Compared with the Japanese Navy, the Royal Navy is lucky. The British people at most call them trash and do not label them as "national traitors".

Whether it is to win this war or to take off the "waste" hat on its head, the Royal Navy must perform well in the next operations.

Performance is performance, and the practical problems we face still need to be solved.

Thousands of ships come in and out of the British Isles every day, and the number of ocean-going ships is no less than three digits. Even if the Royal Navy is dispatched together, it cannot protect them.

Especially the enemy's current tactics of breaking diplomatic ties, which simply do not allow for a decisive battle with them.

Those participating in the attack were all high-speed warships. Regardless of their combat effectiveness, at least their speed was top-notch.

To deal with these enemies, ordinary warships are of no use at all, and only a few warships can participate in the battle.

Submersibles underwater are even more troublesome. In this era without sonar detection equipment, unless there is close contact, it will not be discovered at all.

In this context, even if merchant ships can concentrate their operations, the escort pressure is still heavy.

Minister of Commerce Burns: "Sir, concentrating merchant ships to act together only exists in theory. It is barely possible once in a while, but concentrating every time is simply impossible.

Not all commodities can be shipped at the same time. Concentration Action will seriously slow down the transportation speed.

Especially for some unpopular routes, there are only a few ships a month, so we can't let people only make one trip a year, right?

Our transportation resources are not unlimited, and we cannot afford such a waste."

War is cruel. In the original time and space, the British also played the trick of centralized transportation, but the results were somewhat touching.

Except for the particularly important materials, which need to be transported centrally and escorted by warships, everything else comes as quickly as possible.

There is no way around it. The centralized transport warship escort does solve the safety problem, but the concentration of the fleet drags down the transportation efficiency. Some goods that are not suitable for long-term storage are directly rotten in the warehouse.

All other issues are easy to discuss, except those that affect everyone's money making. Human life is the least valuable during war, but the sea trade has caught up with the most profitable times.

As long as the profit is large enough, the risk is not a problem. There is no need to escort the goods in person, so capitalists naturally don't care about taking risks.

By running an ocean route, you can earn almost one-third of your ship. No matter how powerful the enemy's attack is, it is impossible to intercept all the ships, not even one-tenth.

The probability of encountering an enemy attack every time you go to sea is only a few percentage points at most, so you can completely gamble on luck.

As long as you make four trips without being sunk, it's a bloody profit. Even if there is an accident, the insurance company will still take care of it.

Of course, insurance companies don't give you free money. After the war broke out, insurance premiums kept rising. After all, the wool came from the sheep.

After listening to the words of the Minister of Commerce, Swinding waved his hands helplessly: "If the fleet cannot be concentrated, then we can only express regrets. The enemy's colonial branch is very wide, and they shrink as soon as the Royal Navy is dispatched. Go back. Unless we unplug these colonies first, we won't be able to get rid of these rats at all."

Give up?
No, this is politics. Unlike in the past, political slogans can be shouted casually. This is a time of war, and once the promises made cannot be fulfilled, it is equivalent to actively handing the problem into the hands of political opponents.

Although everyone is sitting together now, seemingly like grasshoppers on a rope, there is also competition among grasshoppers.

If there is a problem, everyone will blame it faster than anyone else. It is unrealistic to share joys and sorrows, and it is a routine operation in politics to die as a fellow Taoist but not as a poor Taoist.

Pulling out the enemy's colonial ports is easy to say, but if it is actually implemented, it cannot be completed overnight.

Britain's energy is limited, and existing colonies can barely be defended. It is obviously difficult to open up new battlefields.

Army Secretary Marcus: "The Cape of Good Hope is already in danger, and the East African battlefield is even more devastated. The empire's business achievements in Africa are being eroded bit by bit by the enemy. In Asia, the enemy simultaneously launched attacks on Persia and Indochina. The enemy's India's ambitions are not concealed at all.

According to the intelligence collected from the front line, the Russians have also sent more troops to Afghanistan and may launch an attack at any time.

The Persian government has asked us for help for the seventh time. If reinforcements are not sent, it will only be a matter of time before Persia is defeated. problem.

Of course, we are not without counterattacks. Through the unremitting efforts of the Canadian Legion, we have taken over most of Alaska.

Because of national policy, the Army has always maintained a low troop strength. Now it is using troops on multiple fronts at the same time. Beyond our limits."

The reason is too good, because the Royal Navy has not been able to play its due role, and now the lobster soldiers have assumed the main combat mission.

Five fronts were opened at the same time, and one of them even achieved a complete victory. Such results were completely worthy of the British Empire's investment in the army.

As for the water content, there is no need to delve into it. The British government needs good news to stabilize people's hearts, and the British people also need good news.

In this context, any victory is worthy of publicity.

Conquering Alaska is a good theme. More than 1.7 million square kilometers is more than the total land occupied by Britain. After canceling each other out, the British Empire still made a profit.

As for the difference between land and land, just ignore it. As long as the newspapers don't mention it, how can ordinary people figure it out?

What's more, Alaska's popularity in Britain is not low at all, and it is also known as the "Golden State" among the people.

Therefore, the armed parade of the Canadian Legion cannot be a parade, but a great victory.

If you don't feel shameless, you can also call it a "turning battle." Anyway, it's just to appease the people, so it doesn't hurt to brag a little bit.

"Hasn't the army already expanded to two million? There are also many colonial legions. How can we still..."

Before the Minister of the Navy could finish speaking, Marcus interrupted: "Your army expansion also takes time. Two million is just Data on paper.

The war broke out just over a month ago. There are only two or three countries in the world that can mobilize two million troops in such a short period of time, and Britain is not among them.

The army is different from the navy. You have enough Military expenditures are maintained at a large level in normal times.

Just over a month ago, the Imperial Army had only 137,000. Now it has been directly expanded to 2 million, which is equivalent to an increase of fourteen times.

Such an expansion, whether it is officers or weapons We don't even have enough reserves of equipment. It is optimistically estimated that each of the recruits recruited in the next two months will be able to get a gun,

which is an amazing achievement. Being able to initially form combat effectiveness within the year is all thanks to God Favored. In fact, there are not many mobile forces that we can use in the short term."

Anyone can blame anyone. The Navy does not want to take responsibility, and the Army is also unwilling to take the blame. Everyone's reasons are very good, and there is nothing wrong with it on the face of it.

The navy cannot ensure smooth maritime trade lines, mainly because the enemy's colonies are there and there is no way to kill the enemy's breakup fleet.

The Army was more straightforward and suffered miserably immediately. The army has been expanded, but most of the new recruits have not yet entered the military camp. They can't even have a rifle to protect them. How can they have combat effectiveness?

The speaker has no intention, but the listener has intention.

Prime Minister Campbell was stimulated. What was once the world's factory now cannot even guarantee a rifle per man. How can this be embarrassing?

There is no way. The size of the British Army has always been only a few hundred thousand. Even if it had weapons reserves, it would be impossible to stock up more than a hundred thousand guns.

Even if they thought about expanding the army, no one could have expected that it would be necessary to expand so much. Especially in the past hundred years, there have been too many international conflicts, and most of the time they ended in a fight.

Based on past experience, Britain has always attacked other countries, and has never been attacked by other countries, at least not in recent decades.

Only when the situation became tense did everyone react. But it is already too late, and production capacity alone is a big problem, not to mention the group of congressmen who are holding back.

In normal years, Britain only needs a production capacity of more than 100,000 or 200,000 guns per year to meet the needs of the native troops and colonial armies.

Now that the mainland has expanded its military, the colonies have also expanded their military. Suddenly there is a gap of five to six million rifles. How can it be filled in a short time?

During World War I, Britain was forced to place orders with the Americans because its military expansion was too fast and its weapons production could not keep up.

Not to mention now, the only difference is that the industrial production capacity of the United States has not increased, and the military production capacity is not even as good as that of the British.

The military industry of the United States is not good, and the industry of other members of the Oceanic Alliance is even worse. In most of these countries, weapons and equipment are purely imported.

These days, almost all those with military production capabilities are based in the European continent, and are now enemies of the British Empire.

In this context, where did the British Army get so many guns? Even for smuggling, no smuggler has such great energy.

What's more, it's not just weapons and equipment that need to be bought, there is also a lot of demand for subsequent ammunition.

With Britain's military production capacity, I am afraid that if we work together for a while, we will not be able to produce even the daily training ammunition for millions of troops.

If these problems cannot be solved, it would be a joke for the army to launch a counterattack. If you can stabilize the situation, it's all cheating.

After looking at the world map on the wall, Prime Minister Campbell sighed deeply and swallowed the words that reached his lips.

...

In the Near East, as the battle of the Holy Ra Army attacking Persia began, the Tsarist government also quietly increased its troops to the border areas.

Whether these troops are used to guard against Persian invasion, or whether they are preparing to jump out to pick peaches at critical moments, it is not yet possible to draw conclusions.

At least Colonel Seacrest had no idea what the country wanted to do. In recent times, he has requested war at home many times, but has been rejected.

It is not easy for small and medium-sized nobles these days. Without a prominent status and background, and without military merit, it is not easy to get ahead.

Forget about the Far East battlefield, it was hard work. Not to mention the bad weather, the key point is that there may be logistical problems.

The most tragic thing is that the military merit of the Japanese must be discounted. If they win, it is deserved, but if they lose, it is a heinous crime.

Even if the government could understand the sufferings of frontline officers and soldiers and not hold them accountable, the parties themselves would be embarrassed to hang out in aristocratic circles.

On this point, you can see from the battle reports sent back from the Far East that the Russian officers and soldiers are really desperate.

No one likes drudgery, and Colonel Seacrest is no exception. Building meritorious deeds also takes time, and not all battlefields can be combined. It is best to find weak persimmons.

Finally, when the Hegemonic War broke out, the Russian Empire joined the Continental Alliance and started a war with the British-dominated Oceanic Alliance, but unfortunately it declared no war.

For further opportunities, the Russian army is also fighting for it, and the Afghan front line is naturally the most popular.

Although there are many enemies, it is easy to achieve results if there are many enemies. The Indian colonial army flew under the British flag, and its officers were all British.

Rounding it off, it's almost all British troops. It's really not too satisfying to step on the shoulders of the British and get to the top.

Unfortunately, Colonel Seacrest missed a move. Due to his identity and background, he unfortunately lost to his competitor and ended up on the Persian front line.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1134: Bait It2021-01-27Author : Xin Haiyue 1 doesn't matter on the Persian battlefield. It's all about trying to fend off enemies anyway. Even if the quality of your battle exploits has to be compromised, you can still rely on quantity to get ahead.

The problem is that when we get to the front line, we are not allowed to fight in Central. This is embarrassing. Everyone has come out to make contributions, make a fortune, and get gold. How can we do it without war?

If it's just to make a living, wouldn't it be better to stay in St. Petersburg or Moscow? Why come to this remote place?
The little military pay from the tsarist government was simply not enough for the nobles to maintain a luxurious life .

If the war does not start, not only the officers on the front line will not be able to make a fortune, but the wealth of the bureaucrats in the rear will also be affected.

There are rules for daily military expenditures. No matter how much money is spent, basic treatment must be left for the officers and soldiers below. Otherwise, if the people below start making trouble, it will be a problem.

Such a small amount of oil and water has to be divided layer by layer. There is not much left in the hands of individuals, and it cannot satisfy everyone's desires at all.

The rear areas are almost deducted, and front-line officers like Colonel Seacrest have nothing left to do.

If the war does not start, it is estimated that Colonel Seacrest will not be able to get back the funds spent on activities by the end of his term in a few years.

Colonel Seacrest, whose official and financial career was not going smoothly, was naturally not in a good mood. At this moment, he was looking at the Caucasus Mountains in the distance and sighing.

Behind the mountains is his home, an ordinary Russian aristocratic family that may fall into the mortal world at any time.

"Colonel, there's an urgent call from the division headquarters."

The voice of the messenger interrupted Colonel Seacrest's contemplation. Seacrest's brows furrowed even more as he took the telegram.

There is no way, the content on the telegram is too misleading. The Allies said, "What to do specifically?" He didn't even mention it. It was clear that he didn't want to take responsibility.

Too many similar things happened in the Russian Empire. When something happens, everyone tries to push it aside or avoid it. There are really too few officials who are willing to take responsibility.

This telegram is just like this. It is just a notification without specific instructions or any authorization. The matter is passed to Colonel Seacrest.

"Colonel, the Austrian army is passing through our defense line. It is said that they will join forces with us to attack Persia. Captain Hashipi asked if we want to intercept?"

As soon as the telegram from the division headquarters came, the Austrian army arrived in its own defense area. If there is no problem, Colonel Seacrest could write his name backwards.

"Interception is nothing, tell Captain Hashipi to let him handle it. Order the troops to assemble immediately and prepare to attack Persia."

Not to mention whether it can be stopped, there is no domestic order, in case a conflict breaks out during the interception, Colonel Seacrest cannot bear this responsibility.

Of course, they also need to bear responsibility for allowing the Austrian troops to enter and attack Persia without authorization.

It's just that the domestic bureaucrats and the middle and senior leaders of the Russian army on the front line now want to gain military exploits.

He took the initiative to stand up and take responsibility, and at least it went along with everyone's wishes. When the responsibility is investigated in the future, there will at least be someone to help speak up.

In any case, the face of the Russian-Austrian alliance still needs to be taken into consideration. The crime of cooperating with the Austrian army in fighting cannot be brought to the table at all. When settling accounts after autumn, I just wear small shoes .

If there were any more military merits on the battlefield, I guess they wouldn't even be able to wear small shoes openly, otherwise it would damage the morale of the troops, at least until the end of the war.

The trouble after the war was nothing at all. The top leadership of the government has been stable for so long, and it's time for a replacement.

"High achievements shake the master" is a taboo in any country. For being able to tolerate a bunch of old ministers for so long, Nicholas II was considered to have a good temper.

If the war is won well, the government's prestige will be further enhanced, which will inevitably arouse the fear of the tsar; if the performance is poor in the war, the government will take the blame, and it will have to be replaced.

With so many domestic troubles and a lot more international troubles, Colonel Seacrest didn't think the Tsar would care about a little guy like him.

...

On the battlefield, the enemy's machine guns fired wildly. Many pillars of black smoke exploded, rolling into the air like a whirlwind on the rugged sandy land about a mile in diameter. The attacking wave dispersed, rolling like water splashes. Spread out from the crater.

Climb, crawl... The black fireworks from the exploding artillery shells sweep across the ground more and more tightly, and the shrapnel flying diagonally and the ear-piercing screams splash more and more densely on the attackers, sticking to their bodies. The machine-gun fire on the ground continued with increasing brutality.

Major General Chris roared angrily: "Urge the Air Force, we need firepower reinforcements!"

There is no other way to attack through the road, which requires troops to be quick and fast, and the heavy artillery troops are still on the way.

I thought that the Russian artillery could suppress the enemy's firepower, but the reality was cruel. The Tsarist government did not pay attention to Persia at all and did not deploy enough heavy artillery.

The Russian officers on the side, including Colonel Seacrest, were all red-faced at this moment. Even the Persian firepower could not suppress them, which really made them unable to stand up in front of their allies.

"Attack!"

"Attack!"

...

In order to save face and prove their strength, after the arrival of the Shinra Air Force, the Russian generals had to urge the troops to speed up the attack.

Now is not the time to conserve strength. If you cannot prove your strength in front of your allies, there will be no need to discuss many issues later.

Everyone joins the war to get promoted and make a fortune, not to make soy sauce. The battlefield is always a stage for the strong, and the right to speak and the distribution of interests are based on strength.

Faced with attacks from the two empires of the Holy Ra and Russia at the same time, the defense line remained standing, and the Persian defenders were proud enough.

It's just that this kind of pride cannot last. Any defense line has its limits. The long front continues to squeeze the limits of the Persian Empire.

The British ally, which originally had high hopes, did not play its due role at all. The Indian colonial troops sent were unable to do anything and were the first to cause chaos.

Accompanied by fierce artillery fire and shouts of killing, the Persian garrison, which endured heavy pressure, finally collapsed.

Morale is a thing that plummets as soon as it collapses. Facing the attacks of the two empires at the same time, the Persians were shattered.

...

Victory can always bring a good mood to people, and as the war progresses smoothly, Franz's mood is getting better and better.

For the entire world war, the breakthrough on the Persian battlefield could only be regarded as an episode. But for the British, who regard India as their lifeblood, it is definitely a blow.

Especially the Russian army appeared on the battlefield. Although it seemed like they were being held hostage, the Russians did participate in the war.

Regardless of whether the Russians will attack India from Afghanistan next, the British government is now under great pressure.

When the enemy feels uncomfortable, Franz naturally feels comfortable. In my spare time, I started playing “art” again.

Not only did I play by myself, but I also took a bunch of grandchildren to play with me. Franz was too lazy to get used to the impact that the spread of the four-faced art that combined East and West would have on future generations.

It may be criticized by experts and scholars, or it may open up a new art genre. Anyway, the future is full of uncertainty.

What determines all this is not art, but politics. The essence of art is public acceptance, but the prerequisite for public acceptance requires a broad social background.

If you open a history book, you will find that in the course of human development, the popular art and culture in different periods are also different.

Lower Riba people and Yangchun Baixue are both integral parts of art, and there is essentially no distinction between them. It's just that at different times, the social status is different.

Today's low-class art may become high-class tomorrow; today's high-class art may become fringe culture tomorrow.

If the Holy Roman Empire's hegemony can last for a hundred years, it will be an immortal achievement that promotes the integration of Eastern and Western cultures and the process of human integration.

On the contrary, the hegemony of the Holy Roman Empire was short-lived, and then disappeared directly into the long river of history.

As an emperor, especially one who leads a declining empire to its peak again, he is bound to be deeply interpreted by future generations.

Time makes people grow old, and looking at his grandchildren who can form a football team, Franz found that he was really old.

At Franz's age, if it weren't for the European royal family's habit of marrying late, now that the fourth generation has come out, the fifth generation might even emerge.

Fortunately, the family is rich. If it were left to an ordinary family, raising so many children would not be a blessing.

Regardless of the fact that many families have more than a dozen children in their lifetime, only half of them can actually raise adults, which proves that the family can still live well.

"Father, the Russians have sent troops to India!"

Frederick's voice sounded, pulling Franz out of his artistic conception.

"Oh, it seems that Nicholas II's little guy is still not good at nourishing his energy. We haven't agreed to their conditions yet!"

Franz, who has survived three generations of czars and become an antique of the European royal family, is now qualified. Making fun of the juniors.

It may seem like an understatement, but Franz has actually begun to think deeply. Russia's dispatch of troops to India had a profound impact.

In the short term, it will indeed help speed up the pace of winning the war, but the Russians also need to eat meat.

In the manner of a furry bear, once the food reaches the stomach, it will not be vomited out again. If it were somewhere else, Franz would have responded.

But India is different. It may be a burden in the future, but now it is a rare and prosperous place.

If left alone, who knows how much territory the Russian army could occupy before the end of the war?

Although the Vienna government is not preparing to colonize India, it does not mean that it has to give up the Indian market, especially not letting this market fall into the hands of the Russians.

Otherwise, the tsarist government could rely on the wealth plundered from India to get out of financial difficulties, and at the same time rely on the Indian market to improve its own industrialization system and grow stronger.

The Russian Empire without its shortcomings is really terrible. Although he said that he was "born in sorrow and died in happiness", Franz was not prepared to leave a huge hole for future generations.

After wandering for a few steps, Franz seemed to have thought of something. He looked at Frederick and asked, "How are you going to respond?" It was obviously impossible to prevent the Russians from sending troops to seize territory. The Russian Empire is just an ally of HRE, not a younger brother, and is not so obedient.

Attacking the enemy as an ally is clearly beyond reproach. Even if there are restrictive measures, for the sake of the stability of the Continental Alliance, the Vienna government cannot use them indiscriminately now.

If allies are disobedient, hegemons will also have to worry. Especially quasi-hegemons with competitors must think twice before acting.

If a bad operation violates the rules of the game and causes public outrage, the Vienna government will also suffer the consequences.

It would be even worse if we failed to take action and allowed the Russians to grow bigger.

It's not easy to deal with, but it must be dealt with. Franz posed the question to Frederick because he wanted to see how far his heir's adaptability had grown.

"Speed ​​up the pace of the war and end it before the Russians occupy India. If necessary, you can talk to the British.

In the long run, the British are far less of a threat than the Russians. As long as they take away their colonies, the British Isles At best, it can support a second-rate country."

After a pause, Frederick added: "In order to avoid confronting the Russians directly and affecting the current war against Britain, we can also form a European coalition and advance from Persia to India under the banner of the alliance. In the future, we can India's interests will be shared with European countries, and when there are disputes and disputes, we will encourage Europe to intervene.   When necessary, we will provoke conflicts between the European world and the Russians, and win over European countries to restrict the Russian Empire."

The operation can only be regarded as satisfactory, and the subsequent plan is the essence of Franz-style diplomacy.

Many people in the outside world only see the Vienna government's diplomatic skills, but ignore how many benefits the Vienna government has shared with its allies along the way.

Regardless of whether there are pitfalls here, the benefits have been taken out after all. If you suffer from indigestion after eating, that is your own problem. You cannot blame the Vienna government for giving too much.

If we were not willing to share, there would be no Holy Roman Empire today. But the biggest feature of this sharing is to grasp the "degree" of it.

For this "degree", many things that seem silly must be done.

But this operation is very complicated. If the hole is not dug in the right position and others do not fall in, but jump in themselves, it will be really bad.

Franz nodded: "Sharing is not enough. If you want European countries to contribute, you must spend a lot of money.

You can clearly tell them that the empire will not seek colonies in India. After the war, we will rebuild the international order and clarify the obligations of each country." The sphere of influence ensures that our colonies are not threatened by foreign forces.

The distribution of spoils is still according to the old rules. According to the contribution in the war, those who are interested in India can now use their own methods."

Ambition is stimulated. If Shinra wants Apart from the Russians, no other country has any chance to rob India.

Merely promising to share benefits is too vague and cannot arouse everyone's enthusiasm.

It's different if you throw out the whole of India. With such a big cake, even if all European countries eat it together, everyone can be full.

Just look at the wealth that the British plundered from India every year. It is more than the combined fiscal revenue of all European governments except Russia and Austria.

With such a huge benefit, if the Vienna government is willing to provide security protection and it cannot stimulate everyone's ambitions, then it is really a waste.

Of course, it is understandable for small countries to be salty fish. For example, the small country of Monaco still only has a few towns even though it was taken care of by the Vienna government after the European War.

In addition to shouting slogans, if you want to go up and make soy sauce, you are not qualified, so there is really no way.

(End of chapter)

