
Chapter 876 France's Plan

After a pause, Napoleon IV nodded: "It's really not good. The reply is too direct, and our allies will feel uncomfortable. How about you reorganize the language and talk more about us? They are facing difficulties and soothe their wounded hearts?" Karel Kadlec hesitated to speak. No matter how you reply, it will not change the fact that the French government is a fisherman.

Perhaps before the Anglo-Russian war broke out, the French government still had to worry about their feelings, but now it no longer needs to.

Even if Britain and Russia had grievances, it would only be after the war.

The current international situation is very obvious. Austria supports the Russians, and France's position will directly affect the outcome of this war.

If France remained neutral or supported Britain, the war could continue; if France supported the Russians, Britain would not be able to compete with the three major powers at the same time.

How could you give up this opportunity to rip off someone?

In fact, the purpose of stimulating Britain and Russia is to get the two countries to offer more sincere prices. After all, people are not always able to recognize themselves.

Prime Minister Terence Burkin proposed: "Your Majesty, the Anglo-Russian war has broken out, and it seems that it will not end in a short time. We are considering implementing the next strategy." For the French Empire, knocking on the relationship between Britain and Russia A rip-off can only be regarded as a small profit.

The biggest benefit that the outbreak of the Anglo-Russian War brought to France was that the yoke placed on their heads was gone.

Now the only one that can restrict France is Austria, but this is only a restriction and is not enough to make the French government afraid.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec: "In the end, we have to wait. The Anglo-Russian war has just begun, and the two sides have not yet started a real fight.

Our actions were too large and stimulated their sensitive nerves. It is very likely that the country will stop first.

Just like the Near East War that year, if Austria wants to unify the German region, the warring countries will stop first.

If the Austrians restrain their emotions and wait until the end of the Near East War before sending troops, I am afraid no one can stop them. Can't live with it." The Vienna government used the First Near East War to attempt to unify the German region and failed, triggering the intervention of European countries, and in the end it only annexed South Germany.

According to Karel Kadlec, this is a ready-made negative example. If there had been a few more days and the Russian army had reached the gates of Constantinople before taking action, the result would have been completely different.

Economics Minister Elsa objected: "Austria's failure to unify the German region was not only due to the interference of European countries, but also the fierce opposition of the Kingdom of Prussia. The Vienna government did not have the confidence to fight a civil war and could only sit back and watch the division of the German region. Even if It's the same thing until the end.

Our current situation is different. It's just that we have to sell out a few coal mines to Germany and not directly annex the two countries. No matter how dissatisfied the two countries are, Britain and Russia will endure it for now.

The only ones with the ability to intervene Only Austria and Belgium and Germany do not have the courage to fight us. I don't think the Vienna government will fight us for the sake of Belgium and Germany. This is not in their interests.

As long as the established facts are created, most Austrians will Just shout a few times and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will come out to appease you.

In recent years, our economy has recovered very quickly, but it is still difficult to surpass the peak period.

The main factor restricting our economic growth is the domestic coal supply. Insufficient quantity and high prices have increased the cost of industrial production.

This may not be intuitive. To give a simple example:

after the outbreak of the Anglo-Russian War, the export trade of European countries increased. Just last month, our exports The total trade volume increased by 0.7 percentage points year-on-year, setting the highest growth rate in eight years.

However, the total export trade volume of most European countries exceeded 1 percentage point, and Austria's total export trade volume increased by at least 2 percentage points.

We are lagging behind again. This is not The domestic industrial sector is not working hard. In fact, when it comes to making money, no one works harder than the capitalists.

However, the country is short of coal. The two countries clearly have excess production capacity, but they insist on hoarding it and forcing us to spend more.

They are just a bunch of vampires, lying on the heads of the French industrial and commercial circles, devouring our wealth. If we delay for one day now, France will lose..." It is too difficult to annex the two countries of Belgium and Germany. Even if only one annexes, it will Cause big trouble.

Although he has not been severely beaten by society, there are still residual traces of the shadow of the anti-French war.

In order to reduce risks, the French government quietly lowered its goals and subdivided its plan to annex Belgium and Germany, preparing to blackmail several mines from the two countries.

"Hoarding" is just an excuse made by Elsa. In fact, the rise in coal prices is just normal business behavior.

Capitalists want to make greater profits and will not give up any opportunity. After the outbreak of the Anglo-Russian War, the prices of many commodities in Europe increased slightly.

It's just that the capitalists in France couldn't bear it anymore. They were ready to make war profits, but suddenly they found that energy prices had also risen.

It was expected to earn 10 million francs, but now due to rising energy prices, it can only earn 9 million francs, which is equivalent to a loss of 1 million francs.

French capitalists were naturally not willing to share profits with others. In order to maximize their profits, everyone mobilized their influence and encouraged the government to seize coal mines in Belgium and Germany.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec shook his head: “Don't forget that coal mines are owned by owners. What if the governments of Belgium and Germany reject the deal we proposed on the grounds that private property is sacred and inviolable?

Send troops to fight and rob us. Are you sure they don't dare to go to war with us?

Forget Belgium, the German Federation is not weak. Once those small countries unite, even we cannot win them in a short time.

Once there is a stalemate in the war, the Austrians will take advantage of it, and Britain and Russia will also add fuel to the flames.

If it were just Austria, we could withstand it, but the problem is that they would encourage other European countries to fight against us.

No matter how powerful the Imperial Army is, it cannot compete with the combined forces of all European countries. Once the war starts, we will have no control over it later.

To be on the safe side, we'd better wait for Britain and Russia to start fighting and force European countries to take sides.

After the European countries are divided into two waves, we will force Belgium and Germany to make concessions. Even if the situation gets out of control, we will not fight alone with the alliance. " Failure makes people grow. As France's Foreign Minister, Karel Kadlec deeply understood the root cause of France's failure in the anti-French war - few allies and many enemies.

In order to avoid repeating the same mistakes, Karel Kadlec Letts has always advocated provoking conflicts among European countries and dividing relations between countries.

This Anglo-Russian war was indispensable for his contribution.

After listening to the explanation of the Foreign Secretary, Napoleon IV's eager heart suddenly cooled down. Come down. Having passed the age of youth and ignorance, Napoleon IV has also learned to weigh the pros and cons.

"Carrel is right, now is not the best time. The most important thing right now is to continue to promote the process of the Anglo-Russian war.

Only when they both lose, can our eastward plan proceed smoothly.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs further stimulated the Russians and told the Tsarist government that as long as they captured Herat or the Wakhan Corridor, we would issue one billion francs of war bonds for them. " There is no way to incite the Russians. The British government is too rational and it is too difficult to fool them.

Once the British army wins the battlefield and drives the Russians out of Afghanistan, the British government will just accept it.

Change the Tsar . The government is different. Once Afghanistan is conquered, the Russians' strategic focus shifts to India.

No one can stop the Russians' ambitions for India. On this issue, the British government cannot compromise, and the two sides can only fight to the death. Go on.

France and Austria have the same judgment in this regard. The Vienna government also contributed money and efforts to support the Tsarist government in its fight against India.

As for the question of whether the Russians will become bigger after seizing the Indian region, this kind of worry is completely unnecessary. .

The British Empire these days is not easy to mess with. Once it fights for its life, it is enough to make any country moved.

With the strength of the Russians, seizing India from the British cannot be accomplished overnight.

If Without the support of financial backers, it won't be long before the Russians are overwhelmed by huge military expenditures.

Prime Minister Terrence Bulkin reminded: “Your Majesty, the Anglo-Russian war has broken out. As an ally of the British, it is no longer appropriate for us to issue bonds for the Russians. " You have to pay attention to methods when trying to trick allies. It doesn't matter if you dig holes secretly. This kind of sabotage and hindrance is a violation of the rules of the game. If word spreads, France's international reputation will be completely ruined. No country will dare to play with them. .

Napoleon IV smiled slightly: "It doesn't matter, we just need to change the way we operate, and the British will have nothing to say.

For example: We issued one billion francs of commercial bonds for Austria, and the Austrians lent this money to the Tsarist government. " ...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 877: Mutual Schemes (Two in One)

The sun shines on the earth, reflecting the white snow, giving off a sparkling golden light.

The white snow on the ground and the frozen Neva River swear that winter is coming, and St. Petersburg is better suited to the white snow.

In the past, when encountering such good weather, Alexander III would definitely take his family out to soak up the winter sunshine.

At this moment, high-level officials of the Tsarist government gathered together in the Gatchina Palace and were discussing the next national policy.

Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez: "Last night, the French Minister revealed the news at the banquet that the French government is preparing to increase assistance to us.

As long as the frontline troops capture Herat or the Wakhan Corridor, Just underwrite one billion francs of war bonds for us.

The French's intention is very obvious, which is to use our hands to weaken the British. The Anglo-French alliance can be said to exist in name only.

Before this, the Austrian government also revealed a similar intention. But the French are more anxious.

The British usually do too many bad things, and now their enemies are everywhere in the world. The current international situation is very favorable to us, and then it depends on the military." Turn the enemy into Allies can be regarded as a miracle in the history of diplomacy. However, considering the complicated relationship between Britain and France, it is normal for this kind of thing to happen.

Britain and France are feuding, and there is no need for a reason to cheat the British; if the French government wholeheartedly helps the British, then there will be a real problem.

Army Minister Ivanov: "The front line is progressing very smoothly. We have advanced the front line to Herat, an important town in western Afghanistan, and Kunduz, a transportation hub in the east.

If a breakthrough is made at any point, we will take the initiative in the war. From now on Judging from the situation, the success rate of taking Herat or the Wakhan Corridor before the arrival of British reinforcements is still very high. The The only problem that tests us now is logistics. As the front advances, the transportation of logistics supplies It's getting slower and slower.

If this situation doesn't change, it won't be long before the frontline troops have to stop and wait for supplies." Anyone can blame everyone, not to mention what Ivanov said is also true.

The smooth progress of the Russian army in the early stage was based on sufficient supplies. With the outbreak of the war, the supplies stored before the war were exhausted, and now they must rely on transportation from the rear.

Hearing that the supply of logistics supplies was not available, Alexander III's face suddenly turned ugly. He cast a murderous look at Logistics Minister Argent, as if to say: You'd better give me a reasonable explanation, otherwise...there would have been a long time ago. Argent, who was preparing, explained calmly: "It is not our responsibility that the logistics supplies are not available. The road in Central Asia is not smooth, and guerrillas often cause sabotage, which seriously affects the progress of logistics transportation.

In addition, the frontline troops are mobilized from time to time, and the logistics department is often not notified in advance. The people below often have to take the wrong route, how can they not be slow?" Ivanov sneered and said: "If your logistics department can't do it, Just leave the material transportation to our Army Department and don't make so many bad excuses.

Guerrilla attack?

The military has cleared the surrounding resistance organizations and sent heavy troops along the way to protect the safety of the transportation team.

Since the war started, the transport team was attacked by guerrillas a total of seventeen times, with a maximum number of no more than 500 people, nine of which were initiated by you.

In order to reduce conflicts, we even relocated the indigenous people living in the surrounding area of ​​​​30 kilometers. You can all go the wrong way.

As for not informing you in time, that's bullshit.

The logistics department's large-scale material mobilization requires your approval in St. Petersburg. The person in charge of the front line only has the right to mobilize materials below the division level.

Battlefield The situation is ever-changing. Our generals on the front line don't know what will happen next. They need to adapt to changes. How can we notify them in advance?” The conflict between the military and the logistics department is actually an extension of the conflict between the military and government bureaucracy. In the final analysis, it is the right to speak. dispute.

Logistics is the government's best means of restricting the military. In the eyes of government bureaucrats, sacrificing a little efficiency in order to limit the military's expansion is not worth mentioning.

Especially after the invention of the telegraph and the speed of information transmission, many European countries have strengthened the control of logistics materials.

Not to mention this era, even during World War II, the logistics systems of various countries were still in a mess.

It's not that everyone doesn't know how to solve it. The problem is that once the government hands over logistics to the military, it loses checks and balances on the military, and it is easy for the military to become bigger.

Although there are problems in everyone's logistics system, this is an era where competition is bad. As long as others are a little better, it will be considered a success.

Argent replied calmly: "Your Majesty Marshal, professional matters should be left to professionals.

With all due respect, if you let the military manage logistics, the situation will only be worse than it is now.

Don't forget that in addition to the logistics department, In addition to distributing supplies, the more important thing is to collect supplies, which involves too many problems. As for the problem of untimely deployment, our logistics department is already trying to find a way to solve it, and the situation will improve after a   while ." It is absolutely impossible to give up the right to allocate logistics materials. Without this part of the power, the logistics department would really be like a wet nurse, the kind without a salary.

In addition to the loss of power, what is more important is the loss of vital interests. The positions in the logistics department are all filled with weak jobs. Only by controlling the procurement and distribution of materials at the same time can everyone make a fortune from it.

In order to dissuade the military from thinking, Argent did not hesitate to make direct threats. Marshal Ivanov was clearly told that without the cooperation of the Logistics Department, the military would not be able to raise supplies at all.

Alexander III pretended not to see the struggle among his men.

If there was a conflict between those in charge of troops and horses and those in charge of food and grass, he would be happy to see it happen; if the two were really as close as brothers, Alexander III would really not be able to sleep.

Seeing that the atmosphere was not right, Finance Minister Alisher began to persuade: "Okay, you two, the Logistics Department will strengthen the power of frontline deployment officials and report directly to General Okinets to ensure the timely deployment of frontline materials.

In addition, increase the domestic The speed of transportation of materials, if the quantity is not enough, it will be purchased from Austria. Anyway, we must do our best to ensure the needs of the frontline troops." The donor has to give face, both the logistics department and the military must rely on funds from the Ministry of Finance.

In this context, the Chancellor of Finance also acts as a lubricant to coordinate conflicts among various departments. Although he does not have the title of prime minister, he actually exercises some of the powers of the prime minister.

Marshal Ivanov had no illusions about actually getting logistics rights. Things that the military did not get during the Russo-Prussian War were even more impossible now.

As long as front-line commanders can have the right to temporarily allocate front-line supplies and ensure the supply of supplies to the troops, he will be satisfied.

Marshal Ivanov accepted, and Argent could not find an excuse to refuse, so he could only accept it.

The distribution of supplies was chaotic, and it was not because he deliberately hindered the military. The fundamental reason for this happening is the insufficient supply of materials.

This involves deep-seated reasons. There are too many interest groups involved, and Argent can only choose to cover up.

In the case of insufficient supplies, it is inevitable to tear down the east wall to make up for the west wall. Many times, materials are distributed incorrectly because frontline bureaucrats are forced to use the excuse to delay the distribution of materials incorrectly.

Anyway, the procedure for exchanging supplies is very complicated, and time goes by once you go back and forth.

The supplies that were supposed to last for three months were probably given out for two months, and the remaining month was saved.

No, it should be said that it is owed. When it can be fulfilled depends on the specific situation. Anyway, as long as you don't play too much, there won't be a big mess.

What should the Russian troops on the front line do when they are short of supplies?

Our ancestors have long thought of a solution to this problem, just send troops out to rob it. Anyway, this is the tradition of the Russian army.

Of course, this is also risky. During the original World War I, because the war lasted too long, the Russian army could not find a place to grab supplies. This routine collapsed and directly buried the Russian Empire.

After the episode passed, Alexander III smiled and said: "The current situation is getting more and more interesting. The Austrians support us in going to war against the British, and the French also support us in going to war against the British. France and Austria actually thought of going together. There is something behind this." I won't believe it if there is no conspiracy.

What do you think is the real purpose of France and Austria? What kind of benefits are enough for them to give us such a big advantage?" Suspicion is the instinct of rulers. France and Austria His methods were not clever, and the traces of deliberately provoking a war between Britain and Russia were too obvious.

Knowing that there was a conspiracy and that the Russian Empire might have become a pawn, Alexander III still chose to jump into the trap for the sake of profit.

There is no way, the current international situation is very clear, and the Russian Empire's westward advance has been blocked.

Following the lessons of the Prussian-Russian War, even the most radical war faction did not believe that expansion to the European continent had a future.

The only remaining options are to go north, south, or east. There is no doubt that there is no future in going north. The Arctic Ocean is nothing but ice, and the only Nordic federation is a tough nut.

Going east is not a good option either, the climate is too harsh. It takes a year to travel from the west to the east, which is not suitable for large army operations at all.

Going south became the only and best option. Although we have to compete with the British, why not compete these days?

Even if he is a chess piece, Alexander III must be a chess piece that can jump out of the chessboard at any time, instead of being treated as an abandoned piece by others.

Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez: "Judging from the current international situation, France and Austria support us in starting a war with the British. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs believes that there are three main possibilities.

First, let us fight with the British and consume our resources. Strength, France and Austria can enjoy their success and make war fortune.

Judging from the current support of the two countries for us, the suspicion of war fortune can be ruled out. The funds they provide us cannot recover the cost by trade alone.

Second, use We severely damaged Britain and then divided Britain.

This possibility is even less likely. Although the French repeatedly promised that they would choose an appropriate time to go to war with the British, they asked Austria to declare war on the British first.

We tried it, but the Vienna government did not Be prepared to fall out with the British, let alone go to war with the British.

Third, France and Austria want to use the war in Afghanistan to hold us and the British back so that they can take actions on the European continent.

What is it specifically? The action is still uncertain for the time being. Judging from the performance of France and Austria, we can judge that the French government is more eager. The Austrian government is relatively cold and they seem to have not made up their minds.

Based on this, we can initially Judging, France and Austria have not reached an agreement, and the strategic goals of the two countries may even conflict this time.

I personally think that the goal of France and Austria should be Central Europe.

Austria wants to take the opportunity to unify the German region, but in their hearts They have no bottom, they are not sure that they can complete unification under the obstruction of the French, and they are unwilling to give up this opportunity.

The French are trying to use this opportunity to expand into Central Europe, and the goal should be to annex parts of Belgium and the German Confederation.

Mainly the Rhineland The territory west of the river contained the coal mines that the French needed most to make up for their shortcomings in resources.

Of course, this is just a guess, and the French government's appetite may not be that big.

After all, the German Federation is not weak, and with Austria on its side, it will definitely send troops to intervene. From a strength perspective, the French's chances of winning against the German-Austrian coalition were not high.

Unless the French can make a quick decision and seize the opportunity before Austria sends troops, it will become an established fact of occupying the above-mentioned territory and block the German-Austrian forces with the natural barrier of the Rhine River. " Strategic plans cannot be hidden just because you want to. No evidence is needed, as long as there is a motive, there is no doubt that both France and Austria have motives for expansion into Central Europe.

While launching a war with the British, the Tsarist government did not ignore it. Concern about the European continent.

In fact, if France and Austria had not restrained each other on the European continent, the tsarist government would not have dared to go south with all its strength.

Minister of War Ivanov shook his head: "I agree with your judgment. The third situation most likely.

However, I have different views on the specific details. It is true that France and Austria are interested in the Central Region, but the strength of the German Federation is not weak.

If Austria wants to annex the German Confederation, it can do so from within through political means, and there is still a slight possibility of success.

If the French attack the German Confederation, even if Austria does not send troops to intervene, they will lose a few teeth.

It is impossible for the French government to fail to see this. Instead of taking risks without being sure, it would be better to retreat to the next best option and annex Belgium. " Because of the Prussian-Russian War, the Tsarist government's assessment of the combat effectiveness of the German states has been upgraded to a higher level.

Simply on paper, the current German Federation is not weak. Its military strength is similar to that of the former Prussian Federation, and its economy The total output is second only to Britain, France, Russia and Austria. Its heavy industry is the same as that of France, and its population is more than 25 million. Marshal Ivanov does not think that the French will bite this hard bone, especially when there are so many people behind it. A lion ready to hunt.

In comparison, the difficulty of annexing Belgium is much lower. No one knows about the secret agreement with Bio, and it seems that annexing Belgium will offend the British.

But just As far as Anglo-French relations are concerned, offending means offending. They have even done the issuing of war bonds to the Russians, and there is nothing else that the French dare not do.

Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez shrugged: "Marshal, France People are not as sensible as you. They have always considered themselves the number one army in the world.

If you have never been to France, you may not know that the French are particularly arrogant. Starting from Napoleon III, the French government has been promoting the theory of French invincibility.

The mindset of many French people is still stuck in the Napoleonic era, and they think they are invincible. Even though we defeated them in the Near East War, it didn't change anything. " The Near East War cannot be counted. Britain, France and Russia all regard themselves as victors. The only one who admits that it is a loser is the Ottoman Empire, which has disappeared in the long history.

Oscar Jimenez can talk about the Near East War, but Marshal Ivanov does not. I have no shame to mention the Near East War.

Although the Russian army did win a strategic victory, it lost a mess tactically. The so-called victory was entirely based on human lives. The Russian army's battle loss ratio is simply impossible to see. . Many times, the Russian army had twice the strength and was beaten on the ground.

In the eyes of orthodox soldiers like Marshal Ivanov, that was not a victory for the Russian army, but a shame.

Sensing that the atmosphere was not right, Alexander The Third said: "Okay, the appetite of the French is just a small problem.

Although we don't want to admit it, the balance of power among the four major European powers has indeed been broken in recent years, and we are the weakest.

The three countries of Britain, France and Austria are stronger than us. We are now able to compete with the British in Afghanistan, which is also the result of the support of France and Austria.

However, France and Austria can provoke a war between us and the British to reap the benefits, so why can't we follow suit?

The Central-Europe issue is the core contradiction between France and Austria. Whether Austria wants to unify the German region or France wants to move eastward into Central Europe, as long as one of them takes the first step, a fierce conflict will break out.

Now that we are at war with the British, France and Austria have no worries. If we push them from behind, the possibility of war breaking out is very high.

As long as we use the war to hurt both France and Austria, we will have the opportunity to re-establish our dominant position on the European continent, and even if things go wrong, we can bring them to the same starting line. " Anyone can cheat their teammates. France and Austria can use the Russian Empire as a pawn, and Alexander III can also fight back.

Britain and Russia have already started fighting, and the two countries will definitely suffer heavy losses after the war. If the strength of France and Austria is not consumed, Then the strength gap between the four major powers will be completely widened.

Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez reminded: "Your Majesty, once a war breaks out between France and Austria, we will lose external assistance.

Without the support of France and Austria, and relying solely on our own strength, I am afraid that the battlefield in Afghanistan will..." Alexander III interrupted: "Don't worry, provoking a war between France and Austria will not happen overnight.

Even if action is to be taken, it will be when the dust on the battlefield in Afghanistan is about to settle. Until then, we have been good allies.

What we have to do now is to ask France and Austria for loans and supplies as much as possible. If they want us to work hard, we must provide benefits. " After hearing this explanation, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. It doesn't matter if it provokes a war between France and Austria, as long as it doesn't affect the Afghan battlefield.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 878 Winter Offensive and Guerrillas

The winter in Afghanistan is very cold, but the severe cold did not stop the war. I don't know whether the British are too incompetent or the Russians are too powerful.

In the last month of 1889, the Russian army seemed to have failed, and successively captured Mazar Sharif, Kunduz, and Chakcharan, and one-fifth of the territory in Afghanistan changed hands.

Even the Wakhan Corridor and Herat, where the British troops are heavily concentrated, are shaky and may be captured at any time.

Open the window, the cold wind howls by. Looking at the flying snowflakes, Lieutenant General Patrick shuddered.

The ghostly weather of more than ten degrees below zero was really unfriendly to the British army. Britain had never experienced such cold weather.

Not to mention going out to fight, Lieutenant General Patrick felt the biting cold wind even when he stayed in the command post with the stove burning.

The domestic bureaucrats misjudged the situation and prepared cold-weather cotton-padded clothes based on the domestic temperature, which was not sufficient at all.

Fortunately, the bureaucrats in the Logistics Department carried forward the fine tradition and prepared cotton-padded clothes according to the previous number of people.

Soldiers who are killed or missing in action naturally do not need it. Officers and soldiers who go out on missions can wear two layers of cotton-padded clothes.

Even so, the non-combat attrition of the British army has increased sharply since winter has arrived. The number of non-combat casualties in some areas exceeded the number of casualties in combat with the Russian army.

The defeat on the front line was not so much that the Russian army was too powerful, but that the winter in Afghanistan was too harsh.

Especially for some Indian soldiers living in tropical areas, the winter in Afghanistan is hell on earth.

Hands, feet, ears, face... as long as the whole body is exposed, no part of it is good.

In comparison, the Russian army on the opposite side is much better. Although there are also non-combat attrition, they are only a very small number.

Except for a few areas, the winter in Afghanistan can be called a mild winter compared to the Russian Empire.

Needless to say, the results are that the Russian soldiers are at ease here, and the British soldiers are living here like a year.

The roar of artillery fire continued, and the offensive and defensive battle of Herat began again. Lieutenant General Patrick, who came to the front line to take command, was already panicking at this moment.

He finally understood why the Russians dared to launch a war before winter came.

"When will domestic reinforcements arrive?" Indian reinforcements could not be counted on. The war had been going on for three months, and the Indian Governor-General had already sent him 150,000 reinforcements.

The number seems to be quite a lot, but unfortunately the combat effectiveness is too impressive. It's okay to rely on fortifications to defend, but participating in field battles will cost you your life.

Especially after winter comes, many Indian soldiers who have lived in tropical areas for many years have suffered from frostbite, and nearly one in ten have lost their combat effectiveness.

In comparison, Britain's native soldiers are much better. Not only are they more capable, they are also much more resistant to freezing.

The British Isles also have winter. Although it is not that cold, the weather can still be several degrees below zero.

In this context, the general adaptability of British soldiers is much stronger than that of Indian soldiers who have never seen snowflakes.

The middle-aged officer behind him replied: "If nothing else happens, the first batch of domestic reinforcements will arrive in one and a half months." From the outbreak of the battle to the arrival of the reinforcements, it only took four and a half months. For the British Empire, this was It is also a qualitative improvement.

According to past practice, if reinforcements can be sent over within half a year, it is because domestic bureaucrats have the courage to do their jobs.

Of course, this high efficiency was also forced out. The enemy is the arrogant Russians, and they are coming for India. It is difficult for the British government not to be nervous.

Although this efficiency is not low, Lieutenant General Patrick is still not satisfied. The situation on the front line is urgent. The longer it is delayed, the harder it will be to fight the battle behind it.

"Send people to urge them, and also inform them to prepare cold-proof items. The winter in Afghanistan is not easy." Although it may be a little late to say this now, Lieutenant General Patrick still chose to remind them.

The commander of the expeditionary force is not easy to do. The casualties of the Indian colonial army do not matter, but once the main force of the British army suffers heavy casualties, Lieutenant General Patrick will be in bad luck.

There is no hope of success in the country in a short period of time. Although the situation encountered by the expeditionary force has been reported, winter is probably almost over by the time the gentlemen in the country make a decision and organize production and transportation.

Letting the reinforcements prepare for the cold actually means letting the officers and soldiers figure out their own solutions.

The British army had to pass through many areas along the way, and theoretically they could purchase some cold-proof materials.

Anyway, your life is yours, whether you want to spend money to increase your chances of survival on the battlefield - it's up to you.

...

Braving the cold wind, a transport convoy slowly drove out of Germain City. Judging from the direction in which the convoy is heading, it can be roughly determined that it is heading towards Afghanistan.

"Cheer up, we are about to enter Afghanistan. It is not peaceful over there. If you are not careful, you will meet God in advance." The loud voice of the middle-aged officer spread throughout the transport convoy, and everyone looked serious. got up.

Afghanistan is not a peaceful place. There are Russian troops blocking the border outside and guerrillas looting inside. Even old farmers who seem to be honest and responsible may break out and attack the transport convoy at any time.

In less than a year, British military transport convoys were attacked 476 times, 46 of which suffered heavy losses, and five of them were completely wiped out.

A total of 1,371 guards officers and soldiers were killed, 3,476 civilians were killed, and the loss of supplies was impossible to count.

High risks also mean high rewards. Although escorting supplies is a threat, the rewards are also rich.

Generally speaking, losses are allowed in material transportation. This is everyone's financial resources. As long as it does not exceed the prescribed upper limit, the higher-ups will not interfere.

If you encounter a guerrilla attack, you can still report the loss to the superiors and make a fortune.

As long as you don't go too far, your superiors will turn a blind eye. Of course, the share that should be given out must be given.

If the guerrillas in Afghanistan were not so rampant, transporting supplies would actually be a good job.

There is a lot of oil and water, little danger, and the front line is won, and the transport convoy has contributed a lot; if they lose the war, it has nothing to do with them, and they are usually the first choice of gold-plated officers.

Unfortunately, Afghanistan is an exception. Simply looking at the casualty ratio, the casualty rate of the transport team is no smaller than that of the frontline troops.

Those in the expeditionary force who have a good relationship background are responsible for the transportation of materials in India. Those who are sent to Afghanistan to perform transportation tasks are all those who do not have a deep relationship background.

A young officer replied: "Don't worry, lieutenant colonel. We have walked this road more than a dozen times, and we encountered a mob attack. The really dangerous section of the road is ahead." This is a fact, and the deeper we go into Afghanistan The more dangerous it is, this is the consensus of the British army. Most attacks occur in inland areas, especially mountainous and forested areas where the danger is greatest.

After a long period of attacks and counter-attacks, the British army also summarized a plan to deal with the guerrillas.

For example: if there is an unexpected attack, retaliate against the surrounding indigenous people and force them to stand on the opposite side of the guerrillas.

In order to establish their prestige, the British army often slaughtered villages and towns. While inspiring hatred among locals, it also brought fear.

Human nature is the most complex. Not all Afghans are able to accept death. There are also those who betray the guerrillas and join the British army for their own interests.

The more densely populated an area is, the less conducive it is for guerrillas to lurk. It was not convenient to run away after the attack, so most of the attacks were moved outside the city.

"Shut up, Weir! Your experience is bullshit. If you want to live longer on the battlefield, the most important thing is to be cautious..." Before the middle-aged officer could finish his words, a bullet whizzed towards him and hit him. His right arm.

Then random gunfire rang out, and everyone knew that the guerrillas were coming. In panic, the civilians escorting the supplies were already in a mess, and some carriages had already galloped out.

The escorting officers and soldiers hurriedly took out their guns to fight back. The injured middle-aged officer endured the pain and continued to direct the battle.

It seems that they realized that the transport team was not easy to mess with. After about a quarter of an hour, the guerrillas gave up preparations to continue the attack, leaving a few corpses behind and walked away.

Similar attacks occur almost every day in Afghanistan. As a matter of routine, the guerrillas often go out to fight ambushes.

Regardless of the strength gap between the two sides, they attacked the British army when they encountered it. They retreated immediately after the attack without any delay.

Seeing the guerrillas retreating, the injured middle-aged officer breathed a sigh of relief and hurriedly shouted to his subordinates: "Stop chasing, count the casualties quickly, and continue on the road." Their mission was to transport supplies, not to pursue the guerrillas. Suppressing the guerrillas was just an unexpected military achievement, but if supplies were lost due to the suppression of the guerrillas, they would have to go to a military court.

There are a lot of negative teaching materials in this regard. Some people fell into the trap of luring the tiger away from the mountain. As soon as they went out to pursue them, the guerrillas took the back foot into the transport convoy. There were even people who pursued the guerrillas into the mountains, but were pushed back directly. The end was tragic... ...

The transport convoy was small in number. Apart from more than 800 civilians, there was only one battalion of escorts. The casualties were counted very quickly.

After a while, Weir's young officer came forward to report: "Lieutenant Colonel, we suffered heavy losses this time. There were 184 casualties in total, including 27 wounded and 11 dead among the escort officers and soldiers, and 127 wounded and 19 dead civilians. , 7 carts of supplies were lost..." The middle-aged officer waved his hand. It may have been a touch wound, and his face suddenly turned pale. He suppressed the discomfort and ordered: "Give the order and continue on the road.

We must arrive before dark. The next stronghold, otherwise it will be dangerous at night." This is the experience summarized by Lieutenant Colonel Jack, but any convoy targeted by the guerrillas will not only attack it once.

Many times, even if they know that the attack is unlikely to succeed, the guerrillas will still launch an attack. Just like brown sugar, once it sticks to it, you can't get rid of it.

Not to mention a guerrilla group of dozens of people, even if they were attacked by a lone ranger, Jack would not dare to stay longer.

Finding that Lieutenant Colonel Jack's right arm was injured, Weir asked with concern: "Lieutenant Colonel, please take care of your injury first. It will easily become inflamed if you drag it on." Gunshot wounds are also fatal injuries these days. Even if it only hits the arm, if it is not treated in time, once the wound becomes inflamed, it is still possible to die.

For many soldiers who had their limbs amputated, it was not that the limbs were blown away by shrapnel, but that the skin was probably just scratched by bullets. Because the body could not resist, the wound became inflamed and the leg had to be amputated.

Lieutenant Colonel Jack shook his head: "What to deal with? There are no military doctors here, and we don't have time to delay.

Don't worry, I have bandaged it. It is winter, and it is not so easy to get infected.

Take the wounded and set off immediately. Killed in action Leave the officers and soldiers alone for now, and collect their bodies when they come back." The reality is so cruel, even for mid-level officers, their safety on the battlefield is not guaranteed.

The British military's traditional Chinese medical hospitals are very limited, and they do not have the luxury to provide medical personnel for transport teams.

Even if there were medical staff, Lieutenant Colonel Jack would not dare to receive treatment at this time.

As the commander of this transport convoy, Jack knew exactly what his men were like.

Even though they had just repelled a guerrilla attack, if the guerrillas launched another attack, it was unknown whether they could be stopped.

It's not that the troops lack combat effectiveness, it's mainly that their morale and morale have been destroyed.

We were all feeling aggrieved when we were transporting supplies in icy and snowy days. If morale is lost, the soldiers will run away.

There has been a real case before that because the transport team was attacked by guerrillas many times, the officers and soldiers escorting the supplies could not bear the pressure and ran away.

In order to reduce the risk of being attacked again, Lieutenant Colonel Jack had to rush on his way. So much so that there was no time to dispose of the bodies of the fallen officers and soldiers.

Anyone with a discerning eye knows that coming back to deal with it is just a procrastination. By the time everyone escorted the supplies there and came back, the corpse had long been fed to an unknown animal.

However, people are selfish, and not to mention the issue of missions, everyone is repelled from the bottom of their hearts by just sleeping in the wilderness. It's not that you can't endure hardships, it's mainly that it's really dangerous.

As the convoy left, the earth returned to calm again, with only the messy corpses on the ground proving that a battle had taken place here.

As night fell, the British transport convoy finally arrived at the small town of Thakar, and the dangerous journey was temporarily over.

In the wilderness, several young men were whispering next to a campfire.

A middle-aged man with a beard said sternly: "I don't agree with your plan. It's not yet time for a decisive battle with the British. Attacking the town of Takal will only bring unnecessary losses to us. The Russians are just us Temporary allies, you are not so naive as to think that they are really here to help us expel the British, right?" Taking advantage of others is short-handed, and eating soft-spoken words.

After receiving weapons assistance from the Russians, the combat effectiveness of the Afghan guerrillas has been greatly improved, which can be seen from the success rate of recent incidents.

No matter how much we improve, there is still a lot of pressure to rely on a guerrilla force of several hundred people to storm towns controlled by the British.

...

Note: The Wakhan Corridor and the Pamir Plateau belonged to the Qing Dynasty in the 19th century. They were designated as a buffer zone between Britain and Russia in 1895 and were later given to Afghanistan.

You can't write content, everyone understands.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 879 The British's New Strategy

As the situation on the battlefield in Afghanistan continues to deteriorate, the views of high-level officials in the British government are also changing.

Army Secretary Rosario: "The Russians' rapid advance in the Afghan battlefield is entirely due to the support of France and Austria. The enemy we face now is not the Russian Empire at all, but the Russians sending troops and France and Austria paying. The Three Kingdoms Alliance provided supplies.

Although Britain is powerful, it does not have the strength to fight against the three major European powers at the same time. If we want to win this war, we must cut off the support of France and Austria for the Tsarist government." The front line was defeated, There is always an explanation to be given to the country. Moreover, Rosario was not talking nonsense. The victory of the Russian army was indeed inseparable from the support of France and Austria.

To be precise, it was the support of Austria. The French government was also supporting the Russians, but due to the Anglo-French alliance, the scope of action was still smaller.

For the War Department, the purpose of expanding the Army has been achieved, and the most important thing now is to find ways to win the war.

Rosario is very aware of the strength of the British army and does not have the ability to turn defeat into victory in the short term. The best way to win the war is to cut off the Russians' foreign aid.

Without French and Austrian financial and material assistance, and relying solely on the strength of the Russians themselves, the war would have lasted for a year and a half, and the Tsarist government's finances would have been unable to withstand it.

Whether it is defeating the Russians head-on or killing the Russians, as long as they win the war. Rosario is a pragmatist, but not so particular.

Foreign Secretary George explained: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is already doing relevant work, but the results are not optimistic.

France and Austria are now supporting the Russians. The main purpose is to let the Russians consume our strength so that they can reap the benefits." The Ministry of Foreign Affairs Several times they provoked conflicts, but they were suppressed by the three governments. It is very difficult to cut off France and Austria's aid to the Russians in the short term." The Ministry of Foreign Affairs The current passive situation is actually a sequelae of Britain's long-term foreign policy. France and Austria both had grievances against Britain, and supporting the Russians was their way of retaliating.

Even if there is no benefit, France and Austria will support the Russians. It is right for countries to use their interests to speak for themselves, but people will hold grudges.

Take France as an example. Under normal circumstances, there is no market for Russian bonds, but the French bought them anyway.

Many buyers did not simply want to speculate, but more wanted to take revenge on the British and vent their bad anger.

As advertised, every franc spent on bonds would turn into bullets for the British.

Austria is similar. It has been suppressed by the British government in recent years and has done little overseas. The Vienna government has long wanted to retaliate.

In addition to hatred, France and Austria can also gain a lot of benefits by using the Russians to consume Britain's strength.

If the British were defeated and India became a battlefield, the sun would set on the awesome empire that never sets.

The dominance of the Royal Navy cannot be separated from the support of financial resources. Once India is defeated, the British Isles and other colonies alone cannot suppress France and Austria.

When hatred meets interests, this is the current situation. France and Austria regard supporting the Russians in attacking Afghanistan as a means to pull the British down from their position as world hegemon.

Finance Minister Xiaoji Childers shook his head: "The matter is not that serious. The French are still our allies, and the anti-British alliance will not appear. It can be seen from the intensity of support that they support the Russians. It is just a small group of people in the French government and cannot represent the position of the French government.

Austria is not a fool. Once the Russians occupy India, the pressure on their eastern front will be greater. Their support for the Russians must be limited. .

If nothing else happens, once the Russians win the war in Afghanistan, Austria's support will end." If France, Austria, and Russia really get closer, the remaining grassroots countries will know who they will support on their knees. The European continent Once united, British supremacy ended.

The core reason why Britain provokes relations among European countries is to prevent the unification or union of the European continent from threatening their interests.

After hundreds of years of efforts by the British government and problems left over from history, the European continent has long been riddled with contradictions.

It is true that France and Austria support the Russians, but this does not affect the competitive relationship between Russia, France and Austria. The position of a European hegemon makes it impossible for the three countries to truly cooperate.

From a pure perspective of development potential, the Russian Empire far surpassed all European countries. Even Austria had no way to compare with the Russians before it annexed the Ottoman Empire.

As long as it makes up for its economic shortcomings, the Russian Empire will be reborn from the ashes in an instant and become one of the most powerful countries in the world.

No matter how you look at it, France and Austria have no reason to continue to allow the Russians to continue to grow.

Especially as a neighbor, Austria, from a geopolitical perspective, the possibility of conflict between Russia and Austria is infinitely close to 100%.

Army Secretary Rosario nodded: "Your analysis is good, and logically it is true.

But it is impossible for us to let the Russians win the war in Afghanistan now, even in a short period of time. It is simply not allowed politically. .

If we want to win this war in a short time, we must make France and Austria give up their support for the tsarist government.

Otherwise, even if reinforcements arrive, it will be useless to defeat the Russians. The Russians will continue to increase their troops. , just like the Prussian-Russian War, as long as the financial and material resources can keep up, the Tsar will have plenty of soldiers.

The War Department suggested encouraging the French to expand to Central Europe, or allowing Austria to unify the German region, intensifying the Franco-Austrian conflict and triggering a European continental war." This is not the best way, but it is the most effective way. Simply trying to sow discord among various countries, the rulers of various countries are not fools and will not be fooled at all.

If you want others to be deceived, the best way is to take advantage of others. As long as the benefits offered are large enough, the conspiracy becomes a conspiracy, and even though you know there is a problem, you still can't refuse.

Foreign Secretary George warned: "Allowing the ambitions of France and Austria can indeed solve the current problem, but what are the consequences?

Once France and Austria decide the winner, a new European hegemon will be born.

If the winner is the French, We may also encourage European countries to start a new anti-French war; if Austria wins this war, we will not be able to start an anti-Austria war." In this world, it is true to speak with fists, but sometimes other factors must be considered. European countries are not fools and cannot be led around.

The expansion of the French into Central Europe will give everyone a bad association. As long as they are guided, everyone has the basis for cooperation in order to prevent the birth of the second Napoleon.

The victory of Austrian unification is different. The Holy Roman Empire itself existed before and is now reunified. It does not constitute an invasion.

As long as the Austrian Emperor does not kill them all and retains the existence of various states, everyone will not feel sad about the death of rabbits and foxes.

For small countries, no matter who becomes the leader in Europe, it will not be their turn. As long as they do not harm their own interests, they will not fight at all.

Army Secretary Rosario smiled and said: "Your Excellency, you are overly worried. France and Austria are both big countries, and it is not so easy to determine the winner.

Once this war starts, it is destined to be protracted. No matter who wins or loses, in the end Both countries will be severely weakened.

The winner may become the hegemon of Europe, but the loser will not die. As long as we intervene in time, the loser will still be one of the few major powers in Europe.

Under the power of hatred, the two countries will continue to confront each other for a long time.

The French If the war is won, the pattern of the European continent will be the Russian-Austrian alliance against France; if Austria wins the war, the pattern of the European continent will be France and Russia against Austria.

At the cost of hundreds of thousands or even millions of casualties, it will only win in name. There is no winner among the European overlords in the world.

Besides, don't you think France and Austria are too powerful? If this continues, I'm afraid the Royal Navy will also..." This is also the reason why the French and Austrian governments have exercised restraint. After all, they defeated It's easy to defeat your opponent, but it's difficult to destroy your opponent.

Neither France nor Austria has the ability to annex the other. Even if the country is destroyed now, a new regime will still be born, and the confrontation between the two countries will not improve.

Unless we engage in genocide and solve the problem once and for all. Unfortunately, we are already in the 19th century. It is okay to do this overseas, but other countries will interfere if we do this in continental Europe.

Faao doesn't have the ability to fight alone, so he must exercise restraint. Otherwise, it will only hurt both sides and make the show easy.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 880 Diplomatic relations that cannot stand the test

Franz has not paid much attention to the changing international situation. Now he is staring at the list of price changes in the first quarter.

According to common sense, the price of daily necessities such as food will inevitably rise during war years, especially when Europe's largest exporter of raw grains is involved in the war.

Because of the war, the total amount of grain exported by the Russian Empire has been significantly reduced since last year, and the amount flowing into Austria has been reduced by a quarter.

There is no doubt that this shortfall was offset by the increase in local grain production in Austria.

Although the promotion of potassium fertilizer just started last year and has not been used on a large scale by the private sector, there are state-owned farms in Austria!

In fact, the number of state-owned farms directly controlled by the government has been declining. Because of management costs, many small and medium-sized farms are leased to individuals.

No matter how much it is reduced, the land area occupied by state-owned farms is still not low. Counting only the European part, the area occupied by state-owned farms is less than 5% of the cultivated land, but it is different when other regions are included.

For example: In the Asia Minor Peninsula, except for noble fiefdoms and military merit-granted fields, the remaining cultivated land basically belongs to state-owned farms.

It's not that Franz wants to build so many state-owned farms, it's mainly due to practical needs. Unless the government arranges for people to take over, the farmland left by the Ottomans will be abandoned.

It is impossible to sell it to the private sector, which will weaken the temptation of military merit and shake the foundation of Austria.

Except for the initial land redemption and the period of colonization, the best way for ordinary people to obtain land was to grant land through military service.

Don't ask why, who would have known that there would be a continental war waiting, and preparations must be made in advance.

If there is not enough reward, why should the soldiers sacrifice their lives? If we don't hoard enough land, what rewards will be given to the soldiers after the war?

The European continent is now densely populated, there is no unclaimed land for a long time, and there is no hope of loot.

In this context, even if he knew that the operating costs of state-owned farms were high, Franz could only grit his teeth and admit it.

If you really can't sustain the losses, you can still contract it out to an individual for operation. Anyway, as long as the property of the land still belongs to the country, it will not affect its future use as rewards to individuals.

In fact, the French government's large farm plan was also brought out by Austria.

Seeing a bunch of farms in the hands of the Austrian government, they followed suit. But they don't know that Austrian farms are struggling to survive.

Because there are supporting processing companies behind them, on the surface it seems that Austrian farms are operating well and can turn over profits to the government every year.

In essence, the profits are contributed by the farm's affiliated companies. Most farms themselves can only maintain capital, and very few directly generate profits.

They are not listed companies. The financial statements of state-owned enterprises are also confidential. When released to the outside world, only total profits are announced. The outside world knows nothing about the specific corporate structure and asset allocation.

In the eyes of Napoleon IV, these were all favorable data.

If someone suggests following suit, just follow suit. There is no reason that France cannot do what the Austrian government can do.

If the bureaucrats below did not report the specific details, how could the emperor in the inner palace know about it?

Especially after his trip to Algeria, Napoleon IV directly attributed all problems to bureaucratic malfeasance and corruption.

Although the land of state-owned farms is large, the area of ​​grain cultivation is not large, and the real significance is to play a leading role.

There is no shortage of smart people in this world. The government is promoting potash fertilizer and state-owned farms are using it on a large scale. Naturally, some people dare to take risks.

In particular, government officials were the first to accept potash fertilizer and use it on their own land.

The final result is naturally that Austria's grain production capacity increased significantly last year.

The final increase in production was not the 3% estimated by the Ministry of Agriculture, but 6.7%.

Of course, this also includes the increase in cropland area and the increase in grain production capacity.

Don't underestimate this 3.7% error. Based on Austria's grain production capacity, this is the food ration for millions of people for a year.

Together with the respective agricultural plans of Britain and France, they increased colonial food production and reduced food imports.

The final result is that Russian grain exports have decreased, and prices in the international grain trading market have fallen instead of rising.

If food prices fall, it can still be tolerated. Then the prices of textiles, steel and other commodities also fell, which Franz couldn't understand.

This was a war era, and Britain and Russia were fighting fiercely. How could the prices of strategic materials fall?

Holding the document in his hand, Franz asked in disbelief: "Are you sure you got this price list correctly?" Economic Minister Reinhardt: "Your Majesty, we have confirmed it many times, and the statistics above are indeed The average price in the first quarter.

Not only did domestic prices not rise, but in fact it was the same across Europe. Except for a wave of price increases at the beginning of the war last year, prices in the first quarter showed that the market had returned to rationality.

The impact of the Anglo-Russian war on the European economy, It is not as big as we expected in advance. Especially the demand for materials is much less than we planned.

Let's ignore the British for now, they can rely on domestic production. The Russians' imports are insufficient. According to the analysis of the Ministry of Economic Affairs, there are two main reasons Reasons:

First, the Tsarist government prepared for war in advance, and many supplies were purchased before the war. Our export trade list last year can prove this;

second, the consumption of supplies on the Afghan battlefield was far higher than we expected. The ones should be smaller.

I have consulted the staff department and found that the Russian army's material consumption has decreased. On the one hand, it is limited by the terrain of Afghanistan, which is not conducive to the deployment of heavy weapons; on the other hand, the British army is too incompetent and no close war broke out. " This answer left Franz speechless. The intensity of the war was not high enough, and the consumption of materials was naturally not high.

The Russians had no shortage of food, which was originally the most consumed food, and there was no need to import it at all. The British could also raise funds from India. , there is no need to transport it from Europe.

After receiving the news of the outbreak of the Anglo-Russian war, capitalists across Europe started to expand their production capacity in an attempt to make a fortune.

Unfortunately, the production capacity increased, but the strategic materials imported by the two major warring countries could not keep up. As expected, this would be tragic.

In the era of free trade, once the supply of goods exceeds demand in the market, price declines are inevitable.

If the Anglo-Russian war had not continued and market confidence had not collapsed, the situation would have been even more serious.

After sighing, Franz said helplessly: "Counting the time, a new round of economic crisis is coming soon.

The capitalists all imagined that the Anglo-Russian War would be more grand than the Prussian-Russian War, and they all rushed to make war profits.

The current situation is very obvious. No matter how the Anglo-Russian war expands, it is impossible for millions of troops to fight in a melee.

If the current situation does not change, I am afraid that this Anglo-Russian war will be the trigger for overcapacity in European countries. " Every overcapacity is a mistake of capitalists' market expectations. If you are a smart person, you still have a chance to cut your losses now. If it continues until the end of the Anglo-Russian war, it will really be the end of the world.

You know it, you know it, Franz, however, had no intention of intervening. This was a thankless matter, and there would be no gains except stirring up hatred and taking the blame.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Overcapacity is just a small problem, nothing more than an industrial reshuffle. It was over with gritted teeth.

The trouble is that in recent times, Britain, France and Russia have been making small moves. The British, in particular, continue to directly create friction between us and the French.

Once or twice is enough. If it happens too many times, our relationship with the French will not be able to withstand this test.

Especially not long ago, the British government expressed very implicitly that as long as we give up our support for the Russians, they will support us in unifying the German region.

If nothing else, the British made similar promises to the French, and possibly even more. " Don't talk about the relationship between France and Austria. The relationship between any two countries cannot withstand a long period of tossing.

I know that this is a British conspiracy, but these contradictions exist between France and Austria, and they still cannot be resolved. The open kind.

No matter how suppressed the French and Austrian governments are, they will leave knots in their hearts. Over time, these contradictions will always break out.

Prime Minister Karl shook his head: "The core of the problem is not on our side. The key is to see What do the French think.

If the French could not withstand the temptation and accepted the British proposal, then continental war would be inevitable. " According to the original plan and proceeding step by step, it is only a matter of time before Austria unifies the German region, and the Vienna government can naturally restrain its desire and not take risks.

It is different in France. The Central European strategy is already related to the question of whether France can go further.

If Unable to expand to Central Europe, France is now at its peak, and it can only go downhill from now on.

In fact, France has already begun to go downhill. Looking at the world, the era when France had the highest international status and the strongest horizontal comparative strength was 1870 ~1881.

With the gunshot of the Paris Revolution, France was seriously injured again, and now it has just recovered.

Compared with Britain and Austria, France wasted eight years. If the energy problem cannot be solved for a long time, the future The situation will get even worse.

In this context, if the French government is not willing to fall and chooses to give it a try, it is only a matter of time.

Franz frowned and said slowly: "This situation has to be considered. We have to consider it." We must also speed up our preparations to avoid being caught off guard.

Strengthen monitoring of the French government, and must report immediately if signs of preparations for war are found. " Austria's preparations for war have begun long ago, but in order to keep it confidential, the range of actions has always been very small.

After all, now is not a good time for a decisive battle. Austria has not yet reached its limit, and its national power is still growing at a rapid rate.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 881 Paris Stock Crash

Falling prices do not mean falling corporate production costs. Even because of rising labor and industrial raw materials, the production costs of many companies have risen instead of falling.

Military orders provided by Britain and Russia are lower than market expectations, and many industries are facing oversupply. Against this background, the processing and manufacturing industry is naturally having a hard time.

In order to survive, everyone has to fight a price war. Fortunately, the companies that responded quickly at least made a lot of money in the early days of the war last year.

The market fell back in the first quarter, and overall profits were good. It was tragic after entering the second quarter. A bunch of guys who fantasized about making war fortunes joined in, further intensifying the market competition.

It is impossible to exit. The funds have been turned into machinery and factories. At this time, there is no way to find a successor.

Relatively speaking, British companies have been least affected. Government procurement prioritizes domestic business, which invisibly occupies the greatest advantage.

Among the big countries, the worst situation was undoubtedly French industry and commerce. Orders from the British government could not be obtained, and orders from Russia faced competition from Austria.

The French government is willing to issue bonds to the Russians. In fact, it is to compete for the market. After taking francs, it will naturally purchase French products.

Even so, French industry and commerce can only get some orders for daily necessities, and the military industry, which is the most profitable, cannot compete with Austria.

It's not that French companies don't work hard, nor is it that the Russians treat them differently. The main reason is that the military industry system is different.

Russian and Austrian weapons have the same caliber and can be used directly after purchase. Logistics and maintenance are very convenient.

If you buy French products, not only will the soldiers need to be retrained, but logistical supplies and maintenance will also be big problems. During the war, the tsarist government must consider practicality.

...

On May 24, 1890, it was another day when listed companies announced their financial reports. The Paris Stock Exchange was already crowded.

From everyone's chatting and laughing expressions, you can tell that everyone is in a good mood. We have been looking forward to the stars and the moon for the outbreak of the Anglo-Russian war. Now it is time to reap the rewards.

From the outbreak of the Anglo-Russian War to the present, the average share price of the Paris stock market has increased as high as 23.7%, and the increase in the foreign trade company sector once exceeded 57%, with many stock prices doubling.

Based on the generous returns during the Prussian-Russian War, everyone's expectations for the Anglo-Russian War were very high. Especially the financial report for the last quarter of last year proves this point.

As for the drop in prices, I'm sorry that the French people have not felt it. Because of tariff barriers, French prices are relatively less affected by the international market.

News is delivered slowly these days, and capitalists are shrewd owners. Export earnings are lower than expected, and product backlogs are serious. Naturally, this information must be kept strictly confidential.

If the news leaks out in advance, who will take over for them? There is almost zero market supervision these days. Since the sales problems occurred in the first quarter, everyone has been slowly reducing their shareholdings.

With the continuous good news, ordinary investors have no idea that the crisis is approaching.

In front of the exchange, a slightly middle-aged fat man was holding a financial newspaper and reading it with gusto.

"Yamix, what are you looking at?" The middle-aged fat man Yamyx replied with a hint of regret: "Financial newspapers, Hex Textile Factory is negotiating with the Russians. If nothing else, another news. A big order of 30 million francs!

Unfortunately, I am timid. I heard a few days ago that the Hex Textile Factory had a serious backlog of products, so I withdrew half of it and bought the Fedolon Machinery Factory, missing this wave of market trends." The visitor comforted him: "It doesn't matter. Fedoron Machinery Factory is not bad either. The downstream market is so good and companies are expanding production capacity. How can the performance of upstream equipment manufacturers be bad?" This is the most common experience. Once the industry Well, companies along the entire industry chain will benefit.

Yamics shook his head. It is true that upstream companies will benefit. However, the stock price increase is definitely not as large as the increase of the company involved.

Now is a war period, and all industries related to strategic materials are good. How can there be a large-scale product backlog?

Even if it's a backlog, it's just corporate hoarding! Thinking of this, Amix directly greeted the family of the guy who delivered the news.

Looking at the smiling visitor, Amix asked tentatively: "Anthony, I remember you also bought this stock, I guess you should have a good harvest this time." Anthony smiled slightly: "I just happened to catch up. I didn't buy many shares, only 20,000 shares.

But Yamics, you are too timid. The most important thing in our industry is mentality. To analyze the overall market, there is no need to pay attention to gossip.

Capitalists are also I'm not a fool. If the product backlog was serious, they would have known about layoffs and production cuts. It's not like the streets and alleys are full of job advertisements now!" After hearing his friend's analysis, Amix's face became even uglier, as if he had lost money again. One hundred million.

Judging the performance of a company from the labor market is the most basic ability for ordinary investors, and even novices in the stock market should know it.

Especially for the manufacturing industry, when companies are recruiting aggressively, the market is definitely at its best.

It seemed that his consciousness had spoken, and Anthony hurriedly said: "Okay, Amics. Now wait patiently for the company to announce its financial report. Anyway, it is just a matter of how much profit. Maybe the performance of the machinery factory will be overwhelming, and the stock price will not increase. On top of the textile factory. You must know that many new factories have popped up in recent times, and they all need to purchase equipment." As soon as he finished speaking, someone shouted again: "This is impossible!" "This is not Really, you must be lying to me, right?” … As one company after another released its financial reports, similar voices began to be heard.

Realizing something was wrong, Amix and Anthony, who were still on the outside of the crowd, hurriedly squeezed towards the exchange.

But it was all too late. Investors who had received the financial report had already begun to sell their stocks after experiencing the initial panic.

The market is full of sell orders and there are no buy orders at all. All investors on the scene knew that the market was going to hell.

Seeing that the situation was out of control, a group of well-prepared police officers appeared at the market and began to maintain order on the scene.

As of the close that night, the Paris stock market fell directly by 8.6%, and some stocks were directly cut in half.

This is just the beginning. Only a small number of companies will announce financial reports today, and the remaining companies will announce their financial reports in the following week.

If most companies fail to meet market expectations, it will be a real disaster, and now it can only be regarded as an appetizer.

It's just that this appetizer has wiped out half of the Paris stock market's gains over the past six months.

...

Recommend the book "The Han Flag Will Not Fall" (End of Chapter)


Chapter 882 Conspiracy

The turmoil in the stock market soon spread to the whole society.

Before the curtain rose, capitalists artificially created hot market conditions in order to transfer losses. This is no longer needed.

After the window paper was pierced, companies laid off employees and cut production. The economic crisis has not yet begun, but the wave of unemployment has already begun.

The news that was originally covered up no longer needs to be hidden. At this time, everyone suddenly realized that the so-called benefits were completely fabricated out of thin air.

The so-called purchase orders do exist, but the contracts are not signed by the Russian government or the British government, but by newly established leather bag companies.

Since it is a leather company, it naturally cannot represent the government's position. The so-called entrusted procurement cannot be more fake.

Frankly, this game is not very clever. Perhaps in other countries, it is possible for the government to entrust corporate procurement, but it is absolutely impossible to exist in the Russian Empire.

The tsarist government had the most uncomplaining bureaucracy. How could such hard work be outsourced?

Known as the most corrupt procurement department in the Russian Empire, this kind of middlemen making profit from the price difference and wasting national wealth will never be tolerated.

Before the crisis came, they were able to unite many capitalists to act together, control mainstream public opinion, and artificially create market prosperity. These all proved the power of the French consortium.

Friedolon Machinery Factory, a rising star in the French manufacturing industry, was founded in 1867 and has now become a leading company in French machinery and equipment.

Industrial technology takes time to accumulate. It was able to stand out from many competitors in just twenty years. The founder, Baron Fedoron, deserves a lot of credit.

Sir Fedoran, who was supposed to be successful and famous, was holding a cigar and puffing away at the smoke.

The reported in a low voice: "Your Excellency Baron, according to the latest statistics, eighteen secretary companies, including the Said Textile Factory, the Edolon Cannery, and the Ellenburg Spinning Factory, have requested returns. The total The price of these returned products is It is about 30 million francs, of which there is a balance of about 6.57 million francs, which we have not received yet.

In addition, there are 27 companies that have not delivered machinery and equipment and have directly declared a breach of contract and will not pay subsequent fees.

We arranged the production of these machinery and equipment as early as last year, and now it is too late to stop the work.

If we cannot find a new buyer, it is initially estimated that our losses this time will be as high as 54 million francs, and the forfeited liquidated damages can be offset by about 14 million francs. francs, the final loss will be around 40 million francs." Birds of a feather flock together, and as an aristocratic capitalist, Fedoron's relationship with the domestic capital community is very general.

In this retreat planned by the consortium, Baron Fedoran was excluded and became one of the victims.

The machinery and equipment manufacturing that Fedoron Machinery Factory engages in belongs to the upstream industry. Its main markets are domestic and there are almost no international orders.

The old Baron Fedoran was obviously not sensitive enough to changes in the international market. He had not anticipated that overcapacity would occur during the Anglo-Russian War.

A momentary misjudgment brewed the bitter consequences now. The company received a bunch of orders, only to receive a default notice before the delivery was completed.

After pausing for a while, Baron Fedoran said harshly: "Tell them that returns are impossible.

As long as there is no problem with the product quality, we have no return service. And ask them to pay the remaining balance quickly. .

For subsequent orders that violate the contract, they will be held responsible for breach of contract in accordance with the contract.

Instruct them to suspend the production of all orders and send people to contact the remaining customers to ensure that the orders can be delivered smoothly before continuing to organize production. For orders that have been confirmed to have violated the contract, they can Among other transferred orders, we will deploy them immediately. If it doesn't work, just dismantle the parts and use them!

At this juncture, we can't find buyers at all, and we must stop the loss in time." Mechanical equipment is different from other products. Once Once produced, maintenance costs will be incurred. The longer the backlog remains in hand, the higher the cost to the business.

Judging from the current situation, Baron Fedoron does not believe that the market is likely to recover in the short term.

Before a problem occurs, it may be ignored by the good news in the market; the problem has already erupted, and Baron Fedoran is naturally aware of the deeper reasons.

The consumption of war supplies between Britain and Russia fell short of expectations, which was only the focus of the conflict. In essence, the cycle of capitalist economic development has arrived.

Based on past experience, overcapacity is not just a problem for France, but for the entire capitalist world.

There are only a few countries that are eligible for an economic crisis these days. France's industrial production costs are higher than those of Britain and Austria, and it is naturally at a disadvantage in international competition.

Now that we are facing a crisis, the first ones to be unable to survive are naturally French companies. The French consortium, determined to make war profits, became the earliest victim.

It's just that these guys react very quickly. Before the crisis broke out, they began to transfer risks, which made investors angry.

The crisis erupted so quickly not because the consortium was already full, but mainly because there was almost no money in the market.

In the gold standard era, due to restrictions on gold reserves, the issuance of francs was limited, and there were fewer funds circulating in the market.

To cut leeks, the leeks must grow. The early benefits have already fooled retail investors into it. Those who didn't escape actually couldn't escape.

Nowadays, everyone has become a shareholder by speculating in stocks. If we don't harvest, once the news is leaked, we won't be able to harvest.

Based on past experience, Baron Fedoron can conclude that this crisis will last for one to two years unless something unexpected happens.

When the crisis ends and the market begins to overheat, it will take longer.

In this ever-changing era, no one knows when it will be time for mechanical equipment to be updated.

Keeping a bunch of mechanical equipment in your hands is simply boring. Not only will you run the risk of losing all your money, but it will also consume the company's precious cash flow.

It is equivalent to dismantling semi-finished equipment, and the company's losses may be as high as 50% to 60% of the production cost. If it continues to produce, it may lose several times the production cost.

The secretary reminded: "Your Excellency, Baron, in the contract we signed before, there was an agreement to refund part of the money if you are not satisfied with the use.

If..." Baron Fedoron interrupted impatiently: "Don't worry about so much, if they If you are not satisfied, you can go to court and sue.

At this point, are we still afraid of lawsuits?" Tens of millions of francs of losses suddenly occurred, and the Friedolon Machinery Factory, which was running well, was directly taken to the ditch.

The call from the bank for debt collection has already made Baron Fedoran almost collapse. The phone with the cord unplugged on the table is the most realistic portrayal.

"Dong, dong, dong." There was a knock on the door, and Baron Fedoron said coldly: "Come in!" A middle-aged man whispered: "Your Excellency, the people from the Bank of Paris are here and are resting in the living room. " As soon as he finished speaking, two middle-aged men in suits and leather shoes walked in.

The leader said: "I'm sorry, Baron Fedoron. The main reason for our presumptuous visit this time is..." Baron Fedoron interrupted directly: "I know what you are here for, but there are still more days before the bank loan expires. One month.

If there is any problem, we will discuss it then, or contact the people in the public relations department. Please don't disturb my work now.

Thank you!

Fike, take the two gentlemen to rest." After listening to Baron Fedoran, Fei Duolan The middle-aged man immediately made a gesture of invitation and said: "You two, please come with me." The first middle-aged man said unmoved: "Baron Fedoron, you misunderstood. Today we We are here to solve the problem for you, not to collect the loan in advance.

If it is convenient, please give us half an hour. The following conversation needs to be kept confidential, and it is best for us to communicate alone." Baron Fedoron was stunned...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 883 The storm arose.

The door of the office closed again and everyone retreated. One of the two bank representatives stayed indoors and the other stood guard outside the door, seemingly to prevent others from approaching and eavesdropping.

Baron Fedoran frowned, which was clearly a sign of distrust, but considering the current bad situation, he had to restrain his anger.

"Tell me, why should it be so mysterious? Let me be the first to say that if you want to attract the attention of the machine factory, there is no need to waste time here. The machine factory is my child, and no matter how miserable I am, I will not pay any attention to it. Out. You, Bank of Paris, are not qualified to take it away from me!" When he said this, Baron Fedoron was confident. Although the power of the aristocratic group declined, it still held the power of the French government.

Although the capitalists have money, their political voice is still not as good as that of the nobles.

As one of the few successful businessmen among the nobility, Baron Fedoron has a strong network of contacts, and even the consortium will have a headache once it is activated.

In this context, there are many people peeking into the machinery factory, but very few people dare to take action.

The middle-aged man smiled awkwardly: "Your Excellency, Baron, you are too worried. How dare we take your ideas?

In the past week, the stock market has been falling continuously, and the market has reached the edge of collapse. I am here on behalf of BNP Paribas to discuss with you. Get through this upcoming economic crisis." There is no doubt that BNP Paribas has also had the idea of ​​a machinery factory, but found that this is a hard bone, the meat is in the gaps between the bones, and if you chew hard, it will grind your teeth.

Baron Fedoron rolled his eyes: "That's enough, the old man is still self-aware. If I could decide the economic crisis, I wouldn't worry about money now." Suddenly encountered a large-scale default, and the machinery factory lacked cash flow. This is Something everyone knows in the capital market.

You can't hide something. Baron Fedoron didn't intend to pretend to be fat, let alone deceive the vampires in the bank.

The middle-aged man suppressed his smile and said seriously: "Your Excellency, the next thing is very important. If you decide to listen, then you must ensure that the content of the conversation is not leaked. I can guarantee that the content of the next conversation will not be leaked. , there are only benefits to you, no harm. Including the trouble you are encountering now, it can be easily solved." It was a naked provocation, but for the sake of having a chance to solve the funding gap, Baron Fedoran decided to continue listening.

As for whether to keep it secret or not, that depends on what the news is. As long as the benefits are big enough, secrecy is a joke.

"Tell me, if it's good for me, do you still have to worry about the news leaking?" The middle-aged man nodded and said slowly: "Your Excellency, Baron, you should have discovered it. Now various European countries have experienced different levels of production capacity. Only France suffers the most from the surplus.

In the final analysis, our industrial production costs are too high and there is no way to compete with Britain and Austria.

In order to solve the problem of industrial raw materials, we have also made a lot of efforts, but still have little effect.

Mainly energy The problem has not been solved. We have to buy coal at sky-high prices from the international market, and there is often insufficient supply. All walks of life are suffering from it.

In order to solve this problem, we hope that the domestic industrial and commercial circles can unite and let everyone work together. We strive to persuade the central government to implement the Central-Europe strategy as soon as possible.

As long as the energy problem is solved, domestic industry and commerce will usher in spring soon.

By then, I am afraid that your orders can be directly scheduled to a few years later, and the companies that have defaulted and canceled orders now will also I beg you to pay the balance." To implement the Central-Europe strategy, words alone cannot solve the problem. The French government must expand its arms and prepare for war. By then, the unsalable strategic materials in the country will be digested immediately.

If Austria intervenes and a continental war breaks out, the strategic supplies needed will be astronomical.

As an upstream machinery and equipment manufacturer, Baron Fedoron's machinery factory is naturally a beneficiary.

Although the benefits were great, Baron Fedoran frowned. After being silent for a long time, he slowly said: "You are playing with fire. Once an accident occurs, the French Empire will be destroyed!" Although the benefits are great, they are The accompanying risks are greater. The French government's Central Europe strategy has been regarded as an ideal strategy since its formulation.

From the time of Napoleon III to the present, more than thirty years have passed since the plan was formulated, but the French government still has not implemented it.

It's not that everyone doesn't want to. In fact, successive French governments have wanted to complete this great strategy. The key is that their strength does not allow it.

Although France is powerful, there is still a huge gap compared with the union of European countries. Once the operation is not done well and triggers a new round of anti-French war, it will be fatal.

The middle-aged man shook his head: "Your Excellency, high risks bring high returns. If we don't want to take risks, how can we solve the predicament we are facing now?

Besides, now is also the best time to take action. Britain and Russia are in Central Asia They fought fiercely and restrained each other. At this time, the only obstacle standing in front of us was Austria.

If we miss this opportunity, once the Anglo-Russian war is over, we will never have another chance.

Regardless of our economic recovery in recent years Not bad, but compared to other European countries, our development speed is almost at the bottom.

As time goes by, this situation will become more and more serious. If we take action now, we still have a slight chance of winning. Our chances of winning will be lower.

In fact, we should have taken action as early as 1880 during the Prussian-Russian War. It is a pity that some people looked forward and backward and wasted an opportunity." From a pure comparison of strength, in 1880 it was indeed This is the time when France has the highest success rate in challenging the European order.

Immediately following the gunshots of the Paris Revolution, France's economy suffered a heavy blow from which it has only now recovered.

Unfortunately, this is not the end of the matter, only the beginning of the disaster. Looking at the economic crisis, if there is no way to survive the crisis, the French economy will be hit hard again.

In the long history, ten years is not worth mentioning at all. But for France, this wasted decade was a decade of overall economic backwardness.

As early as more than ten years ago, France's economic aggregate exceeded that of the British Isles, but now it has been overtaken by the British.

Compared with Austria, the gap in economic strength is even greater. If this continues, perhaps by the next decade, the gap between the two sides will not be measured in percentage points, but in times.

These days, everyone underestimates the importance of the economy. When calculating comprehensive national strength, the proportion of the economy is very small.

Relying on the prestige left over from the Napoleonic era, and after years of government propaganda, in everyone's subconscious, France is still the world's largest army and the world's second largest navy, and ordinary people do not feel the pressure.

But the consortium is different. They are the most economically sensitive. Economic prosperity means more money. If the economy is at a disadvantage for a long time, the gap in strength between them and British and Austrian capital will gradually widen.

Whether it is long-term development or short-term interests, the consortium has the need to promote the Central-EU strategy.

The main reason for wooing Baron Fedoron is that capital values ​​his network of contacts, which can influence government decision-making to a certain extent.

These things cannot be bought with money. Even now, the political spokesmen of the French consortium do not have a high say.

It's okay to influence some small decisions. If you want to promote the Central-Europe strategy, you must win the support of the nobles.

"Alas!" After sighing, Baron Fedoron closed his eyes and fell into a fierce inner struggle.

The more you know, the more troubles you have. The current situation in France cannot be hidden from elites like them. The deeper he gets, the harder it becomes for Baron Fedoron to make a choice.

Seeing that Baron Fedoran was hesitant, the middle-aged man added: "As long as you are willing to promote the Central-Europe strategy, regardless of whether it is ultimately successful or not, the bank's loan can be extended to next year.

If the Central-Europe strategy is passed by the government, we can continue Provide a loan to the machinery factory." The implication of "bank loan" and not just "loan from the Bank of Paris" was very clear to Baron Fedoran. It was nothing more than several major French consortiums jointly promoting this plan.

Unlike the nobles who were tied to France, once the empire was destroyed, everyone's good days would be over.

Capitalists have always had a wide range of choices. Even if they lose the bet, they can still retreat and develop in other countries.

It's just that you need to start from scratch, and the cost is higher. No one would abandon France easily unless necessary.

Baron Fedoran sarcastically said: "You are so generous! Okay, I know what to do. I have another meeting next, so I won't leave you any more." After being treated rudely, the middle-aged man did not Annoyed, he knew the matter was done and left the office politely with a smile on his face.

From beginning to end, Baron Fedoron never asked the middle-aged man his name or identity. It's not that he is arrogant, but there is really no need to care about a little person.

It is also taboo to make decisions for the government and promote the Central-EU strategy. The big shots won't show up at all, and those who come out to join forces are just dispensable pawns.

It was fine if the plan succeeded. If the plan failed and aroused the hostility of the French government, these pawns would be ready-made scapegoats.

Looking out the window, after a long time Baron Fedoran connected the phone line, took out the phone book, and started to connect...

...

It was not just Baron Fedoran who was being lobbied. Ever since the stock market crash broke out, the capitalists had been secretly The series started.

First the industrial and commercial circles, then members of Congress and government officials, a massive public relations campaign kicked off.

Unconsciously, French public opinion also began to change. Experts and scholars have attributed a series of problems such as the stock market crash, unemployment wave, and low wages to workers to the speculation of coal prices in Belgium and Germany.

To sum it up: the despicable Bied and Germany plundered the wealth of France by raising the price of coal exports.

Of course, some street tabloids also included John Bull in order to attract attention. After all, Britain is the world's number one coal exporter these days.

These are all minor issues. The conflict between Britain and France does not last for a day or two. It doesn't matter if one more thing is noted.

In line with the principle of looking for weak points, experts and scholars decisively chose not to see it. They just asked the government to take tough measures against Germany and Germany to avoid the loss of national wealth.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 884: South or east?

As public opinion became more hostile to Belgium and Germany, massive demonstrations broke out among the people.

From Paris to Rome, demonstrations broke out in every French city with a population of more than 50,000.

There are all kinds of messy slogans, anti-coal profiteering, anti-unemployment, demands for higher wages, demands for the government to further liberalize the right to vote...etc., relevant and unrelated social groups have jumped out.

For a time, the voice of the French people was heard throughout Europe. It's just that this call is a bit confusing and a bit confusing.

At the Palace of Versailles, listening to the heart-rending shouts of the people outside, Napoleon IV became angry.

public opinion?

There is no Internet these days. If there is no one to control it, and the news spreads naturally, it may not be able to spread throughout the country in three to five months, let alone demonstrations in all major cities across the country.

"The police department will investigate for me and find out who is behind this!" No emperor wanted to be manipulated, and Napoleon IV was no exception. Even if the Central-Europe strategy is to be implemented, it will be done under his leadership rather than being rushed to the shelves.

Police Minister Adonis replied anxiously: "Your Majesty, there are many people participating this time, including capitalists, students, nobles, military, government officials and other groups.

Based on the intelligence obtained by the Police Department, we will be the first to take action It was the domestic industrial and commercial community, and then it spread quickly." The police department does not know who is the final mastermind, but this kind of information on the surface can still be found.

Adonis's political acumen is still very bright. He has been thinking about countermeasures since the public opinion broke out, and now he is naturally ready to do it.

The law does not punish the public, this is the greatest characteristic of France. Not even Napoleon IV could liquidate all the participants in the last revolution, let alone now.

It was useless to know that it was the industrial and commercial community, and there was no way to identify the original culprit. Even if Napoleon IV wanted to settle the score, he could not find anyone.

Slapping the table fiercely, Napoleon IV said fiercely: "Damn consortium, don't think you can get away with it this way." Since the industrial and commercial circles dominate, it is natural that the consortium will exert its efforts and charge this account to the consortium. Anything wrong.

In fact, the relationship between the Bonaparte family and the French consortium has never been good, and there have been many conflicts between the two parties due to interests.

Especially during the Paris Revolution, the consortium fueled the flames and took advantage of the situation, which intensified the conflicts between the two parties.

Even though Napoleon IV gave in, he still had a lot of resentment in his heart. In order to curb the growth of the consortium, Napoleon IV worked hard.

From a development perspective, this is an inevitable result. The power of financial groups continues to expand, but the cake in France has not grown bigger. The expansion of emerging forces will inevitably collide with vested interest groups.

The Bonaparte family was restored successfully with the support of the peasant class and the aristocratic class, and Napoleon IV must represent the interests of these two classes.

The French consortium has strong financial resources and great influence, but its political and military weaknesses are weak. It is obviously no match for the nobles who control political power.

If you want to continue to grow, you can only find ways to make the cake bigger.

Promoting the Central-Europe strategy is the best way. It not only solves the shortcomings of domestic industrial and commercial development, but also promotes the development of the capitalist economy and further strengthens the power of the consortium.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec reminded: "Your Majesty, we can take our time to trace the issue of the mastermind behind the scenes.

Recently, European countries have been asking us about Central-Europe strategy, and the domestic people's uproar has already This has aroused the vigilance of all parties.

Just last week, the Belgian government decided to expand another reserve army. Once the plan is completed, Belgium's total military strength will reach 154,000. The The German Federation also held a state conference, and George I proposed to follow Austria's example Implement a national reserve system and train 1.5 million more reserve troops.

And while the existing main force remains unchanged, the standing army will increase by 300,000 reserve troops. Now they are busy discussing the distribution of troops in each state.

If the Germans' plan is allowed to be completed, their actual standing army will exceed 500,000. Under extreme mobilization, the total strength of the two countries will exceed two million." There is no doubt that the two countries were besieged. France was frightened by the internal changes and was doing its best to expand its armaments.

If the two countries really complete their plans and arm all the young people in the country, it remains to be discussed whether France's Central European strategy can be implemented.

"Aren't they afraid of being sanctioned by the international community if they openly want to tear up the arms agreement?" As soon as he finished speaking, Napoleon IV realized that he had made a mistake. Seeing that the war is about to break out, who would think so much.

Given the habit of European countries being wary of France, most of them would turn a blind eye to the military expansion of Germany and Germany, or even be happy to see its consequences.

This kind of blatant biased behavior is very unfriendly to France.

After a pause, Napoleon IV said slowly: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs must find ways to disrupt the military expansion actions of Belgium and Germany, and make security guarantee commitments when necessary." Regardless of whether it wants to implement the Central European strategy, the French government must The military expansion plans of Belgium and Germany must be interrupted, otherwise France will not be threatening others, but will be threatened by others.

There is no way, who makes them have more enemies! What if one day Austria persuades Belgium and Germany, and then pulls Switzerland and Spain together to besiege France?

Don't say it's impossible, anti-French wars have happened in history. It is also possible to happen now. After all, the surrounding countries have all been beaten by them, and the basis for conflicts of interest and hatred is there.

Karel Kadlec replied with a wry smile: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has taken action, but Belgium and Germany don't trust us at all.

Besides, there are also Austrians who are causing trouble. Yesterday morning, Franz returned money to Belgium and Germany." The government sent an open letter, highly praising the efforts of the two governments to maintain European stability. " Franz has always been the best at causing chaos. Encouraging Belgium and Germany to expand their armies will do no harm to Austria.

Once the European War broke out, the first two countries to bear the brunt were Austria's natural human shields, Belgium and Germany. Whether they wanted to or not, they would block the French's eastward advance.

If the European War does not break out now, Austria will have gained time to continue farming. Anyway, Austria's current market is large enough. Once the Near East is developed, it can directly crush the enemy with its comprehensive national strength.

Army Minister Luskinia Hafiz: "If we cannot give up the idea of ​​​​Belgium and Germany's military expansion, we will have to launch the Central European strategy in advance.

Otherwise, if they really complete the military expansion plan with force, we will lose the first step. If there is no opportunity, it will be difficult to implement the Central European strategy." Prime Minister Terrence Burgin shook his head: "The key to the problem is not Belgium and Germany. Their military expansion plan only sounds great, but in fact it is simply impossible. Completed.

Belgium's military expansion plan is theoretically achievable, but can they raise so many troops? Not to mention the German Federation, there are so many small states, but not all of them have conflicts of interest with us.

If it really breaks out In the event of a war, just coordinating the armies of various states is a big problem.

You must know that for the rulers of the states, the central government of Hanover is also an enemy, and no one is willing to hand over the army easily.

The real trouble is Austria, we Once the Central European strategy is implemented, the possibility of Austria's intervention is as high as 90%.

Judging from the current international situation, I think that in order to implement the Central European strategy, Austria must be severely damaged so that they are unable to interfere with our actions." The French invaded Belgium, Germany, and Austria are almost certain to participate in the war; but if a war breaks out between France and Austria, Belgium and Germany are likely to be neutral.

Don't be short-sighted. Once Austria defeats the French, the unification of the German region will become a foregone conclusion, and the emperor George I will be embarrassed.

It was impossible for George I to do such a thing that was detrimental to himself and others. When the central government comes forward, the small states below are also happy and relaxed. They are pro-Austrian just because of their own interests, which does not mean that they have to sacrifice their lives for Austria.

Without the German Confederation, Belgium would have been even less likely to participate. Even if there is a secret agreement, the Kingdom of Belgium has limited strength and cannot afford to interfere.

Army Minister Luskinia Hafiz objected: "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, this is the most ideal situation, but in fact it is not even remotely feasible.

Our relationship with Austria has been able to maintain for so many years, not because the relationship between the two countries is friendly, but more It's not because the conflict of interest is small. The key is that no one can do anything about the other.

This is determined by the geographical location. The Alps are a natural border. Even if we can defeat the Austrians, we will eventually stop in Venetia.

Austria is not What a small country, losing Lombardy and Venetia will have little impact on them.

The Vienna government cannot just admit defeat, and then we will face a steady stream of Austrian troops, one million, two million, three million We have been wasting away.

If there was only Austria alone, we would still be confident of winning the final victory.

The problem is that there are other countries on the European continent, such as Spain, the German Confederation, Belgium, Switzerland and other countries. It is possible that the key is to fall to Austria at any time.

Especially Britain and Russia, despite the fierce fighting. However, the terrain of Afghanistan limits their performance, and it is impossible to say that they are trying their best.

Unless we can ensure that Britain and Russia will both lose in Afghanistan and prolong the war. Only when the vitality of the two countries is severely damaged can it be possible to avoid interference from Britain and Russia." The classic case of the Prussian-Russian War has made the European world understand that it is not easy to start a war with a big country, especially one with a large number of people.

In the absence of a quick resolution, a war between two major powers is a suicidal war. The loser will certainly suffer heavy losses, but the winner will also suffer heavy losses.

From a purely military perspective, if France and Austria were to go to war, it would be best to fight in Central Europe, with the winner taking advantage of Belgium to fight their way through.

If a war started in Italy, it would be a partial victory at best. Both sides would be protected by the Alps and would not be able to penetrate the core territories of the two countries.

Facing the expectant gaze of Napoleon IV, Karel Kadlec shook his head: "If a war breaks out with Austria, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs still has some confidence that European countries will remain neutral before the winner is determined.

Once we Having gained the upper hand on the battlefield, European countries will inevitably intervene, and most of them will stand on the opposite side of us.

Even our ally the British will not be an exception. For the British government, anything that disrupts the balance of the European continent will It's not allowed to happen." There is no way. The French Empire in history was too powerful, so powerful that it had no friends.

European countries have always been extremely wary of the Bonaparte dynasty. With Napoleon's cheating template, even after the Paris Revolution, France suffered heavy losses, which did not change everyone's perception.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 885 Austria's Preparations

Once the people are in trouble, the whole world will know what the French want to do. Belgium and Germany began to prepare for war, and other neighbors were not idle either.

Switzerland recruited 50,000 militiamen for six months of military training; Spain expanded five infantry divisions and announced that they would be used to suppress colonial rebellions.

The Austrian government announced that this year's retirement of officers and soldiers will be postponed for half a year, and at the same time, anti-invasion drills will be conducted across the country.

Although it was not stated explicitly, everyone knew that this was aimed at the French. The situation on the European continent suddenly became tense, and the French government at the center of the storm was embarrassed.

explain?

The smears became darker and darker. Even though they knew that the French's targets were mostly Belgium and Germany, everyone was still vigilant, fearing that the French were trying to hide their secrets.

Affected by the tense situation in Europe, the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs became lively. European countries have expressed their stance, hoping that Austria can check France's ambitions.

Franz has never been interested in the same diplomatic rhetoric. After flipping through it, he frowned and asked: "Is there any substantive content?

This kind of meaningless spiritual support can only be used to fool children. , it makes no sense to us." The specific support was not mentioned. Anyway, everyone is supporting the confrontation between Austria and the French. It is best for France and Austria to lose both sides, so that everyone can live in peace of mind.

Naturally, there is no further content in the diplomatic note, but Franz can figure it out. To be fair, this isn't too much.

If the position were changed, Franz would also encourage France and Austria to kill each other from the standpoint of European countries.

Meaningless support is better than none. At least it proves that Austria is quite popular and is not isolated by everyone.

When necessary, you can also use it to boost morale, increase your own justice, and gain an advantage in public opinion.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Yes! The Principality of Baden invited us to garrison troops to jointly defend against the French invasion; Belgium proposed that the three countries conduct a military exercise to deter the ambitions of the French." Since ancient times, inviting foreign troops to station has been a matter of course. The political risk is very high.

Franz was still slightly surprised when Baden bypassed the central government and invited Austria to garrison troops. But considering the complicated relationship between the two countries, he didn't find it strange.

Although the Holy Roman Empire collapsed for decades, its brand has not fallen. Especially after the rise of nationalism, the Holy Roman Empire is the legal basis of Greater German thought.

Generally speaking, the main force against the entry of foreign troops is nationalism, but in the eyes of Baden's nationalism, they are both members of the German nation, and Austria is also one of its own.

The internal hidden dangers are gone, and the external German federal government has no right to interfere in Baden's internal affairs. If the central government is dissatisfied, it can send troops to guard the borders.

The Imperial Parliament is still in progress, and the states are quarreling over the distribution of troops. Hanover, as the central government, is under pressure to defend the Rhineland. It is too embarrassing to reinforce Baden.

In addition to these factors, the core reason why the Baden government dared to invite Austria to garrison troops was because of the marriage relationship between the two countries.

No matter who Austria annexed, it was impossible for him to turn his back and annex Baden. Otherwise, the Habsburg dynasty would not be able to mix in the aristocratic circle.

After thinking for a moment, Franz shook his head: "Both of these proposals are unrealistic. Garrisoning troops in Baden at this time will not only irritate the French, but also worsen our relationship with the German Federation.

Once the French advance eastward, The German Federation is the best human shield. What we have to do now is to encourage them to fight the French as much as possible, instead of shouldering the pressure of the French for them. The Belgian exercise plan is even more unreliable. The troops participating in the exercise It costs too much money. After all, the French have not yet attacked, and they do not have the courage to take the initiative to seek out the French. With fewer troops participating, not only will they not be able to deter the French, but they may also stimulate their ambitions. Maybe the French government will first Let's take advantage of it and directly kill the troops participating in the exercise." There is no doubt that these are all excuses. In the final analysis, there is only one real reason. Franz did not want to be taken advantage of and was on the front line of the resistance against France.

Human nature cannot stand the test. Despite what everyone is saying now, if we really defeat the French, the target of our defense will become Austria.

Rather than being thankless, it is better to sit at home and wait for the situation to develop. After Belgium and Germany were severely beaten by the French, the situation was completely different when they came to help.

Prime Minister Karl said worriedly: "The situation in France has changed so suddenly that it is hard to understand. It always feels like someone is controlling it behind the scenes. The French are guided by public opinion, which stimulates their self-esteem. They advocate taking tough measures against Germany and Germany, and they also It's understandable.

But why are Italians going to join in the fun? I don't believe they have such a strong sense of belonging to the French government.” It has been less than twenty years since France actually annexed Italy. The older generation is still alive, and so are the younger generations. Growing up in a special era, talking about a sense of belonging is a joke.

It's good that the Bonaparte family came from Italy, but their foundation was too shallow and they had no strength at all in Italy.

Apart from the influence left by the Napoleonic era, it can be said that there is nothing left. In order to transform influence into strength, it cannot be accomplished without the cooperation of others.

The Italian capitalists who originally supported the French government were directly pushed to the opposite side because they failed in the competition with French capital.

If it weren't for being shocked by the power of France, the Italian region would have been in chaos. At least those kings and royal families who had been sidelined wanted to regain their power.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg explained: "The Embassy in Rome has already figured out the problems in the Italian region.

There are shadows of Italian independence organizations behind it, and their participation is to provoke a European war and create opportunities for the independence of the Italian region.

Judging from the source of funds for the activities, the signs point directly to the British. Considering the current international situation, the British government does have the motive to provoke a continental war. " It is best to check the funds of the activities. There are two major sponsors of the Italian independent organization. The Austrian government did not contribute the money, so it must be the British government.

Even if other countries have the intention, they do not have the guts. If the news is leaked, it will stir up trouble in Europe. If the pot of war is taken away, it can crush people to death.

Finance Minister Mark-Leo von Joseph: "The truth is no longer important. The key is is it possible to avoid war?" If possible, it is best to push the time back ten years, even five years, by which time we will be able to kill the French in one go. " It is the most ideal state to solve the French at once. The anti-French war has not been able to really solve France, which is enough to explain many problems.

On the European continent, it is easy to defeat a country, but it is difficult to completely solve a country. On the battlefield, we must Regardless of the price paid, the key is international intervention.

If a big European country like France cannot be solved at once, it will have endless troubles if it stays.

Austria has not ignored the strength of European countries to intervene, which means that after a war with the French, There will be one more mortal enemy in the west.

Otherwise, Austria would have attacked the French as early as the Paris Revolution, and there would be no need to wait until now.

Weisenberg shook his head: "I'm afraid I have to ask the French this question. If they were to implement a Central European strategy, this war would be inevitable.

Judging from the current situation, we must prepare for the worst. Merely shocking may not dissuade the French from their ambitions. " Austria's development plan for the Near East has already begun to emerge. Ordinary people don't feel it deeply, but they can't hide it from shrewd politicians.

The Tsarist government was deceived into Central Asia, partly because it wanted to recover Central Asia and wash away its previous shame; the other half was because Forced to have no choice.

Seeing Austria as a neighbor growing stronger, the Russian Empire is deteriorating, and everyone will feel the pressure.

If there is no choice, then Russia and Austria will definitely part ways, and finally become opposites due to strategic conflicts.

As a result, this time The British came to the door. The tsarist government, which had planned to stop after regaining Central Asia, saw the poor performance of the British army and failed to resist the temptation of India and rushed forward.

Strategically speaking, the tsarist government's decision was not wrong. In Defeating the British on land definitely has a higher chance of winning than fighting Austria; the benefits gained from defeating the British are far greater than those gained from defeating Austria.

Anyway, as long as India is annexed, the shortcomings of the Russian Empire will be made up, so there is no need to worry Austria.

The Russians took the initiative and the British responded passively. Among the big countries, France and Austria were the only two countries that had time to spare.

After the production capacity crisis broke out, once the British provoked it, the French interest groups and careerists who suffered heavy losses could not bear it. Stop.

The problem has been clarified. Politicians can't even try to be ostriches. If they don't complete the Central European strategy, France will always be at a disadvantage in future international competition. Franz, who had been silent for a long time, slowly said: " There is no need to look forward to it. At this point, the French government has no choice.

Unless the French government is a group of guys who have no ambitions and just want to eat and die, war will break out sooner or later.

From now on, the country will enter a level three alert state. All military industrial enterprises must be operational from now on.

Local governments must register retired officers and soldiers within their jurisdiction, and the government must ensure that 500,000 reserves can be mobilized within one week after the outbreak of war.

Order the Governor-General of the Middle East and East Africa to prepare for first-level war and seize the Suez Canal and Egypt once the French invade Central Europe.

Inform the governments of all states to convene an imperial conference on the 11th of next month to discuss the issue of resisting the French invasion. " No matter where the French attack direction is, Franz is determined to head for the Suez Canal anyway.

As for other parts of Africa, they are not strategic locations and are blocked by vast deserts. Franz is not interested for the time being.

Vienna For the government, this upcoming war is both a disaster and an opportunity.

Before this, the Vienna government only received the power to issue banknotes and customs duties. The power to command the army belonged to the emperor, and the central government had no right to intervene.

Although the judicial system was unified , but in order to protect judicial fairness from outside interference, the judicial system of the new Holy Roman Empire was independent from the government, including courts, anti-corruption bureaus and other judicial departments, which only needed to be accountable to the emperor. In this context, the high degree of autonomy The state governments and the central government are naturally powerless.

Except for influencing through economic means, the Vienna government has never issued formal administrative orders to the state governments.

Theoretically, if the state governments make people angry, the central government can also intervene.

Unfortunately, it has enjoyed the dividends of expansion. In recent years, Austria's overall economic development has been good, and the reputations of various state governments have been good. The central government has no chance to intervene at all. Things are different now. Once a war breaks out, states The government has no way to refuse the central government's unification, especially the front-line states. They cannot withstand it without the support of the central government.

How to do it is a matter between the cabinet and the state governments. The power struggle has always been They were all fought for. No one will come to your door if you stay still.

(End of Chapter)


Chapter 886: The Troublemaker is Online.

Neighbors are beginning to prepare for war, and the French government naturally has no choice. At this point, even if it does not launch a war, the French government can only prepare for war.

Anyway, Napoleon IV did not believe in the so-called good-neighborly friendship. With the relationship between France and neighboring countries, once there was an imbalance in power, someone would come knocking on the door in minutes.

In this age of the jungle, weakness is the biggest original sin, not to mention that everyone has hatred in the first place?

Since ancient times, military expansion has been considered a prelude to war. The French government's actions once again aggravated everyone's panic. For a time, the European continent was full of storms.

...British Foreign Secretary George in London pointed to the map of Europe on the wall and said: "The plan has been going smoothly so far.

Although Austria has not been encouraged to send troops to unify the German region, the French have taken the bait.

Affected by the tense situation, The Paris government has begun to expand its military. It is impossible to turn back after taking this step.

The only trouble is that there are too many countries involved. The French government's diplomacy is really rubbish. It has not found a single ally, not even the Spanish. Even if they don't hold back.

According to the current situation, if we don't help, it is very likely that Austria will form an anti-French coalition after the war breaks out, and it will bring Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, Spain and other countries to besiege the French ." Expansion of arms and preparations for war can be It's not child's play, especially when the situation is tense. As soon as the government expands its military, it sends a signal of war to the outside world.

Capitalists will increase investment in military-related fields, and existing military-industrial enterprises will also expand production capacity in the shortest possible time.

France had just experienced overcapacity and unemployment. Taking advantage of the war, companies were resurrected and workers found jobs again.

If they want to stop, the capitalists will not agree in the first place. If they invest real money and money, they cannot fail to see returns; the workers who have finally found jobs again will also not agree.

Driven by interests, it is only a matter of time before a war breaks out. All the French government can decide is who to fight and where to start.

Prime Minister Gladstone nodded. The French have no allies. This is the basis for the alliance between Britain and France.

It's just that it was a bit unexpected for them to think that all the neighbors were alerted at the same time.

"I remember that the Spanish is supported by the French. The relationship between France and Spain has been very good in the past ten years. There is no government reason for them to turn to Austria, right?" After the revolution broke out in Spain, the Bourbon royal family went into exile in France. Napoleon III made a deal with the Bourbons, supporting Alfonso XII in exchange for the Bourbons not causing trouble for him.

After Alfonso XII came to power, relations between France and Spain heated up rapidly. The outside world has always suspected that France and Spain had a secret alliance.

In such a relationship, the possibility of falling out between the two countries is very small unless there is a particularly big conflict of interest.

George explained: "France-Spain relations have indeed been friendly for a while, but the contradictions between the two countries are even greater.

Especially after the death of Alfonso XII and the regency of Austrian Archduchess Maria Christina, Spain's foreign policy has undergone fundamental changes. The relationship has changed from being pro-French to pro-Austrian.

The current relationship between France and Spain can only be maintained on the surface, far from being an alliance.

Just last week, Austria also provided a two-year deal to the Spanish government. An interest-free loan of tens of millions of Aegis. After receiving this loan, the Spanish government immediately announced the expansion of five infantry divisions.

Not only Spain, in the past month, Austria has successively issued large amounts of funds to Belgium, the German Confederation, and Switzerland. The French government was very slow to respond in this regard .

After the incident, they did not take correct measures to win over other countries. Instead, they sent people to warn and threaten." As good neighbors, France and Spain have never been at war. On the other hand, the Habsburg Dynasty also made outstanding contributions.

But that was hundreds of years ago, and there is no longer any hatred. What remains fresh in the Spanish memory is the anti-French war.

If the British defeated the myth of the Invincible Fleet and pulled Spain from its position as maritime supremacy, then Napoleon was the end of Spain's empire on which the sun never sets.

Mexico, Central America, Peru, Colombia, Chile, Paraguay and more than a dozen countries, with tens of millions of square meters of land, became independent because of the anti-French war.

It is absolutely impossible to say that the Spaniards have no resentment, but France is powerful and Spain is weak and has a lot of internal conflicts, so they have to endure it.

No matter how much we tolerate it, France-Spain relations will never get better with this hatred. When Alfonso XII was alive, the relationship between the two parties was not bad because of the grace of the Restoration.

After Austrian Archduchess Maria Christina took over as regent, without a pro-French monarch, anti-French voices in the country naturally grew louder.

Finance Minister Xiaoji Childers: "From this aspect alone, the French government's approach is not wrong.

They themselves have a bad relationship with their neighbors. If they want to win over allies, they must pay higher costs.

It is just a promise Interests, no one would believe it at all, and they are no match for Austria in terms of financial resources.

Their only advantage is the prestigious reputation of the French army. If they cannot win over these countries, they can just frighten them.

They are just a bunch of fagots anyway. As long as France remains strong enough, these guys will not dare to act rashly.

Moreover, the French government is used to being strong. If it suddenly puts down its power to win over other countries, it will make everyone have bad ideas." This is fair, but it is really not the case to win over allies. France's strength is to compete with Austria in this area. Apart from labor and effort, it is difficult to have a substantial effect. It is not as effective as deterrence by force.

Gladstone frowned. The situation of the French was worse than expected. Forced deterrence is indeed effective, but if France and Austria are in a stalemate on the battlefield, these countries will be the last thing that breaks the camel's back. straw.

Franz is world-famous for his generosity to his allies, especially when he is generous to others.

"The Ministry of Foreign Affairs must find a way to keep all countries neutral. Otherwise, if the five countries join forces, the French will have no chance of winning!" The French are confident. It has been propaganda for decades, and high-level government officials are listening to this sentence. Growing up, I subconsciously believed that the French Army was invincible.

Father, like son.

Gladstone was not so confident in the combat effectiveness of the French army. In his impression, the French Army was indeed number one in the world, but number one did not mean invincibility.

Even a large number of ants can kill an elephant. France and Austria are not sure of victory in a single match. If a few more opponents are added to the battle, the battle will be unwinnable.

Britain wants both France and Austria to suffer losses, but it is not to allow Austria to take advantage of the situation, and now it has to sidetrack itself.

Foreign Secretary George shook his head: "This is difficult to do. Unless the French attack Austria from Italy, we have a way to keep countries neutral.

Otherwise, we can only keep Spain neutral, and add one Switzerland at most.

They It is a neutral country. As long as the French do not take the initiative to cause trouble, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is sure to persuade the Swiss government to be neutral." There is no way to do it. France and Austria are facing each other because of Belgium and the German Confederation. If the French want to invade their territory, it is simply impossible to neutralize the two countries.

Prime Minister Gladstone nodded helplessly. Originally, Belgium and Germany were the younger brothers they supported, but now they had to give them up for the benefit of the empire.

Thinking of this, Gladstone got a headache again. Both the Bede and Germany were part of the Gotha dynasty. It would be fine if the French were defeated. If the French won the war, the Gotha dynasty would suffer huge losses.

If she had known that he planned this incident, Queen Victoria would probably have wanted to chop him to death, and now Gladstone would not even dare to go to the palace.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 887 Vittorio Emanuele III

After Napoleon III annexed the Kingdom of Sardinia, Vittorio Emanuele II, who went into exile in London, formed the Sardinian Exile with the help of the British government.

Later, the French annexed the remaining areas of Italy. In order to meet the needs of the Italian anti-French movement, Vittorio Emanuele II passively became the leader.

The reason is very simple. Those who are barefoot are not afraid of those who wear shoes. Vittorio Emanuele II, who has nothing, has the courage to fight to the death with the French.

In comparison, several other kings and royal families are different. Although the country was taken away by the French, he still had the crown in name and could receive an annuity every year.

In this context, although everyone was very dissatisfied, they did not have the courage to jump out and fight the French. They just made small moves in secret.

The original Sardinian independent organization was only supported by the British, and the organizational structure was generally stable. The situation changed when it later expanded into the Italian Independent Organization.

Austria has also become a supporter of independent organizations. With an additional sponsor, many things have become complicated.

In 1878, after the death of Vittorio Emanuele II, his 9-year-old son inherited the throne. Naturally, a little kid had no ability to calm internal conflicts.

The Italian independence organization existed in name only and gradually divided into four waves, representing the Kingdom of Sardinia, the Papal States, Tuscany, and the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies.

As a result, the Italian independence movement fell into a low ebb. Even after the Paris Revolution broke out, they launched an uprising, but it was only short-lived.

A lion and an elephant fight a rabbit with all their strength. The war in Europe was about to break out, and Franz naturally wanted to recruit all the forces he could.

Although the strength of the Italian independent organizations is weak, their appeal among Italians is strong!

Think about it, at a critical moment in the Franco-Austrian War, the Italian soldiers in the French army suddenly gave up their jobs. How comical that scene was.

There is no doubt that the most powerful and influential of the Italian independent organizations is naturally the Sardinian Independent Organization, a direct descendant of Vittorio Emanuele III.

Although the Kingdom of Sardinia has been annexed by the French, and the French emperor has an extra crown on his head, Vittorio Emanuele III is the recognized king of Sardinia in Europe.

No matter how powerful France is, the European aristocracy will not recognize the crown it illegally snatched. Franz also played a great role in this regard. The Habsburg family took the lead in denying the legitimacy of the Bonaparte family to the throne of Sardinia.

In a manor outside London, two men, an old man and a young man, were fishing. It was obvious that both of them were distracted, and they ignored the objects suspended in the water that were constantly being pulled.

Jonas, the Austrian minister in London: "Your Majesty, the European War is about to break out, and your opportunity to restore the country has come." The young Vittorio Emanuele III smiled slightly: "That is just an opportunity, the French The strength of the country is still strong.

It is still very difficult for Italy to get rid of the rule of France. Unless your country can severely damage the French on the battlefield, otherwise, relying on the strength of independent organizations will simply lead to death." This is the key to the problem and also the controversy. Focus.

Jonas hoped that the Italian independence organization could launch an uprising first to shake the French military morale and increase the Austrian army's chances of victory on the battlefield.

Vittorio Emanuele III hoped that Austria would first defeat the French on the battlefield and then organize an independent uprising.

Jonas shook his head. He understood Vittorio Emanuele III's vigilance. The relationship between the King of Sardinia and Austria had never been good.

If the French are driven away and Austria is welcomed back, it will be a tiger at the front door and a wolf at the back door.

"Your Majesty, there is no free lunch in this world. It is impossible to gain national independence without paying a price.

I know what you are worried about and understand your feelings, but you should know that Austria never treats its allies badly.

Since we have made a promise to support your country's independence, we will fulfill our agreement.

However, Austria also pays attention to equal exchange, and will take as much loot as it pays.

If you wait until the overall situation is decided before participating, then we will not be able to Guarantee the territorial integrity of your country." This is a naked "threat." Apparently Jonas has determined that Vittorio Emanuele III cannot cooperate with the French, and he must obtain Austria if he wants to restore his country. support.

Vittorio Emanuele III's face changed drastically. After all, he was still too young to be able to express his emotions and anger.

"Your Excellency, Minister, ensuring the territorial integrity of Italy is our bottom line! If we cannot do this, there is no need to talk." Minister Jonas reminded: "Your Majesty, you are only the King of Sardinia and have no qualifications. Representing the other three states.

In fact, we have reached an agreement with the representatives of the three states. Now we are talking to you only about the Kingdom of Sardinia." These days, Italy is just a place name. Now it is recognized internationally as four states. The Italian Independent Organization That was a grassroots team and had no legal significance.

Hearing this answer, Vittorio Emanuele III's face became even more ugly.

As the leader of the Italian independence organization, he originally thought that after driving away the French, he would become the king of Italy.

However, the reality is very disappointing. Jonas told him clearly that this was impossible.

The Italian Independence Organization represents nothing. Austria only recognizes Sardinia, the Papal States, Naples, and Tuscany.

Austria does not recognize it, so there is no way to talk about the Italian king. Vittorio Emanuele III was very unwilling, but unfortunately he did not have the confidence to fall out.

He is unwilling to cooperate with Austria, but there are people below who are willing. Don't think that members of independent organizations are so noble. Everyone has to eat.

As a king, even if he is in exile overseas, he can still live a life of feasting and entertainment, but the tragedy is for his followers below.

Even those with a rich family have been exhausted after so many years of hard work; those from poor families have already found jobs in London and have starved to death long ago relying on the small subsidies issued by independent organizations.

After so many years, the hot-blooded young men of the past have long been worn away by life. Returning to the country is their only chance to turn around.

Whether it is the king of Italy or Sardinia, as long as they are able to establish political power, they can transform into aloof rulers.

The last life-saving straw, no one will let go. Anyone who blocks our way is our enemy, even the titular leader Vittorio Emanuele III is no exception.

After pausing for a while, Vittorio Emanuele III slowly said after adjusting his thoughts: "Your Excellency, Minister, we can find ways to contain the French, but with our strength, we do not have the ability to directly confront the French army." Seeing that his goal was achieved, Jonas smiled and replied: "Your Majesty, please rest assured that Austria will not cheat its friends.

After the war breaks out, you only need to cause sabotage in the rear and affect the French army's logistics and transportation. You need to go directly to the battlefield.

For example: spreading rumors to shake the French military morale; calling on Italians not to sacrifice their lives for the French; destroying roads and bridges, organizing workers' strikes...

In order to reduce losses, you can also call on the people to non-violently disobey. These They are all contributions." Hearing Jonas's explanation, Vittorio Emanuele III breathed a sigh of relief. They are best at shouting slogans. The shortcomings of independent organizations lie in the military.

As long as they don't fight the French and cause sabotage in the rear, they can still do it.

After a pause, Minister Jonas added: "Your contribution to this war will determine your post-war benefits.

As long as your contribution is large enough, you will receive territory and war compensation. It turns out that Satan You also have the opportunity to take back the territories that are disputed between King Din and the French." This is not a pie in the sky. As long as they win the war, no matter how their performance is, the disputed territories will be divided into the Kingdom of Sardinia.

Austria has no appetite for annexing France, and the hatred between France and Austria will definitely deepen after the war, and may even remain unresolved for decades.

For the stability of the Western Front, the Austrian government must weaken France. Except for the independence of the Italian region, France's mainland is actually very stable and cannot be split up at all.

Even if it is forcibly split, it will be reunited within a few years. Franz cannot do useless work.

In this context, the Austrian government has no good solution other than inviting neighboring neighbors to carve it up.

Moreover, it was not just the land that was divided, but also the hatred that accompanied it.

If we take away the land from the French, we will have no choice but to fight with the French to the death. There was no choice but to hug Austria's lap.

Without any hesitation, Vittorio Emanuele III replied decisively: "Don't worry, Minister, we will do our best to cause trouble to the French!" The conditions are already very favorable, even better than those of Vittorio Emanuele III. Nuele III's previous expectations were much better. Austria had no intention of attacking the territory of the Kingdom of Sardinia.

The only regret is that Austria opposed his unification of Italy, but this was not a big problem for Vittorio Emanuele III.

In exile since birth, Vittorio Emanuele III has also gone through many vicissitudes of life. Although he is young, he is not good at it.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 888: Bern

, affected by the tense situation in Europe, life in Switzerland, a neutral country, is not easy.

As the "roof of Europe", Switzerland is not an unimportant strategic location as later generations of keyboard warriors thought.

On the contrary, Switzerland, located in the center of Western Europe, borders Austria to the east, Italy to the south, France to the west, and Baden and Württemberg to the north. It has been an important transportation artery in Europe since ancient times and has a very important strategic position.

Because of its mountainous terrain, Switzerland has many strategic locations. For example, St. Gotthard and St. Bernard are battlegrounds for military strategists.

The European Continental War was about to break out, and Switzerland, as a neutral country, became the center of the storm. How to take sides became a problem.

As the rotating chairman, Bernhard Heimer was very unfortunate to catch up. The only thing that gratifies him is that countries are still focusing on inducements and do not directly force them to take sides.

This is the inevitable result. Switzerland is easy to defend but difficult to attack, and there are famous Swiss mercenaries. Anyone with a discerning eye will know at a glance that this is a strong backbone.

Under a system where all citizens are soldiers, it is still possible for Switzerland to field 3.5 million troops. Although Switzerland is still a poor country now, so many troops cannot get the weapons and equipment together.

But as long as we stand in line, these problems will not be a problem. Neither France nor Austria will complain that they have too many troops.

Benhard Heimer explained: "Your Excellency, Minister, Switzerland is a neutral country, and we will not participate in continental disputes." Bernhard Heimer had said similar words countless times, but he came to visit There is still an endless stream of people.

In the eyes of most people, he was waiting for a price. Only Bernhard Heimer himself knew that he was really unwilling to let Switzerland participate in the European disputes.

There is no way, the financial resources of Switzerland are really too thin. If you stick to your homeland, you can also take advantage of the geographical advantages to participate in the war and take the initiative, but you can only fight head-on.

For a small country like Switzerland, participating in the Franco-Austrian dispute would result in limited gains if it won and a total loss of family property if it lost. It was totally outweighing the gains.

Austrian Minister Elie Decatz shook his head: "Your Majesty the Head of State, don't speak so absolutely. Many things in this world are forced by everyone.

We are not willing to fight this war if possible, but the French are not Agree.

You must be aware of how ambitious the French are. If we don't stand up to stop them now and allow them to expand into Central Europe, we will definitely suffer serious consequences in the future." Benhard Heimer remained silent, thinking in his heart Deep down, he has complained countless times. In essence, the French ambitions were also indulged by Austria.

If Austria had not allowed the French to annex Italy in the south, and there would not be the powerful French Empire today, naturally there would be no current troubles.

It is absolutely impossible to think about it and say it out loud. Now Switzerland also needs Austria to step up, otherwise Switzerland will be really in danger when the French annex Belgium and the Rhineland.

"Your Excellency, Minister, it is indeed very important to curb the expansion of the French, but our strength is limited and we really do not have the ability to participate in this war." It is impossible to participate in the war, and it is impossible to participate in the war in this life. To curb the actions of the French, we will only need to support them morally.

Elie Decaz was not surprised at all by Benhard Heimer's refusal. There was no real benefit, and it was just to curb the expansion of France, which was not enough to make the Swiss die.

"Well, if your country is not willing to participate in the war, you can go neutral first.

Just open the checkpoint at the critical moment, let our troops pass by, and catch the French by surprise.

In return, your country can get Kongtai after the war. region. If your country is willing to send troops, you can also get the Sava region." I have to admit that Austria is very generous in the distribution of benefits. Even Bernhard Heimer, who had made up his mind to remain neutral, was a little tempted.

The Comté region includes the departments of Doubs, Jura, Haute-Saône and Belfort, with a total area of ​​​​16,202 square kilometers, equivalent to two-fifths of Switzerland.

If you add the Savoy region, it would cover most of Switzerland. This is already the limit, and they won't be able to eat any more given to Switzerland.

After hesitating for a moment, Bernhard Heimer resisted the temptation. No matter how great the benefits are, they will only happen after defeating the French. If they lose on the battlefield, there will be nothing.

Judging from the data on paper, the Austrian side obviously has a huge advantage, but it cannot hold up to the French army's prestige.

Napoleon was also at a disadvantage when he defeated the anti-French coalition. No one knew whether the French would replicate the miracle of their ancestors, and Benhard Heimer did not dare to take risks.

"Sorry, Your Excellency, Minister. We have no ambitions for French territory. Switzerland is just a small country and has never thought about external expansion." We must refuse. If we are indecisive at this time, it will spread that Switzerland is peeping at French territory. If France is allowed to Once people know this, the Swiss government can't help it.

Elie Decaz smiled and said: "Don't worry, Your Majesty the Head of State. After the war, the French were too busy to take care of themselves, and it was impossible for them to ask for these lands from your country.

You know, a large part of the French territory was stolen. After the war, the property will definitely be returned to its original owner.

For example: the states in Italy will regain their independence, and the Hautes Pyrenees they captured in Spain need to be returned. Lorraine and Alsace that they invaded and occupied in Germany must also be returned, and the northern... ...

If your country is worried about security issues, Austria can completely provide you with protection. After the war, we will also sign a treaty to jointly contain France." After listening to Elie Decatz's explanation, Bernhard Heimer's heart Messy. If Austria's plan succeeds, the current French Empire will shrink by at least half.

As long as all countries can fulfill their obligations, France will lose the possibility of rising again. Even if Napoleon was resurrected, his neighbors would not give him a chance to become big.

If this were all, Switzerland was also one of the vested interests, and Bernhard Heimer had no reason to object.

However, along with the division of the spoils, Austria's position as the European hegemon was also established, which was not what Bernhard Heimer wanted to see.

Austria now seems to be harmless to humans and animals and rarely causes trouble on the European continent, but Austria, which cannot become the hegemon of the European continent, will also be so peaceful.

If the situation changes and Austria becomes interested in Switzerland, they will be in danger.

Don't say it's impossible, this is the ancestral home of the Habsburg dynasty, and almost all previous Habsburg monarchs have been planning to visit this place.

After calming down, Bernhard Heimer flatly refused: "Your Excellency, Minister, Switzerland is a neutral country, which was determined as early as the Congress of Vienna.

This is our fundamental national policy and will not change due to changes in the outside world. So Although your proposal is very tempting, we can only reject it with regret.

But don't worry, we still stand with your country on the issue of containing France, and no third person will know about today's conversation. " Despite rejection, Bernhard Heimer still didn't want to offend Austria. Deep down, he felt that Austria would probably win.

There are not so many reasons, just relying on the plan just now, Austria has the advantage.

Although the French are powerful, they cannot withstand so many enemies! Once the European War breaks out, France will face internal and external troubles.

Seeing that he could not do anything, Elie Decaz did not continue to force, and waved his hand: "Well, your country is not willing to participate in the war, and we will not force you to take advantage of it.

However, out of the need to attack France, I hope that after the war breaks out, , your country can set up obstacles for the French in trade." If we can't reach an agreement now, it doesn't mean we won't be able to reach an agreement in the future. Once the anti-French coalition gains an advantage on the battlefield, it will be much easier to recruit Switzerland to join them.

It really doesn't work, the worst is coercion and inducement. Small countries are just useless, and their so-called principles are worthless in the face of survival.

After hesitating for a while, Bernhard Heimer replied: "There is no problem in setting up trade barriers.

France is not a member of the free trade system and the principles of free trade do not apply. After the war breaks out, we can prohibit the flow of strategic materials into France ." Verbal commitment, there is no pressure on Benhard Heimer. The embargo of strategic materials must also be viewed based on the actual situation.

If the anti-French coalition has an obvious advantage, then it will really impose an embargo on France. It is the survival instinct of a small country to side with the winner, and it does not need to be considered at all.

If the two sides are in a stalemate, then they can ban it in name and smuggle it in secret, and both sides can explain it to them.

On the contrary...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 889 Armored Forces Go Online

While deceiving Switzerland, Austria also used the same trick to deceive Spain, but the conditions were more favorable and the requirements were looser.

Although the Banya Empire has declined, it is still one of the great powers. It can't be bought with a small profit, and Austria is unwilling to pay a big price.

Therefore, they can only lower the requirements and do not need them to send troops to participate in the war. As long as Chen Bing's border creates a blockage for the French, then when the overall situation is decided, they can go up and make a last-ditch attack.

If the French win, then just pretend that nothing happened and do whatever you have to do.

Anyway, even the military expenses are provided by Austria, and the interest-free loan in front is the appearance fee for the Spaniards.

There is no need to worry about losing money in a business that is guaranteed to make a profit.

The only trouble is probably offending the French, but I have offended them before with the change in foreign policy, and I don't care if they do it again.

As a member of the great powers, Spain can still afford such a small matter.

In addition to wooing Spain and Switzerland, Austria is also promoting other European countries.

Although it is impossible for these countries to participate in the war due to geopolitical relations, it is still good to use them to build momentum.

In contrast, the French's reaction was much slower. The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs is really not useless. The main reason is that the problems left over from history are too serious.

The Central-EU strategy that has been exposed has aroused the vigilance of European countries and directly increased the difficulty of the work of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

Although the French government has repeatedly denied it, its actions to expand its military and prepare for war cannot fool anyone. Compared with the promises of the French, everyone is more willing to believe what they see.

Especially after the British participated, the situation became more complicated. Many people were worried about the outbreak of a full-scale war on the European continent, namely: the British-French Alliance vs. the Russian-Austrian Alliance.

The turbulent international situation made Alexander III, who was far away in St. Petersburg, extremely distressed. It is true that he wants to provoke a Franco-Austrian war, but it must not be now.

Since the situation in Europe became tense, the prices of various strategic materials began to skyrocket, with many doubling.

No matter how high the price is, the tsarist government can only bite the bullet and buy more, or even hoard more. Otherwise, if the European War really breaks out, even if you have money, you will not be able to buy the goods .

Affected by rising prices, the tsarist government's military expenditures have increased dramatically in the past two to three months.

Alexander III: "Will the French accept our mediation?" There is no doubt that the key to quelling this turmoil lies with the French. As long as the French government is willing to abandon its Central European strategy, this war will not be fought.

Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez shook his head: "Accepting it means not accepting it.

The French government promised to abandon the Central European strategy, but they put forward conditions to compensate for the cession of several coal mines on the border between Germany and Germany.

From now on Judging from the situation, it is impossible for the two governments of Belgium and Germany to make such big concessions. Austria's attitude of not willing to fight a war has provided them with confidence." It is quite similar to the situation before the First World War, both the Allied Powers and the Entente Powers The confidence to win the war, whoever is a coward is a grandson.

Although Belgium and Germany are weak, they have many allies! Not to mention that most countries in Europe support them in resisting aggression. With Austria as their backing, they have the confidence to compete with the French.

Compromise is easy to say. Nationalism is on the rise in both Belgium and Germany. If they really make concessions to the French, the domestic people will bury the government with their spit.

Belgium and Germany were unable to make concessions, and the Paris government was unable to give up. If we stop now, an economic crisis will soon break out in the country, and maybe there will be another Paris Revolution.

After thinking about all this, Alexander III cursed: "Damn British guys, they know how to play these dirty tricks." No evidence is needed. From the perspective of benefits, you know that it is inseparable from the British.

"The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has asked me to find ways to delay the outbreak of the European War. No matter what method you use, including coercion, induction, and intimidation, the outbreak of the war must be postponed to the second half of next year." There is no way. If the European War breaks out immediately, it will be a disaster. The war in Afghanistan, with victory in sight, has become confusing.

Although Alexander III had confidence in the Russian army, he could not resist the fact that the British were rich and could not win on the battlefield.

Without the support of financial backers, the Tsarist government's wallet alone could not last long.

Oscar Jimenez replied awkwardly: "Your Majesty, this may be difficult to do.

If we did have the ability to intervene before the war in Afghanistan broke out, we could calm both sides down, but now the French may not buy it." It's not that the Russian Empire doesn't have enough dignity, the key is that the time is wrong, and several countries involved are expanding their arms and preparing for war.

All that was left before the war broke out was a fuse. You can't stop just because you want to.

Delaying the outbreak of war is easy to say, but you must consider the actual situation! If possible, the French also want to wait until Britain and Russia are both injured before taking action.

The problem is that the Central-EU strategy was exposed in advance, and before the French government was ready, it was already known to everyone.

Looking at the posture of the neighbors' military expansion, we know that if it is delayed until the second half of next year, Belgium and Germany may actually have two million troops.

Even if there were two million pigs, they wouldn't be able to kill them all in a short time. This many troops were enough to hold out until Austrian reinforcements arrived.

If a breakthrough cannot be achieved in a short period of time, the war will become a war of attrition. For France, a war of attrition was a disaster.

… War was imminent, and Franz no longer cared about keeping secrets. The armor and tanks that had been hidden for a long time came out of the laboratory one after another and officially entered service in the Austrian army.

Without any hesitation, Franz directly ordered the formation of 6 armored divisions and 4 tank brigades.

It's not that Franz is discriminating against tank troops, it's mainly that tanks these days are all at a snail's pace, and their actual combat value is far inferior to armored vehicles.

Taking the V3 tanks currently in service as an example, their maximum speed is only 12 kilometers per hour.

This is still a theoretical value. You can only run on flat ground without obstacles. If you can run at a speed of 8 kilometers per hour in actual combat, it is God's blessing.

In comparison, armored vehicles are much faster, running at a casual speed of 50 to 60 kilometers per hour, with a maximum speed of 94.7 kilometers per hour.

In addition to speed, tanks also suffer from far more breakdowns than armored vehicles. On average, after running for one or two hundred kilometers, maintenance will be required.

With so many shortcomings, the tank can still be fielded, so it naturally has its unique advantages.

That is, it is more resistant to beating than armored vehicles. When it comes to destroying enemy fortifications, breaking through trenches, barbed wire fences, and machine gun fire points, tanks are almost invincible, at least in this era.

Of course, you can also bully the enemy's infantry and cavalry in the decisive battle and just press them all the way. This will have a huge impact on the morale of the army.

After inspecting the newly minted armored forces, Franz felt confident.

Although the armored forces behaved very immaturely and the military had no experience in using armored forces, the enemies were all infantry and cavalry!

Even if France is good at imitating and following trends, it is too late to plagiarize now. Austria has been building an armored force for more than ten years, and they cannot catch up in a short time.

Looking at the armored forces being drilled, Franz asked with concern: "How long will it take for the armored forces to become combat effective?" Army Minister Feslav: "The armored forces are a new technical arm. We have never had one before. We have been in contact.

It has been less than a month since the formation of the unit. I am afraid it will take at least a year to truly form a combat effectiveness. However,

the enemy we have to face this time does not have armored units. We only have to deal with the French. The infantry and cavalry can be used improvised after another month or two of training." Strength and weakness are all relative, and if it is an evenly matched battle, it is natural to face it at its peak.

But now it's armored troops fighting against flesh and blood. Even if they are not at their peak, they can still beat them.

Franz nodded: "We still have plenty of time. Even if a war breaks out, the armored troops do not need to go to the front line immediately. Let's practice slowly according to the normal schedule. In the next three months, the armored troops will not fight. Mission." "Yes, Your Majesty!" Archduke Friedrich replied . There is no doubt that these armored units are the most important arms in the Austrian army. This unit is naturally under the command of his own people.

Anyway, everyone has no command experience, and they don't even have anyone to learn from. They need to start from scratch and promote young officers.

Under this background, Archduke Friedrich no longer needed to continue training in East Africa. Franz was directly transferred back and was ordered to form this armored group.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 890 Grain grabbing

The tense international situation has not only pushed up prices, but also affected international trade. The trade volume of almost all countries has been declining.

Especially France and Austria, which were at the center of the storm, suffered the most heavy losses. Companies engaged in international trade between France and Austria are busy collecting accounts and no longer accept reservations, and transactions must be made in cash.

There is no way, no one knows when the war will start. Once you become a belligerent country, don't expect the other party to pay.

Contracts have no role here. The destructive power of war is astonishing. Even if you win, the other party will not have the money to pay the balance; if you lose, it will be even worse. No winner has ever paid the loser.

This is true for countries, and it is the same for companies. An armistice treaty can erase all previous debts.

If foreign trade falls, it will fall. Anyway, the European War is about to break out, and the capitalists have already been gearing up to make money from the country's difficulties, and they don't care about the small profits in foreign trade.

In the Palace of Versailles, since the implementation of the Central European strategy was determined, Napoleon IV's spirit became highly tense.

Confidence is self-confidence, but the lessons of failure left by Napoleon are a lingering shadow in his mind.

Napoleon IV asked expectantly: "How far has the diplomatic work progressed? How many countries have accepted our goodwill?" Napoleon IV did not expect to win allies. European countries would not do anything that was obviously seeking the skin of a tiger.

France does not have enough benefits to buy everyone into participating in the war. The best option is to divide the European countries and prevent them from uniting against France.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec calmly replied: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has initially completed its task. We have convinced Portugal, Spain, the Netherlands, and the Nordic Federation to remain neutral.

If the military has no plans to send troops from Switzerland, then Switzerland We will also remain neutral in this war.

The British support us, and the Russians want to mediate this war. After we refused, the Tsarist government was very angry and might side with Austria.

But in the war, there is a winner. Before losing, they will wait and see the situation neutrally. After the Austrian army is defeated, the Russians will intervene.

It may affect our profits, but it will not affect the outcome of this war. For the tsarist government, a strong Austria does not It is not in their interests.

Except for these countries with some influence, the remaining Greece and Montenegro have very limited strength and are not qualified to influence this war. They are also seriously affected by Austria and have no value in winning over. The Only Belgium, the German Confederation and Austria have achieved specific results by relying on the military to go to the battlefield." It can be seen that Karel Kadlec is an optimist. Even if he is one against three, he is still sure that the law will The army can win.

As for diplomatic work, it is no longer easy to reach this point. Even with the help of the British, Karel Kadlec was able to achieve such results within a period of time.

Belgium and Germany are the goals of France's expansion, and Austria is France's biggest competitor. It is impossible to avoid these three enemies.

In fact, the French government has also thought about dividing the three countries, for example: first annexing Belgium, digesting it, and then seizing the Rhineland region.

Unfortunately, the British hidden behind the scenes did not agree, and Austria, which had signed an alliance with Belgium, would also not tolerate this kind of thing.

Of course, if we attack the German Federation first, Belgium is still very likely to be neutral. After all, as a small country, its first priority is survival.

It's a pity that Belgium has a good geographical location. To attack the German region, it is best to borrow a road from Belgium, otherwise you have to go over the mountains.

Not only does the delay take a long time, but the success rate is also very low. In comparison, it would be more cost-effective to kill Belgium as well. Anyway, their plan also includes annexing Belgium.

Napoleon IV nodded and affirmed: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs did a good job this time. Your job next is to stabilize these countries and prevent them from causing trouble." To deal with the three countries of Bideau alone, France will have to bear two fronts. Under the pressure of war, if other European countries join in, the war will be impossible to fight.

It's not that the French army can't fight, it's just that it can't take care of so many places. Although the French army has mobilized millions of people, the main force is still the original hundreds of thousands, and other newly formed troops will follow suit.

Once the troops are divided along multiple lines, the French army's combat effectiveness advantage will not be obvious. No matter how elite the troops are, if there are insufficient numbers, they will be worn out on the battlefield.

Not being dazzled by the verbal praise of Napoleon IV, Karel Kadlec analyzed: "Your Majesty, we are about to encounter a new trouble.

News came from the minister in Vienna that a week ago the Austrian government and the Russians An agreement was reached to buy out the grain that the Russian Empire planned to export this year at a direct premium of 25%.

Two days ago, Austrian Foreign Minister Weisenberg had a secret meeting with the ministers of Belgium and Germany, and it was suspected that an agreement was reached.

All signs indicate that this agreement is definitely aimed at us. If nothing else, the three countries will impose a material embargo on us in the near future.

Other materials are easy to say, but the problem is coal and food. Once the three countries impose a material embargo on us, For transportation and coal, we can only rely on the British, and food can only be sourced from overseas." The French government does not have a complete emergency reserve system. Even if there is food and coal in storage, it is spontaneously hoarded by capitalists in order to make war profits.

For an individual, it may be an astronomical figure; but for a country, it is a drop in the bucket.

Problems with either energy or food will cause fatal harm, let alone problems with both.

It's okay to say that there is a shortage of coal. Britain and France are now allies. The London government wants France and Austria to suffer losses. Naturally, they cannot watch the French collapse due to lack of coal.

The worst case scenario is to take advantage of the situation and sell it for a sky-high price. It's not like the French have never used sky-high coal. After withdrawing from the free trade system earlier, France suffered retaliation from sky-high coal prices.

Food is not enough. The British themselves are food importers and have no ability to support the French.

Of course, the food production cycle is not long. As long as we get through the most difficult period, it will be solved later.

Finance Minister Roy Vernon was shocked and said: "The premium is 25%. Are the Austrians crazy?

Is it possible that the Vienna government has too much money to spend? Even if it wants to win over the Russians, there is no need to go to such trouble. ." Due to the tense situation in Europe, international food prices have soared significantly. At this time, if the price is 25% higher, the price of purchased food will be twice as expensive as before.

You must know that grain is a commodity traded in bulk. The total amount of grain exported by the Russians every year is measured in millions of tons. Doubling the price means that the Austrian government will have to pay tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of Aegis.

Prime Minister Terence Burgin shook his head: "No, the Austrians are not crazy. If they don't grab food, the food may fall into our hands.

If nothing else happens, the food being snapped up is not only from Russia, but also from the Americas They also cut off the food of various countries in advance. If they can't defeat us on the battlefield, they will naturally resort to such despicable methods. Moreover, the cost they pay may not be as high as we imagined.

Whether it is the Russians or the Americans All countries are debtors of Austria. As creditors, they can directly use their debts to offset their debts.

However, they still take it for granted that they think this can defeat us.

In recent years, our work has not been in vain. The big farm plan has been carried out until now. , it can provide millions of tons of grain to the country every year, enough to meet most domestic needs.

During war, we can also take extraordinary measures. The government can call on the people to save food, and at the same time introduce a temporary bill to prohibit the use of grain to feed livestock , prohibiting the use of grain to make wine...

As long as we persist for a few months, these problems will be solved when we defeat the enemy." There are insufficient grain reserves, and we can't buy enough grain overseas. What else can we do besides finding ways to intercept the flow? ?

Of course, we start a war in advance!

It's not that France doesn't produce food, but it just doesn't produce enough food for consumption, which doesn't mean it doesn't have imported food and will soon run out of food.

The domestic food supply can still last for a few months. As long as the war is won before the crisis breaks out, all problems can be solved.

Upon hearing the bad news, Napoleon IV's face suddenly darkened.

At this time, he had to be thankful that he insisted on promoting the big farm plan, otherwise he would be in tragedy now.

He didn't know how much grain the capitalist had stored. Anyway, a batch of grain was usually stored for no more than half a year.

On the one hand, the storage time is too long, which increases storage costs and losses. If the grain is unsaleable and the new grain turns into old grain, it will be worthless; on the other hand, too much grain is squeezed into the hands, which will occupy a lot of working capital. Increase operational risks.

After pondering for a while, Napoleon IV said slowly: "The Prime Minister is right. Now we must find ways to save food. The government will make an announcement as soon as possible.

From now on, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will rush to buy food all over the world. I don't want to I believe the Austrians can buy up all the food." ...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 891 Qualified Bureaucrats

Due to the tense international situation, food prices in France had risen sharply, and the announcement issued by the Paris government at this time only added fuel to the fire.

Everyone knew there was a problem with France's food supply. Although the French government has repeatedly assured that domestic food supply will not be affected, there has been a wave of food grabbing among the people.

In order to make huge profits, the capitalists deliberately exaggerated the food crisis, and all kinds of rumors were flying all over the place.

Stabilizing food prices cannot be done by words. Everything else can be deceived. It is an indisputable fact that the amount of food flowing into France is decreasing day by day.

Affected by food price fluctuations, Rafael's life is difficult. In order to calm domestic food prices, Napoleon IV ordered state-owned farms to transport the autumn grain back to the country immediately after harvest.

As the head of the farm program, Rafael is well aware of overseas farm operations. The output on the books and the actual output on the farm are completely different concepts.

Due to factors such as natural conditions and bureaucratic management, the cost of food production on overseas farms remains high, far exceeding international food prices.

Due to tariff barriers, foreign food inflows are subject to high tariffs, and food prices in France have always been at high levels.

You can earn more by importing food than growing it yourself. Bureaucrats will not struggle with money, so they naturally know what to choose.

Napoleon IV cleaned up the land once, but it only included some cosmetic works, and most of the farms were still in disgrace.

The central government is not a fool. If the farm produces 100,000 tons of wheat but sends 110,000 tons of wheat to the country, problems will definitely be discovered.

Stupid bureaucrats have been eliminated, and those who can stay and make money are smart people. In order to make huge profits, everyone has become a model of wasteland development.

On the books, the farm reclaims a large amount of land every year, and its food production capacity is increasing, artificially creating a prosperous situation.

With fabricated data, everyone defrauded the government of financial subsidies and engaged in food smuggling to make huge profits.

Now it's no longer possible. International food prices have skyrocketed. What was once a profitable business has now turned into a loss-making business. Bureaucrats who realized that the crisis was coming began to look for a way out.

Recently, Rafael has been receiving a bunch of resignation letters every day, many of which are signed and left.

After Napoleon IV's order to transport grain was issued, before Rafael could react, the farm officials were reduced by one-third.

All the big shots ran away, and the rest were small fish that couldn't run away. The mess was in Rafael's hands.

With a "bang" sound, Rafael threw away the thick stack of resignation letters in his hand and said harshly: "Cole told these damn guys that if they want to resign, they can solve this problem first." Let's talk about it later.

Otherwise, we will all die together. No matter who is behind them, I will send them to hell before going to jail.

By the way, I will contact those who run away and do not return within a week, and their names will be The identity of the spy appears on the wanted notice." It's not enough to be ruthless. The mess breaks out at this time, which is enough to kill anyone. Rafael has not lived enough and cannot bear the blame.

Although the crisis is serious, it is not without a glimmer of hope. Theoretically, as long as we find ways to fill the food hole, this crisis can be overcome.

Over the years, everyone has made a lot of money. From a purely economic point of view, it is still affordable to use part of it to make up for the difference.

Cole's man replied with a bitter look on his face: "Your Excellency, once this order is issued, I am afraid that all the remaining people will run away. The problem now is not money. If it is just a compensation, everyone will not run away." So fast.

After all, the positions on the farm are all good jobs, and the money you need to pay now can be doubled in the future.

The key is that there is money now, but there is no place to buy enough food!

After the Austrian government swept the goods in advance, in the international A monopoly has been established in the market, and grain is prohibited from flowing into France.

Even smuggling is not possible. No matter how good a smuggler is, there is no way to smuggle millions of tons of grain in a short period of time without being discovered.

The best we can do is It is impossible to complete the government's tasks by paying a high price to resell a small amount of grain from other countries." After listening to Cole's explanation, Rafael finally understood why so many officials ran away.

It is true that this matter is too big and it has happened at this juncture. Once it is exposed, no one from all walks of life will be able to spare them.

If you don't run away at this time, there will be no chance to run away later. Anyway, it's easy to run away these days. As long as you have money, you can hide in some foreign country and come back when the limelight is over.

Count Rafael cursed angrily: "They are all a bunch of idiots and idiots! If you can't buy it abroad, why can't you buy it at home?

As long as we follow the government's requirements and transport sufficient food back to the country, who cares where the food comes from?" Where did it come from?

If it really doesn't work, let's borrow a batch of food from the food wholesalers we cooperate with for emergency use. The food on the farm has to be sold to them anyway.” Deep in his heart, Rafael deeply despised the hand. Those bureaucrats who are running away in a hurry have no ability to adapt to changes.

After a pause, Rafael added: "Order each farm to compile a locust plague report with more detailed notes, attach the photos prepared in advance, and submit it to the government together.

Remember, as long as Algeria and Morocco Just reduce the farm's production. Don't do anything in Egypt yet. If you try too hard, you will be discovered. The total of production reduction and harvest failure is tentatively set at about 25%. Let the people below not try to be smart.

Let's work together to find a way. Whether it's borrowing, buying, or cheating, I don't care. After the autumn harvest, each farm must transport at least 30% of the prescribed quota of grain.

I made excuses for the rest, and after the war broke out, I tried to find a way to shift the blame to the Austrians. " It is impossible to completely eliminate the harvest. If this were the case, it is estimated that Napoleon IV would kill people.

Rafael has not lived enough and does not want to challenge the emperor's bottom line. A quarter reduction in production is enough.

False reporting of political achievements, in It is the norm in the French government. Everyone is bragging. Otherwise, how can France keep pace with Britain and Austria?

However, false reports must be limited. If they are enlarged by more than ten or twenty percent, everyone can accept it; if it is multiplied several times, Dozens of times, it would be unbearable.

There is no doubt that the water content of France's farm plan is several times or dozens of times. The specific amount of water depends on the integrity of the bureaucrats in charge. In a sense Said that Rafael's allocation also takes into account the principle of fairness.

For farms with small water content, bureaucrats will get less benefits. Their own production capacity may be enough, and there is no need for heavy bleeding now.

The water content is serious, or it simply exists on paper. The money of the farms has been swallowed up by the bureaucrats in charge, and now it is their turn to bleed.

Besides, it is not a complete loss. The government also has to pay for the grain turned over, and the bureaucrats only lose the difference.

The bleeding will not be It is acceptable for most bureaucrats to suffer a lot of damage.

After all, everyone is serving a golden job, and the losses incurred now can be doubled in the future. There is no need to ruin one's reputation for such a small gain.

"Yes, Count! " Now Cole admires Count Rafael so much that such a big matter was solved in just a few words.

...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 892 Acceleration

In the Confederate States of America, on a farm in Texas, billowing smoke was rising, which could be clearly seen dozens of miles away.

Looking at the fire, Odell, a farmer, had mixed feelings.

After living for most of his life, this was the first time he encountered a buyer who did not transport the grain away after buying it, but burned it directly on the spot.

But for the sake of SHIELD, Odell will not refuse no matter how bizarre the buyer's request is.

Still unable to hold back his curiosity, Odell asked the doubt in his heart: "Mr. Ulbert, our deal is completed.

But don't you think it's a pity that such good food is burned like this?" Wu Albert said helplessly: "There is no way. The French are sharpening their knives and want to invade my motherland.

As a businessman, I am not able to return to the country to join the war, but I still want to do something within my ability.

Not long ago, there was a rumor in Europe After receiving the news, Austria finally officially intervened. It also issued a proclamation ordering the French to stop war actions, otherwise it would call on all countries in the world to impose a material embargo on France .It is said that Thirteen countries have announced their participation. This is to avoid The only chance for war.

As long as the French cannot buy enough strategic materials, they will not be able to launch a war of aggression, and my motherland will be protected from the threat of war." There is naturally an announcement. In order to occupy the moral high ground, in recent times, Lantzko issued many declarations to persuade the French to step back from the brink.

The same words will produce completely different effects in the ears of different people.

In the eyes of the European people, Franz was trying his best to avoid war; in the eyes of the French, this was because Austria was afraid.

On the one hand, they are dealing with tough diplomacy, and on the other hand, they are shouting the banner of peace. It is obvious that they do not want to fight.

Apart from being afraid of France, there was absolutely no need for Franz to stand up and make meaningless shouts. Even the threat is a weak material embargo, and there is no domineering attitude at all.

Many French people also suspect that as long as they take action, Austria will shrink back and can easily seize Central Europe.

The thirteen-country embargo sounds scary. Anyone who knows the inside story knows that it is a joke. Just look at the participating countries.

Needless to say, Belgium, Germany and Austria are must-have countries, and then there are Greece and Montenegro.

Opening the map, it is not difficult to see that these two small countries must join the embargo alliance, because after Austria's blockade of France, their trade with the French has been interrupted.

The remaining Sardinia, Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, Papal States, Tuscany, Lucca, Modena, and Parma are clearly French territories, and they actually announced that they would join the embargo alliance.

There is no doubt that these guys who are joining in the fun are all announced by the exile government on behalf of their own country. It is impossible for the French-controlled state governments to jump to rebellion at this time.

Coupled with the Mexican Empire in exile in Austria, the thirteen-nation embargo just came together.

Odell sighed with emotion: "You are really a patriotic businessman! But as long as you don't sell the food to the French, why do you need to burn it?" What is Popular these days is that capital has no borders, and patriotic businessmen are definitely rare creatures. Most businessmen They only have interests in their eyes.

Ulbert replied righteously: "I will not sell to the French. There are other people who will sell the grain to the French. As long as it is resold, the final flow of the grain is beyond my control. As far as I As you know, in order to put pressure on the French, the Austrian government is also sweeping goods from the market.

As long as the French government does not give in, the food in their hands will not flow into France. It is inevitable that food prices will continue to rise in the short term.

You know me I am a businessman, and businessmen cannot resist the temptation of profit.

If the price of food keeps rising, I cannot guarantee that I can stick to myself in the face of profit.

In order to avoid the worst thing from happening, it is better to burn it." ...

Perhaps it was an unexpected coincidence that when the two were talking, they happened to meet a reporter from the San Franco Daily News and recorded everything with a pen.

After newspapers published the news, it quickly caused a sensation in the Confederate States. The patriotic businessman would rather burn the grain than sell it to the French. Such a touching story will naturally be widely circulated.

Soon, news of merchants burning grain appeared frequently in various places. Some were patriotic merchants, and some were simply out of righteous indignation. Anyway, everyone did not want the French to buy grain.

The case for bullishness emerges. Food is a necessity. In the past, Austrians rushed to buy it, and in the later days, righteous businessmen burned it. As the amount of food circulating in the market decreased, rising prices were inevitable!

With the help of capitalists, everyone believed that food prices were going to skyrocket, and even ordinary citizens began to hoard food.

Then, the grain trading prices of the Allied countries began to rise sharply, and they tended to catch up with Europe.

Especially in the futures market, the price of grain transactions more than doubled a few months later.

Similar scenes were not only staged in the Confederate States, but also in other American countries.

It's just that the script has been changed. It's not necessarily food that's bullish, and other industrial raw materials haven't fallen either.

...

The rise in prices affects not only the French, but the whole world suffers from this disaster.

There is no way, the capitalists are too powerful. Austria only got a start, and the rest was entirely up to them.

As the newspaper said: "With the emperor's order, Europe trembled and the world changed.

Thick smoke rose from the farm, changing the color of the sky and the earth; a mountain of flames emerged from the coal mine, turning day and night upside down!

Poor people are still running around for three meals a day and worrying about keeping warm..." Whether the ironic news is about Franz or Napoleon IV is a question worth discussing.

But the mentality The good Franz, by default, was satirizing Napoleon IV, and quietly sent people to change the emperor to the French Emperor. The subsequent behavior of burning supplies was also interpreted as a means for the people to oppose French hegemony, but it was a pity that it was unscrupulous Capitalists took advantage of it and ended up hurting the world by mistake.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Your Majesty, these are diplomatic notes sent by various countries. They hope that we can exercise restraint and stop our current economic tactics. " What is supposed to come will come. In any case, Austria is the cause of the matter. There is nothing wrong with people protesting.

But is the Austrian government's responsibility for rising prices?

The answer is: No! No matter how rich the Austrian government is, it will not Methods to buy up all the supplies from all over the world. In fact, only a small part of the supplies were actually bought by the Austrian government.

Although the burning operation was the first to be planned by the Austrian government, it was just a show, and the whole process was burned. They just bought thousands of tons of grain.

The supplies bought with real money were burned on fire, and Franz was not that stupid.

Burning the supplies was nothing more than creating an excuse for the capital market to make everyone believe that there was an imminent shortage of supplies in the market. Promoting price increases.

When the country does not have enough, it is natural to restrict exports. France is not a member of the free trade system, so it must be the unlucky one. As for some small countries that have been accidentally injured, Franz can only It's a pity. After all, there is no perfect strategy in this world, and it is inevitable that someone's interests will be damaged.

Franz asked with concern: "How much have commodity prices in the international market increased compared with a year ago? " Weisenberg: "The overall price has been raised by 31.4%, the price of coal has increased by 94.1%, the price of grain has increased by 144.1%, and the price of steel has increased by 79.7%..." After hesitating for a moment, Franz said slowly : “The price is almost the same, let's start shipping! If this continues, everyone will be unable to sit still. " Although the economic tactics are good, the problem is that public anger is hard to offend. Forget about making a profit, if the game continues, governments will definitely intervene.

In fact, governments can delay the protest until now because the capitalists have also made great efforts .

Prices are determined by market supply and demand. No one can live with money. The Austrian sweeps have pushed up prices, and capitalists are the biggest beneficiaries.

In order to make huge profits, I don't know how many capitalists burned them under the guise of resisting French hegemony. supplies, fueling the rise in prices.

Prime Minister Karl objected: "Your Majesty, if we start shipping now, these supplies will flow into the hands of the French..." In a sense, the Austrian government is now shipping, which increases the French's war effort. Potential can also be regarded as a kind of "enemies".

If Franz hadn't said it, if anyone had proposed selling off the supplies hoarded overseas, Prime Minister Karl would have sent greetings to his family.

Franz shook his head: “We can't delay it any longer. Prices have risen to a high level. If we delay any further, these supplies will fall into our hands.

I originally bought it at a high price. If I don't take advantage of the current opportunity and sell it, it will be difficult to sell it later.

As for your worries about capital enemies, they are completely unnecessary. Even if we don't sell it, the French can still buy it.

Don't forget that the world of capital now has overcapacity, not undercapacity.

Compared with the entire market, the supplies we hoard account for at most one or two percentage points.

As long as the French delay the start of the war, all problems will be solved.

The current international situation is not suitable for us to take the lead in provoking a war. Political requirements dictate that the first shot must be fired by the French, and we can only respond passively.

Selling supplies now not only gives the governments of various countries a face, but also takes the opportunity to make a fortune and cheat the French. Why not do it? " This is a fact. Whether the French government is willing to accept it or not, prices have gone up anyway. If you want to buy, you must accept high prices.

After thinking for a moment, Prime Minister Karl nodded: "If this is the case, then we'd better stimulate Look at the French and start a war before shipping. " What we have to do must be done. The highest price point will definitely be after the war breaks out. The French have not launched a war for a long time. The biggest problem is that they do not have enough strategic materials.

Once the war continues, they will be trapped in less than half a year. Dilemma.

The French are not stupid either. They naturally considered the consequences of the continuation of the war. After all, in addition to Bede, the enemy this time also has the giant Austria. A war between major powers cannot be ended in one battle. , there is still a chance for a comeback. As long as the enemy refuses to compromise, the war will continue. Once the materials are purchased, it does not mean that they can be used immediately. They have to be transported back to the country for processing, which will take several months or even longer. cycle.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 893: Forced to Conquer and the Trigger On

September 11, 1890, the five countries of Germany, Belgium, Austria, Greece, and the United Kingdom simultaneously closed their trade channels with France, and the material embargo officially began.

For a time, the European continent was in turmoil. Everyone knew that this was a precursor to the coming storm, and a continental war was probably unavoidable.

Persuade the French to give in?

The anti-French alliance's material embargo directly pushed the Paris government into a corner. Taking a step back is not the vast sea and sky, but the abyss of hell.

Advise the Anti-French Alliance to calm down?

This is even worse. The anti-French alliance is the victim. If the French had not been ambitious and wanted to invade Central Europe, this thing would not have happened at all.

The worries of the melon-eating masses are just that the European War will bring disaster to the pond, not that they love peace. Real pacifists will not be able to hold power.

In the Palace of Versailles, Napoleon IV held a political meeting again with dark circles under his eyes. There is no way, waiting is the most anxious thing.

As the situation develops, what was originally just an attempt to gain benefits from Belgium and Germany has now evolved into a decisive battle that will determine the future fate of France.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec: "Austria has begun to form an anti-French alliance, and has now attracted the four countries of Belgium, the North German Confederation, Greece, and Montenegro to join.

Switzerland and the Netherlands have begun to waver, and anti-French forces in the Spanish government have The voices are also rising, and the mainstream public opinion in Europe is mostly leaning towards the anti-French alliance.

Recently, Austria has strengthened its ties with the Nordic Federation and Portugal. If it continues to be delayed, the situation will only become more and more unfavorable to us." Brain supplement The most frightening thing is that the Austrian government has frequently contacted dignitaries from various countries and announced that it is strengthening business cooperation.

It's okay if the Austrian government doesn't explain. It's hard for Karel Kadlec not to doubt this explanation.

In the era of free trade, most governments did not interfere with economic operations, and there was no cooperation at all.

In fact, this is also true. Although Austria has a high frequency of contact with various countries, it has not signed a treaty, at least not explicitly.

Karel Kadlec did not know the specific content of the negotiations, but he still received the news that the representatives had a happy talk.

Whether it is deliberately disgusting France or really intends to join the anti-French alliance, this is not a good thing for the French government.

Prime Minister Terrence Burgin: "Now we are not only in trouble with diplomacy, but also with strategic material procurement.

In just a few months, the price of the strategic materials we plan to purchase has nearly doubled, and some Commodity prices have even doubled.

In the name of calming domestic prices, many countries have raised tariffs with us, significantly increasing corporate procurement costs.

Affected by insufficient supply of raw materials, some domestic companies have begun to cut costs. production capacity, which is very detrimental to the upcoming war.

There are various signs that all this is controlled by Austria, and they are trying to use these means to defeat us outside the battlefield!" War between major powers is not only on the battlefield, but also on the battlefield. The outside is also full of swords and swords.

France is undoubtedly at a disadvantage in this regard. Austria's foreign trade volume is several times that of France, and its domestic market far exceeds France's.

The political and economic influence of both parties has long been on the same level. Coupled with the impact of historical issues, it is almost inevitable that the French government will be at a disadvantage.

Napoleon IV frowned: "It's not that serious. If European countries really supported the anti-French alliance, they would have joined the blockade against us long ago.

As long as they all join in, it is impossible for us to go against all countries and give up. The Central European strategy is the inevitable result.

The current situation is more like Austria controlling it, pulling in the big drama prepared by other countries for us, trying to make us fall into disarray." After being emperor for so many years, Napoleon IV is no longer a newbie. Novice. There are no secrets in politics. National politics and diplomacy revolve around interests.

Starting from the perspective of interests and analyzing what is most beneficial to a country, we can roughly guess what each country wants to do.

There is no doubt that it is in the best interest of everyone that both France and Austria suffer losses. In this context, except for the two parties involved, Bede, who couldn't avoid it, everyone was just watching the fun and not taking it too seriously.

Except for countries like Greece and Montenegro, which have no choice but to support Austria, the remaining countries have no reason to join the anti-French alliance.

In the eyes of Napoleon IV, the current approach of various countries is to add fuel to the flames, cheer up the Austrians, and strengthen their determination to go to war with France.

Economic Minister Elsa: "Your Majesty, we can't delay it any longer. When we complete our war preparations, the enemy will also complete their war preparations.

We are not a member of the free trade system, and we are at a disadvantage when it comes to purchasing strategic materials. The domestic economy is also slightly inferior to that of Austria, and it is not suitable for a protracted war with Austria." Napoleon IV understood that it was not the ministers who were anxious, but the domestic capitalists.

After confirming that the French government would implement the Central European strategy, the capitalists started production at full capacity.

As time goes by, the goods in everyone's hands are increasing day by day, and the liquidity is decreasing day by day. The war still has not broken out, and everyone can't think about it in a hurry.

If a major change occurs midway, and the war is suddenly said not to be fought, or if the war is postponed for three to five years, everyone will be doomed.

The goods sold are money, and the goods accumulated in the hands are not assets, but liabilities, because storage also requires costs.

The government can just think about purchasing in advance, but it is simply impossible to achieve. The reason is very simple: the French government does not have so many warehouses to store supplies.

In this context, if capitalists want to digest the inventory in their hands, they can only let the war break out in advance.

The ministers are clamoring to launch a war in advance. Not everyone is bribed, but mainly because they know that they can't stop it.

Either the government takes the initiative to provoke the war and takes the initiative; or the capitalists initiate the war, and no one knows how the situation will develop.

Before Napoleon IV could make a decision, the attendant hurriedly shouted outside the door: "Your Majesty, there is an urgent military situation on the front line." The situation in Europe was already very tense. At this time, even if the anti-French alliance came first, no one would feel it. strangeness.

After hearing the urgent military situation, Napoleon IV naturally did not dare to neglect: "Bring it in quickly!" ...

After a moment, Napoleon IV slowly said: "There is news from the front line that three soldiers were patrolling at the border between us and Belgium. , were suddenly attacked by the enemy, two were killed and one was missing." This was not the first time for border friction, but the death of people had never happened before.

Because of the tense situation, security has been stepped up on the border. Soldiers patrol in groups, and the distance between them is not too far.

Under normal circumstances, if an accident occurs, surrounding troops will arrive immediately. The dead are understandable, but the missing are intriguing.

As long as the two countries of Belgium and Germany are not stupid, they will not do such weird things. But at this juncture, no one cares that much.

Whether it was justified or not, the French government wanted to go to war, and this was a ready excuse for war.

Even if he knew there was something wrong with it, Napoleon IV couldn't get into it. Otherwise, if something is found out, it will be the French government that will be embarrassed in the end.

But it was inevitable that he would feel unhappy. The deceased was a French soldier. He didn't die on the battlefield, but suffered an unreasonable disaster because some people wanted to start a war in advance.

Everyone bowed their heads and said nothing. They were also very embarrassed when something like this happened!

Earlier or later, it's okay, but not at this time.

Just now everyone lobbied the emperor to start a war, and immediately there were excuses for war. It looked like they were trying to force the emperor to go to the palace.

This kind of misunderstanding is very fatal politically. If there had been a strong emperor, they could go home now.

Under the sharp gaze of Napoleon IV, Prime Minister Terence Bourgin said bravely: "Your Majesty, this happened, and we should immediately hold Belgium accountable.

Order the Kingdom of Belgium to hand over the murderer within 48 hours and release him." Capture the soldiers and compensate us for our losses.

Either... or else..." Seeing Napoleon IV's increasingly ugly face, at the end, Prime Minister Terrence Burkin couldn't continue speaking, and his voice became broken.

Seemingly feeling that it was almost done, Napoleon IV restrained his murderous gaze and said coldly: "Just do as the Prime Minister wants, but it's best not to cause any more trouble." ...

Recommended book: "The No. 1 Ruthless Man in Southern Ming Dynasty" "People" A new book by a historical master who knows everything in one sleeve, reborn Yongli Emperor Zhu Youlang, and becomes a ruthless man to save the Ming Dynasty...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 894 Confused Belgium After

Leaving the palace, Prime Minister Terrence Burkin's back was already soaked, and he understood that he had been tricked.

coincide?

There is no coincidence in politics. Even if it is a coincidence, the emperor must believe it.

There is no problem in lobbying the emperor to go to war. This is also the prime minister's job, and it is not an overstep.

But it happened that the soldiers were attacked and the emperor mistakenly thought that he was forcing the emperor to invade the palace, which would be a big problem.

After a little thought, Terrence Burgin pinned his suspicion on "Raphael", the deputy minister of agriculture, but he really didn't understand why his cronies wanted to trick him.

You must know that Rafael was able to get the fat job of managing the farm because he pushed him to it. In any case, it was a gift of acquaintance.

The bureaucracy is also about interpersonal relationships. Traitors will be despised wherever they go. Even if they change jobs, it will only be after Prime Minister Terrence Bulkin is gone.

At this time, stabbing in the back is completely seeking death. With the power of Prime Minister Terrence Burkin, he is fully capable of knocking Rafael into the dust before he falls.

Things have happened, and there is no need to dwell on this issue now.

Maybe that idiot Rafael was also taken advantage of. At least Prime Minister Terrence Burgin didn't think Rafael had the guts to plan this incident.

It seems that everything is calm and the Belgians are taking the blame, but that does not mean that the matter is over.

It was the French government and the emperor who were tricked this time. How could it be possible if the relationship between the monarch and his ministers was so obviously instigated and not dealt with?

Prime Minister Terrence Bourgin has decided to get to the bottom of it. No matter who did it, he must be prepared to face the revenge of France's most powerful people, provided that it can be found out.

After calming down, Prime Minister Terrence Burgin quickly put aside these distracting thoughts. The war was about to break out and there were a lot of things waiting for him to deal with. He didn't have time to worry about so much at this time .

...

On September 24, 1890, the French government issued a circular to Belgium, ordering the Belgian government to hand over the kidnapped soldiers and the murderers who attacked the French soldiers within 48 hours, and to pay compensation of one billion francs.

Upon receiving this bad news, Leopold II, who was still celebrating the remarkable results of the joint blockade, was dumbfounded.

Don't wait to play like this. According to usual practice, after the French encountered a blockade, they should first have a verbal spat with the anti-French alliance, and then negotiate. If they really couldn't reach an agreement, they would go to war.

Unexpectedly, the French made excuses for war as soon as they came up, issued a war directive, and did not follow the routine at all.

It was enough for the French to make excuses to provoke war. The problem was that they did not fight Germany and Austria, but chose Belgium as the rafter. Leopold II felt really bitter.

You know, in order to avoid this war, the Belgian government has made a lot of efforts, including active diplomatic mediation.

They originally placed their hopes on British-Austrian mediation, but the British boss was unreliable and sold them. Austria was just watching the excitement and did not take it too seriously. After intervening in the mediation, not only did it not find a way to alleviate the conflict, but it further pushed the French into a corner.

Even when he was forced to join the anti-French alliance, Leopold II began to work hard to reduce his presence, and pushed all the limelight to Germany and Austria.

It's a pity that what is supposed to come will come. Belgium's geographical location determines the nature of their beatings, and there is no way to escape them.

After regaining consciousness, Leopold II asked: "What did the German and Austrian ministers say?" Concession was impossible, not to mention the huge compensation, the murderers and missing soldiers did not exist at all, the Belgian government I can't hand it over.

Foreign Minister Jules replied bitterly: "The German minister did not give a clear answer and we have to wait for the domestic decision. The Austrian minister said that no matter what decision we make, we will support it, including going to war with France." War is easier said than done. When the fight breaks out, Belgium is the biggest victim.

Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge knows that unless the anti-French alliance takes the initiative, Belgium will be the main battlefield where the alliance and the French army fight.

It was impossible to take the initiative. The anti-French alliance, including Belgium, was not ready for war.

The Austrian army is still in the country, and even if it arrives at the fastest speed, it will only be half a month later.

In fact, if the Austrian army can enter the battlefield within a month, it is considered to be at full strength.

Perhaps it only takes two days for ordinary people to take a train from Vienna to Brussels, but the military operations are different.

It takes time to assemble troops, time to mobilize, and time to transport equipment and logistics supplies.

The transportation capacity of railways is not unlimited. Ordinary trains can transport at most one battalion of troops at a time. After adding weapons, equipment, and logistics supplies, many times a company of troops cannot be transported.

Belgium does not have the ability to solve the logistical problems of reinforcements on its own, and the Austrian army must carry it itself.

Because the track standards are different, multiple transfers are required along the way. Every transfer requires moving and unloading materials, which wastes a lot of time along the way.

The most optimistic estimate is that it will take four or five days to arrive in Belgium from Austria.

Coupled with the preparation time in the early stage and the rest time after arrival, it will take ten days at the earliest before they can enter the battle.

It may not seem like much time, but the problem is that the reinforcements are not one or two companies, but thousands of companies.

One railroad car transports a company, and the train leaves every half an hour. The railway can only transport 48 times at most every day, which is equivalent to transporting 48 companies, which is almost the strength of two regiments.

It can't be faster. It is very difficult for cross-border railway transportation to be able to operate trains every half an hour these days.

There are only a few railways from Austria to Belgium. Taking them all into account, transporting two divisions in one day would be enough to support the sky.

In fact, it is a miracle to be able to transport one division every day.

Railway transportation cannot be carried out according to the limit. One train leaves every half an hour. With today's technology, coordination and scheduling are too difficult. If an accident occurs midway, it may be hit.

There is no guarantee that all bureaucrats will be 100% committed; nor can there be a guarantee that all train drivers will drive at a constant speed.

The time between the two trains is too short, and in the event of an emergency, it is too late to apply the brakes.

Moreover, even if a train stops, there is no guarantee that the train behind it will not rear-end it.

This is still infantry. If it is transporting artillery and armored troops, there is a question mark as to whether the carriage can accommodate the big guys.

In a sense, the Anti-French Alliance was still at a disadvantage when it came to railway transportation.

Fortunately for Germany and Austria, even if the tracks are not exactly the same, the stations are still connected together, and the distance manually transported is not far.

The railways in Belgium and Germany mostly go their own way, and there may be more than ten miles of transfer between stations, which wastes a lot of time.

Before the arrival of Austrian reinforcements, Belgium could only fight side by side with the German Federation, and the anti-French alliance was at an absolute disadvantage in the short term.

After thinking for a while, Leopold II said seriously: "The French are prepared. War is inevitable. From now on, we must prepare for war.

Send electricity to the Vienna government and tell the Austrians that we will not We are ready to give in and urge them to send troops as soon as possible.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will negotiate with the French as much as possible. We need time..." (End of Chapter)


Chapter 895 Declaration of War On

September 25, 1890, France and Belgium launched war mobilization at almost the same time. Everyone knew that this was going to be serious.

The eyes of Europe have focused on Vienna. As the leader of the anti-French alliance, the position of the Austrian government at this time will directly affect the subsequent changes in the European continent.

Franz of the Vienna Palace asked: "Has the German Federation not come out with the result yet?" The strength of Belgium alone cannot stop the French. If you want to wait until Austrian reinforcements arrive, the cooperation of North Germany is particularly important at this time.

Everyone knows the truth behind the scenes. Once the French army captures Belgium, North Germany will become a battlefield and it will be impossible to survive alone.

In this context, it was inevitable that North Germany would send troops to support Belgium. However, this is only theoretical.

A large number of people does not necessarily mean a strong force. There are too many states in the German Federation, and their core interests are different. Not everyone is willing to fight the French.

There will never be a shortage of idiots in the world, and there are also such existences within the German Federation. At this time, there are still people who fantasize about exchanging profits for peace.

If conflicts arise, then quarrel. Anyway, the existence of the Imperial Parliament is to provide a place for everyone to quarrel.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "On the issue of sending troops to reinforce Belgium, the northern German states have initially reached an agreement.

However, the parties have differences on the distribution of troops and command authority.

George I behaved very negatively and He did not rush to urge everyone to send troops, and it seems that he wanted to preserve his strength." People have selfish motives, and Franz was sure that both Germany and Belgium hoped that France and Austria would both suffer losses, or even die together, in order to gain the greatest benefits.

It is not surprising that George I was passive and sabotaged. Anyway, the battlefield was far away from Hanover. Even if the front line failed, Belgium and Baden would be the first to suffer.

After all the western territories have fallen, Austrian reinforcements will arrive, so just wave the flag and shout.

In the Austro-Prussian War of the original time and space, Austria was trapped by a group of passive allies and had to face an enemy with twice the strength.

Franz frowned and hesitated. Frankly speaking, he had no intention of betraying his teammates before this. After all, the strength of both countries was limited and there was no need to deliberately weaken them.

But the scene that happened before him forced him to consider killing someone with a borrowed knife.

A German region that suffered heavy losses seems to be more conducive to stability after reunification and reduce unnecessary troubles.

"The original emergency mobilization plan is canceled. Just mobilize at normal intensity. Troops will be sent to reinforce the Bede front line in a week.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs must do a good job of coordination and communication and must obtain the dispatching rights for the railways along the way. By the way, tell the Belgians that the reinforcements will be Arrive within a month.

As for George I, ignore him for the time being. Once the war breaks out, they will not be able to escape at all." Franz still had integrity, and the dispatch of troops was only delayed by a week, fully worthy of being called an ally.

No one can accuse Austria of cheating its allies. Preparations must be made for the labor expedition, and a week is really not that long.

In fact, the Austrian army did not go to Belgium by train this time, but walked there on two legs.

There is no way. The railway transportation capacity is limited and there are many countries involved, so it cannot be efficient at all.

The precious transportation capacity can only be used to transport logistics supplies and weapons and equipment. As for ordinary soldiers, they still have to walk through.

They marched more than 1,000 kilometers in more than 20 days. Even if they were traveling lightly, this speed could be achieved on the European continent.

...

There is no unnecessary explanation. The Vienna government has made its position clear with practical actions. The continuously armed troops are the most powerful response.

This has made the Tsarist government anxious. It is about to start a war between France and Austria. Without the financial backer and the logistics team leader, how can the next war be fought?

There is nothing to say, mediation is necessary!

Alexander III of St. Petersburg angrily reprimanded: "What does the Ministry of Foreign Affairs do?

Let you delay the outbreak of the European War. How long has it passed before the situation became uncontrollable..." From the moment he entered the room, Oscar Xi Menez lowered his head and tried to reduce his presence as much as possible, but he still didn't hide away.

There is no way. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs made a mistake in judgment. It was originally thought that the French would launch a war only after they completed their war preparations.

It's a pity that the plan did not change quickly. The French are not stupid. They are preparing for war, and the enemy is also preparing for war.

When they are ready, the enemy is also ready. The scale of the war at that time will not be tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands, but millions of troops fighting in a decisive battle.

Even if you win such a war, your vitality will be severely damaged, and it will only benefit the fishermen on the sidelines. It is completely worth the loss.

Otherwise, Napoleon IV would not have chosen to make use of the topic even though he knew someone was planning it.

After Alexander III finished venting, Oscar Jimenez tentatively explained: "Your Majesty, the European continental war has been brought forward mainly because the French economy cannot sustain it. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has made emergency preparations, and we have signed a contract with Austria. Even if a continental war breaks out, our supply of strategic materials will be guaranteed.

With the industrial strength of the three anti-French alliance countries, there is no problem in supporting multi-front operations. A continental war will not affect the Afghan battlefield." From a purely industrial strength perspective, the Anti-French Alliance has an absolute advantage. The combined industrial strength of Germany and Germany is already very close to France.

In this context, Austria only needs to ensure the logistics supply of its own army. The logistics of the armies of Belgium and Germany can be handled by themselves.

Even if there is a gap, it is only for industrial raw materials and food. The French do not have the strength to blockade the anti-French alliance, and Russia and Austria can provide these supplies.

From an industrial scale perspective, Austria has no problem supporting three to five million troops in combat, but it certainly won't be able to use that many troops on the front line.

Then Austria will have some spare capacity in logistics and promise to guarantee the export of materials to Russia, which is completely feasible in theory.

Alexander III sneered: "It does not affect it, but as a price, we must unconditionally support Austria in this war.

If the anti-French alliance loses on the battlefield, we will send troops to help them fight. Otherwise, Austria will be defeated. , we will also be defeated.

By the way, I remember some time ago, some fool packaged up and sold all the grain exports this year to Austria.

We were tied to the chariot by Franz a long time ago, and now we are just The binding is even more deadly.

From now on, everyone prays that the Austrians will be more effective, otherwise the Russian Empire will also suffer. At the same time, we also pray that the Austrians will not be too capable, and they will be defeated in just three or five. French, then we will have to give up the European hegemony!" Alexander III couldn't help but be angry. Before the European War started, the Russian Empire's strategic initiative was completely gone.

Unless they can immediately cut off their flesh and blood and resolutely abandon Afghanistan, they will have no choice but to go to hell with the Austrians in this European war.

The grain, which was originally a powerful weapon of the tsarist government, was sold to Austria early by the bureaucrats for profit, and now it is impossible to go back on it.

Unless the Russian Empire exports food, it will never go through the Black Sea Strait; and in the subsequent war in Afghanistan, it will not purchase logistical supplies and industrial equipment from Austria.

There's no point in getting angry, things have already happened. There is not much the tsarist government can do now except pray that France and Austria can both suffer losses.

...

Time flies, 48 ​​hours passed by, and the delay in Leopold II's fantasy could not be realized.

The French's position is very firm and they will not be given a chance to explain at all, even if there is international mediation.

On September 27, 1890, the French government officially declared war on the Belgian government on the grounds that Belgium had conspired to kill French soldiers.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 896 George I in Action

Like it or not, now that the French have declared war on Belgium, Leopold II has no choice but to follow suit.

Leopold II could not do such shameless things as not declaring war, and the Belgian people would not agree to it.

On September 28, 1890, in a panic, the Belgian government issued a telegram publicly declaring war on France.

There is no doubt that this telegram declaring war was not only for the French, but also for Austria.

It seems to be saying: Boss, the younger brothers are all here, now it's up to you.

That afternoon, Franz gave an anti-aggression speech in the Imperial Parliament, denounced France's shameless behavior, and then the representatives unanimously passed a motion to declare war on France.

The next day, Franz issued a "Message to the French People" at the Palace of Vienna, listing a bunch of consequences of the war and calling on the French people to stand up against the aggressive war launched by the government.

There is no doubt that such an advisory document has no effect at all. War has been declared, so naturally it is impossible to stop after just a few shouts from him.

Of course, if the Italians are reluctantly included in the French people, then this political show is perfect.

After the announcement, anti-war and anti-invasion movements broke out in Rome and quickly spread to many Italian cities. If the Italian independence organizations had not been too incompetent, there might have been another popular uprising.

On September 29, 1890, the French government declared war on Austria. On the same day, the French army invaded Belgium and Luxembourg, kicking off the European Continental War.

In the Hanover Palace, George I was cursing endlessly at this moment: "Damn British liars, they are all a bunch of children..." It can be seen from his expression that George I was deceived by the British.

The strength of the German Federation was not weak, and there was Austria behind it, adding the security guarantee promised by the British. George I mistakenly believed that the French's goal this time was only Belgium.

In this context, George I naturally wanted to encourage Austria to go up and hide behind to watch the show.

In order to drag Austria down, George I actively cooperated in the early stages of the establishment of the anti-French alliance.

After the continuous signing of the covenant, he thought that the overall situation was settled, and coupled with the British's constant deception, George I began to be passive and sabotage.

Anyway, the German Federation is in chaos internally, so it makes sense to move slowly, as they are not afraid of being held accountable by their allies.

Apart from showing off to save face, George I did not urge the states to expand their armies and prepare for war. When his allies urged him, they pushed it to the Imperial Parliament.

After the two countries declared war on the French, George I was still secretly celebrating the success of the plan. Who knew that the French would not even let them go to the theater.

There is no way to hide. Because of the butterfly effect, Luxembourg is still a member of the German Confederation and has not left independently.

As the "Gibraltar of the North", it is naturally impossible for the French to let go of a strategically important location like Luxembourg.

Otherwise, when the war reaches a critical moment and the German army breaks out from Luxembourg, the French will just cry.

The British guarantees proved worthless on the French side. Regardless of whether the German Federation participated in the war or not, the French army had already taken action.

Unless George I could sit back and watch Luxembourg fall, they would have decided on this war.

"Your Majesty, calm down! We will settle the matter with the British in the future. The top priority is to mobilize as soon as possible to ensure the security of the western territory.

At the same time, strengthen ties with allies, eliminate previous misunderstandings, and find ways to win this war." Prime Minister Aivar After persuading him to ignore the Prime Minister, George I asked: "What do the British say? Shouldn't they give us an explanation when something like this happened?" The central government of the German Federation led by Hanover was pro-British from top to bottom. , even the most pro-Austrian faction in the German Federation is a very small minority here.

The traditional friendship between Britain and Central has a long history. The two countries have had a common monarch for a long time. The two countries have been the closest allies for nearly a hundred years.

Now that something like this happened, the impact on George I can be imagined, and even the Prime Minister who was the leader of the pro-British faction did not like to see him.

"The British government said this was a misunderstanding. They are communicating with France. Let us stay calm first." Foreign Minister Weidelund replied anxiously. It can indeed be regarded as a misunderstanding. At least France and Germany have not declared war on each other. In theory, it is still There is a possibility of mediation.

It was impossible to remain calm. The French army was attacking the Luxembourg area. George I could remain calm, but the officers and soldiers on the front line could not remain calm.

No matter how pro-British, George I was not a fool. If the British government forcefully announces intervention, he can still wait and see, and simply saying there is a misunderstanding is fooling fools.

"What a misunderstanding. Are the French troops who went to Luxembourg going on vacation?

Tell the British that if the French troops do not withdraw from the German region within 24 hours, then let's go to war!

Order the 1st Division and 2nd Division stationed in the Rhineland. The 7th Division and the 7th Division immediately reinforced Luxembourg, ordered the 9th Division and the 11th Division to move to the Belgian area, and be ready to reinforce Belgium at any time.

Notify representatives of all states to convene the Imperial Parliament tonight. The government immediately acted in the name of the central government , issued a national mobilization order to the outside world.

If we continue to make arrangements, I will go to Berlin tomorrow. When things have reached this stage, we must win the support of Prussia.

..." At the critical moment, George I still showed the qualities that a monarch should have, A series of orders were issued in an orderly manner.

Not wanting to go to war with the French does not mean that the German Federation has not prepared for war. The German region has been at war for hundreds of years, and all the surviving princes and kings have family backgrounds, and none of them is fuel-efficient.

The situation in Europe is tense. How could everyone be unprepared? The biggest problem of the German Federation is the difficulty of coordination, not anything else.

George I was deceived by the British, and in fact he was forced to do nothing. Because fighting with the French at this time, no matter the outcome, there is more than 99% chance of losing the throne.

If you lose the war, you will either be dethroned by the French or deposed by the people.

After winning the war, the unification of Germany and Austria was the general trend. In the German region, the Gotha dynasty simply could not compete with the Habsburg dynasty, and Hanover could not compete with Austria.

For a monarch, losing the throne is not just a loss of title, but a lifelong shame.

The British promise was a life-saving straw, and the desire deep in his heart drove George I to believe it.

Now that the lie had been exposed, George I had come to his senses. Since war is unavoidable, we must face reality.

After winning this war, he still has the capital to negotiate terms. Even if he cannot keep the throne, he can still have an honorable end.

If they lose the war, they will lose all initiative and can only rely on the support of the British to maintain governance, and they may be overthrown by the people at any time.

After what had just happened, George I had lost confidence in the British and was ready to be self-reliant.

To fight the French, the importance of the Kingdom of Prussia was revealed. With its brilliant record against the Russians, the Kingdom of Prussia was the military force of the German Federation.

Despite suffering heavy losses in previous wars and being poached by Austria after the war, the Kingdom of Prussia still had considerable combat effectiveness.

"Your Majesty, in view of the current complex international situation, the British are very likely to stand with the French. I propose to suspend the payment of the British loans." Prime Minister Aivar redressed that the Moral Federation was cheated by the British. As a pro-British faction, The leader, Prime Minister Aivar, who believes in the promise of the British, must be responsible.

Not wanting to follow the ruined Prime Minister Eibar, he decisively chose to cut off from the British, and the pro-British faction turned into anti-British faction.

As for politicians, changing their faces is like turning a page in a book. This is normal operation. Prime Minister Aivar does not feel any pressure.

"I'm afraid this won't work. It's true that the British government is supporting the French, but it's all secretly. On the surface, Britain is still a neutral country. If we declare a debt default at this time, it is very likely that the British will really be forced to side with the French. The situation will be even more unfavorable to us." Foreign Minister Weidelund We are in the 19th century, and defaulting on debts is not fun. Forced collection is a common thing. The only European country that is really successful in defaulting on debts these days is the Russians.

Facing the British creditors, the German Federation obviously did not have the strength to default on its debts. If they really break up, they themselves will be the unlucky ones.

After hesitating for a moment, King George I gritted his teeth and said: "On the grounds of financial constraints due to the outbreak of the war, send electricity to the British and tell them that we want to postpone the payment of the loan.

This time they have tricked us. If nothing else happens, London will The government will give us some comfort.

Now that the debt payment is postponed, the British will not make a big move. Remember to be more sincere in your tone, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs should try to appease the British.

When necessary, commitments can be made to the British, as long as France We will resume payments as soon as they withdraw their troops." George I was forced to rely on the British. The German Confederation had money, but the local states had money, and the central government had always been extremely poor.

Taxes could not be collected, and the central government of the German Federal Government could not even pay the salaries of its staff. In many cases, it had to be advanced by Hanover's finance.

War is a gold-swallowing beast, and the central government will definitely not be able to spend the huge amount of war funds.

It is another protracted wrangling for all governments to take responsibility. At this juncture, it is better to postpone the payment of British debts than to go bankrupt.

By the way, you can also warn the British not to go too far, otherwise the German Federation will be finished and their debt will be finished.

It is a pity that George I lacked confidence and the warning was blown away.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 897 Southern Front

The city of Milan has been transformed into a military fortress at this moment, and the prosperity has dispersed, leaving only the warriors and horses.

Since the outbreak of the European Continental War, the Kingdom of Lombardy has become the front line of the confrontation between France and Austria. After the outbreak of the war, Prince Lutebod, the regent, immediately issued a national mobilization order.

Entering the mid-to-late 19th century, the Wittelsbach family seemed to be cursed, and various misfortunes followed one after another.

First, Maximilian II reacted too slowly, got on the wrong side of the international political struggle, and relied on political marriages to barely retain the throne.

However, as the price of failure, the Wittelsbach family still paid a heavy price. They lost their long-term business in Bavaria and came to Lombardy to rebuild their business.

Just after he had gained a foothold, the successor King Ludwig II suffered from mental illness again. He finally sent Ludwig II away, and the successor King Otto I was also a mental patient.

Not to mention prestige, the Wittelsbach family has become a laughing stock. The outside world ridiculed them as the "psychotic royal family", and some unscrupulous people even bet that the next king of the Wittelsbach family will still be mentally ill.

Not only the family is unlucky, but the Greek family is also having a hard time. The same guy named Otto not only died, but was also overthrown from power.

Had it not been for the intervention of the Vienna government, the Wittelsbach family's rule in Greece would have collapsed.

The good days were just a few days away, and now it was time for the European War. The Kingdom of Lombardy became the front line, which was another major challenge to the rule of the Wittelsbach family.

The regent, Prince Lutburd, has been very worried recently, fearing that something might happen on the front line and the Wittelsbach family would go into exile again.

According to the laws of the New Shinra Empire, the king and emperor have the power to command the army at the same time, so he, the regent, has nothing to do with it.

The Lombard king was mentally ill and unable to perform his duties, and command of the army fell into the hands of the emperor.

It is easy to give up power, but difficult to get it back. Given the situation in the Lombard Kingdom, if you want to get back the command of the army, you have to wait for the next generation of kings.

Against this background, Prince Rutbord could not help but be in a hurry. If the Vienna government is trying to take advantage of the Lombard Kingdom and just kill someone with a borrowed knife, it will be the end of the world.

"Your Highness, Admiral Morquez has arrived in the drawing room." The attendant's voice pulled Prince Lutburd out of his thoughts.

"Okay, I'll be there right away!" After adjusting his clothes and looking in the mirror to make sure that he wouldn't be rude, Prince Lutebird strode out.

In the past, not to mention generals, even the marshal of the empire and the prime minister of the cabinet, Prince Lutbird could ignore them.

The laws of the empire stipulate that the Kingdom of Lombardy has a high degree of autonomy. No matter how powerful these people are, there is no way to reach out to the Kingdom of Lombardy.

But not now. Admiral Morquez is the commander of the Italian theater, and the Kingdom of Lombardy happens to be in his defense zone.

From an overall perspective, as long as victory can be won, the Vienna government will not feel bad even if the Lombard Kingdom is reduced to ruins.

As a frontline commander, the most important thing is to win. The rest were all minor problems, especially since the enemy this time was the French, and everyone was mentally prepared to pay a heavy price.

Others can think this way, but not Prince Lutebird. Destroying any city in the Lombard Kingdom would be a disaster for the Wittelsbach family.

This will make their already unstable rule even more precarious. From the standpoint of the Wittelsbach family, it is best to keep the enemy at bay.

...

After the greetings, Admiral Morquez got straight to the point: "Your Highness, I am here to seek help.

In order to ensure the logistics supply of the frontline troops, I hope that you can provide 350,000 laborers and requisition Lombardy." All railways." They only asked for labor, not soldiers, because the army was not under the control of the local government, even the reserve force.

Upon hearing these two requests, Prince Lutbod frowned: "General, your request is too high. The Lombard Kingdom has a population of less than four million, and currently there are 200,000 people serving in the army. The loss of 350,000 laborers has almost wiped out all our young people.

Especially since you have to requisition all the railways, domestic production and life will be disrupted. I'm afraid..." In the war years, the border The people in the area are miserable!

When the battle starts, the border areas are the first to be mobilized and have to bear the heaviest military service and labor. When the enemy attacks, the border areas are also the first to suffer.

Admiral Morkes understood Prince Lutburd's dilemma very well, and he would not be willing to do this if possible.

However, soldiers are expensive and fast. Recruiting laborers from the Kingdom of Lombardy is the fastest, and requisitioning railways is necessary.

"Your Highness, I am very aware of your concerns. The empire will compensate the people of the Kingdom of Lombardy for their contributions.

I will truthfully report the situation here and the specific compensation measures. You can discuss it with the cabinet yourself.

Requisition of railways There is no need to discuss. Not only railways, but also roads must give priority to satisfying the military. If there is sufficient transportation capacity, we can open it to civilian use.

In addition, I hope you can expropriate some vehicles from civilians, such as trucks, horse-drawn carriages, and ox carts. , donkey carts...We will accept everyone who comes." Before the war breaks out, you will never know how lacking your preparations are.

Austria was the most prepared, but as soon as the war broke out, it was discovered that this was not the case.

The preparations are indeed sufficient, but there are so many soldiers on the front line that they can't stand it!

Franz does not believe that war with the French requires national mobilization. The problem is that others do not see it that way!

After repeated persuasion from everyone, Franz decisively gave in. It is better to have more people than less people. Although it consumes a little more, the chance of winning is also improved.

In order to defeat the French, the Vienna government became ruthless, and the cabinet planned to mobilize five million troops.

There are 1.5 million troops assigned to the southern front alone. The original preparations are not enough at this time.

There is no doubt that this 1.5 million is just a number on paper, or a theoretical value. Currently, there are only more than 300,000 troops on the front line of the Lombard Kingdom.

No one knows when the follow-up troops will arrive. Everything must be based on the actual situation on the front line, and no one knows more or less.

Admiral Morquez just started preparations in advance to avoid the frontline launching an attack and the embarrassing situation of logistics being unable to keep up.

After hearing Admiral Morquez's explanation, Prince Lutebod's expression softened slightly. It would be nice if the central government provided compensation. What he feared most was that the Kingdom of Lombardy should bear the losses.

"I remember that after the reform of the imperial army, it has been equipped with trucks and motorcycles on a large scale, and its logistics has been semi-mechanized.

Now that so many vehicles need to be requisitioned, is the general ready to take the initiative?" Admiral Morquez said with a smile: "Your Highness the Prince The news is not very accurate! Mechanization is just a concept proposed by the military. It is the trend of military development in the future, but it is not now.

Now we only have a small number of troops that can achieve semi-mechanization. If we want to fully realize semi-mechanization, it will take ten years. It is difficult to do it all within the country.

However, the logistics force is indeed equipped with a large number of trucks and is at the forefront of the mechanization road. It is just that after the expansion of the army, it is not enough.

Considering the complex terrain and poor traffic in Italy, we must Have a variety of means of transportation to avoid when the time comes..." After getting the answer he wanted, Prince Lutbird breathed a sigh of relief. Then I got a headache again, and cooperation was a must.

France came over, and the Kingdom of Lombardy was the biggest victim. No matter how excessive the military's request is, he will agree as long as it can keep the French out of the country.

The problem is that cooperation is difficult to do. Not to mention arguing with the central government for compensation, just the expropriation of roads and vehicles is enough to worry him.

...

Everything requires comparison. If he knew the difficulties faced by the French on the opposite side, Prince Lutebod would not have a headache.

In the French army headquarters in Turin, Marshal Adrian was looking at the map and worrying. According to the plan, he should have launched an attack on the Kingdom of Lombardy long ago.

Unexpectedly, the Italians made a mistake, and anti-war movements broke out in many cities, including Turin, delaying the army's action.

They didn't make a fuss sooner or later, but they waited until the war broke out before they started to protest against the war. If there was no one to control this, Adrian wouldn't believe anything he said.

You must know that before this, the Italian people still held the banner of supporting the emperor and asked the government to declare war on the three countries of Bideo.

Now that the matter has come to this, Adrien can only think of ways to deal with the aftermath. He couldn't even report to the country.

Because if the lid is lifted, many people will be unlucky. If he offends too many people, he, the marshal, will no longer be able to survive.

"Did you catch the mouse?" Rats are synonymous with Italian independent organizations. Since France annexed Italian regions, bureaucrats have had an additional activity of catching rats.

"Marshal, you know that these rats are too timid and don't show up at all..." (End of Chapter)


Chapter 898 Thrilling Return

"Idiot! Don't you know how to deal with mice?" Looking at his men who were still confused, Marshal Adrian explained helplessly: "To catch mice, use cats. Such a simple question, Don't you think?

If the enemy doesn't show up, try to lure them out. Find a few local snakes and let them catch the rebels.

I will use threats and inducements. Not everyone is a tough guy. As long as I catch one, I can lead him. Get out of a nest." Coercion and induction are not a new method. France had already used it when it annexed the Italian region, and the effect was quite good.

Only as time went by, the situation gradually changed. The life of a domesticated cat is too comfortable, and even its ability to catch mice has deteriorated.

The middle-aged officer was confused: "But Marshal, we have no right to interfere in local affairs. Interfering rashly may cause dissatisfaction with the local government." If a country wants to be stable, the separation of military and political affairs is an indispensable part. There is no doubt that France is a country where military and political affairs are separated.

The military can arrest members of Italian independent organizations who disrupt logistics transportation, but it is a political taboo to win over powerful local factions.

After hesitating for a moment, Adrian nodded. To be able to get to his current position, Adrian is no political novice.

There are many unobtrusive unspoken rules in the officialdom that cannot be violated. Even if he is a high-ranking French marshal, he cannot make exceptions.

"Send a message to the cabinet to explain the situation and ask them to find ways to coordinate the local government and cooperate with us in wiping out the Italian rebels who are colluding with Austria." Adrian was well aware of the shitty nature of French bureaucrats. Those who hold high positions are those who believe in "doing less is worse than doing more".

If there is no central government intervention and the military directly negotiates with the local government, the final result will definitely be nothing.

No matter how important the overall situation is, it is not as important as the hat on everyone's head. As long as nothing major happens, the local government will never admit that there is a chaotic party in its jurisdiction.

...The outbreak of the European War in London should be great news for the Italian revolutionary organization, but Vittorio Emanuele III is not happy now.

Since the outbreak of the war, the British have significantly increased the police presence around them. Even when traveling, there are people tracking and protecting them 24 hours a day.

There is no doubt that as a favorable pawn for Britain to intervene in Italy, Vittorio Emanuele III was placed under house arrest.

Although personal freedom is not restricted, it is limited to activities in the British Isles, and it is simply impossible to go abroad.

There is no free lunch in the world. The British took in the Italian independent organizations and contributed money and efforts, so they naturally had to play their role.

In this regard, Vittorio Emanuele III is still open-minded. It's nothing more than a matter of interests. As long as we can support his restoration of the country, the rest of the things are easy to discuss.

"Finn, how is the communication with the British going? Are they willing to support our restoration now?" The British's foreign policy is fickle, and their support for Italian independence organizations also changes frequently.

Whenever the relationship between Britain and France is at its worst, independent organizations can receive large sums of funding. On the contrary, it is the time when independent organizations have the most difficult life.

Logically speaking, now that Britain and France are allies, the Italian independent organization should have a difficult time.

But there are always exceptions, and the London government is still counting on France and Austria to suffer losses. The British will not let Vittorio Emanuele III leave until the situation is clear.

After all, his political value is high. If the French win the war, the Italian Independence Organization will be a powerful tool to check and balance the French.

If Austria wins the war, they can also support the Italian independence organization to unify the Italian region and cause trouble for Austria.

No matter what happens in the future, the British cannot let the chess piece Vittorio Emanuele III escape their control.

"Your Majesty, the British have rejected our proposal on the grounds that the situation is unclear." It can be seen from the desperate expression on Finn's face that the situation is more serious than what he said.

The Italian Independence Organization now has the support of Austria. If the British simply do not support it, it will not make Finn despair.

After sighing, Vittorio Emanuele III said helplessly: "I should have thought of it a long time ago. There have been so many guards outside recently, obviously to keep an eye on us. It seems that the British The second time is to support the French, and I am worried that if we go back and join forces with the Austrians now, the French will lose the war." Vittorio Emanuele III now regrets not only regrets. Prior to this, the Austrian minister had invited him to Milan many times to direct the Italian independence movement at close range.

In order not to become a puppet of the Austrians, Vittorio Emanuele III decisively chose to refuse.

I can't escape the first grade of junior high school, but I can't escape the fifteenth grade. They escaped the risk of becoming a puppet of the Austrians, but ushered in the darker British.

While Austria's puppet was only temporary, after the war Vittorio Emanuele III still had a chance to return to his country, which was barely considered a deal.

It would be different if he stayed in London and watched the situation develop. Not only would he be unable to lead the independence movement in Italy, but even the chance of restoration would be buried.

Even if the French were defeated and the Italian region regained its independence, it had nothing to do with Vittorio Emanuele III.

The Vienna government could not be so kind and hand over the fruits of its hard work to others. Vittorio Emanuele III was not the only one in the Kingdom of Sardinia who was qualified to inherit the throne.

Prime Minister Leonid said categorically: "No matter what, we must leave London as soon as possible and go back to preside over the independence movement.

The more the British don't want us to return, the more it shows that the French are at a disadvantage on the battlefield, and they are worried about our return. It became the straw that broke the camel's back.

Now is the closest opportunity we have to the restoration of our country. If we miss this opportunity, it will be difficult to restore our country in the future." The European balancing policy is a trick of the British, and it has nothing to do with everyone. It doesn't matter at all, even if we have to consider it, it will be a problem after the restoration of the country is successful.

As long as the country can be restored, Prime Minister Leonid doesn't care who is the boss. Anyway, no matter who becomes the overlord, Britain, France, Russia and Austria, it is impossible for the Kingdom of Sardinia to become the overlord.

Vittorio Emanuele III nodded: "The Prime Minister is right, we must find a way to leave, and we must not miss this opportunity.

It's just that the British are keeping a close eye on us, and we can't leave at all." If you can't get to the British Isles, you won't be able to cross the border illegally." In order to restore the country, everyone present was a social activist and often attended various banquets.

The British police officers on duty outside could probably name each of them clearly, and it was simply unrealistic to leave.

As if he thought of something, Foreign Minister Finn showed a smile on his face, and then quickly disappeared.

After hesitating again and again, he said: "If everyone leaves together, it will definitely not be hidden from the eyes and ears of the British.

If you only send one or two people away, there is still hope, but you will only bear some risks.

If the British find out, even It's possible..." Before Fein could finish his words, Vittorio Emanuele III interrupted: "Anything you do requires taking risks, and our ongoing restoration movement itself is the highest risk. .

Tell me your plan, Finn. As long as it can revive Italy, I am willing to take any risks." It is not that Vittorio Emanuele III has a fearless spirit, but under the European political system, as a king There is almost no need to worry about safety. Their personal safety is jointly protected by all countries.

Except for the revolutionary party in the second grade, no normal person would kill the king. Even if Vittorio Emanuele III did something disgusting to the British, the London government would not be able to kill him.

Even if it falls into the hands of the French, Vittorio Emanuele III is confident that his personal safety will be guaranteed and he will even be treated politely.

Anyway, it is not life-threatening, so Vittorio Emanuele III naturally does not mind acting bravely in front of his supporters.

Finn nodded: "My plan is to have His Majesty pretend to be sick first and reduce contact with the outside world.

The British will definitely send people over to check in the short term, but they cannot be on guard 24 hours a day. This kind of vigilance cannot last long.

After waiting for a while, the British relaxed their vigilance and the frequency of inspections dropped, and the opportunity came.

His Majesty's personal doctor is ours. Arrange for a person who looks similar to your Majesty to enter the manor pretending to be Dr. Jack's assistant. Change your identity with His Majesty.

There are many people who have met His Majesty, but those who have had close contact with His Majesty are all big shots. The guys outside just glance at him from a distance and may not be very familiar with His Majesty's facial expressions.

At night Shi and Dr. Jack left. Under the cover of darkness, we put on makeup for His Majesty, and the chance of hiding it from the guards was very high. It was rest time at night, and even if someone came to visit, we could excuse him by saying that His Majesty was not feeling well.

We can contact the Austrians first and arrange the ship reception in advance. After leaving the manor, His Majesty took a ship to leave London overnight.

Even if it was discovered by the British the next day, the ship left the port. For a while, the British could not After determining the direction of the ship, even if we want to send the navy to intercept it, we don't know how to pursue it.

To be on the safe side, we can also ask the Austrians to arrange a few more ships to sail in different directions at the same time to distract the British." Typical Li Daitaojiang does not have much technical content, but it is the best choice for Vittorio Emanuele III to get out of the cage at the moment.

It doesn't matter whether the British will be angry or not afterward. No matter how angry the British government is, it will never be able to wipe out those who remain.

There are not just one or two governments in exile in Britain these days. If they go too far, other governments in exile will also die.

Without the flag-raising of these organizations, the British would be in a passive situation internationally, and it would not be so easy to do things.

In essence, the British host these governments not only to gain an opportunity to intervene in other countries' internal affairs, but also to secretly make political deals.

To put it simply, if you are pro-British and everyone plays well, then nothing will happen; if one day you become anti-British, then they will support the restoration of the government-in-exile and attack you.

Maybe not enough for success, but definitely more than enough for bad. Especially for small countries, they had to make political and diplomatic concessions to the British because they could not withstand this kind of torment.

Vittorio Emanuele III said fiercely: "I decided to take a gamble! For the sake of great Italy, the next thing will be done away with everyone." The risk is within the controllable range. Even if it fails, the situation will be different. It won't be worse than it is now, so there is no reason for anyone to object.

...

In times of crisis, independent organizations are still very efficient. Vittorio Emanuele III fell ill that day.

In order to disgust the British, the independence organization secretly released the news that Vittorio Emanuele III was made sick by the British.

Medical technology is underdeveloped these days, and getting sick can be very fatal, and even the slightest problem can kill someone.

It was no small matter that the king was ill. Even though Vittorio Emanuele III was an exiled king, he still received the attention of the British government because of the European War.

Famous doctors in London visited Vittorio Emanuele III's estate one after another, but they could not find the cause.

Even in the newspapers, there was news that Vittorio Emanuele III spent a lot of money to seek medical treatment, as if he was about to die soon.

In the Prime Minister's residence in Downing Street, Prime Minister Gladstone, who had just finished a busy day, accidentally browsed a newspaper on the table, which happened to publish the news that Vittorio Emanuele III was seriously ill.

Prime Minister Gladstone soon frowned. At this time, the Italian Independence Organization has become a bargaining chip for Britain to intervene in the European War, and Vittorio Emanuele III is even more of a bargaining chip. Core.

Although the weight of this chip is not very large, there are not many chips for Britain to choose now, and the importance of the Italian independent organization has been highlighted.

If Vittorio Emanuele III dies, the already fragmented Italian independence organization will be completely destroyed.

This is undoubtedly a very bad result for Britain. According to the plan, Prime Minister Gladstone also wanted to wait for France and Austria to lose both countries before rewriting the European political landscape.

The most ideal result would naturally be to split France and Austria at the same time. Separate South Germany from Austria and merge with North Germany to create a small German Empire.

Let the Italian region become independent from French rule, and add Lombardy and Venetia to form an Italian Kingdom.

To do this, the importance of Italian independent organizations is self-evident. Although he has no strength, his political appeal is...

in a hurry????

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 899 Encounter

On the plywood, Captain Petra looked into the distance with a sad face, seemingly lost in thought.

After twenty years of crawling and rolling on the sea, he has never been so nervous. Even when she was robbed by pirates, Petra was not as nervous as she is now.

There was no other way. Who asked him to take a business that he shouldn't have?

In fact, Petra also knew that this business was risky. It is very dangerous to sail at night these days. Under normal circumstances, no one would ask to leave the port overnight.

But there are always surprises, and for the sake of the pound, Petra doesn't mind taking risks.

In his mind, it was nothing more than smuggling away with a few people. Petra has done similar things many times.

It's just that under normal circumstances, people sneak into Britain from outside, and it's still rare for people to sneak out.

For Petra, these are small problems. As long as the money is enough, everything is easy to negotiate.

Everything was going well until these special customers came on board, and Petra realized something was wrong.

After crawling and wallowing on the sea for so many years, Petra has seen a lot. No matter how much Vittorio Emanuele III disguises himself, his temperament cannot deceive anyone.

With many years of experience, Petra could tell at a glance that the identities of these people were extraordinary and they were definitely big shots.

The problem is that this Fulda is just an ordinary cargo ship with no comfort at all.

Unless it is a moment of crisis, no matter how desperate the big shots are, they will not choose this obviously demeaning way of traveling.

No one wants to take on this kind of business, which means big trouble. Before Captain Petra could go back on her word, she was warned.

According to the agreement, if the person is sent to the Netherlands, the commission income will be doubled; if any accident occurs on the way, the whole family will go to hell together.

It is impossible to refuse, and the whole family is being targeted. Petra can only hope that God will bless her and everything will go smoothly.

...

While Petra was deep in thought, two warships were catching up from a distance, and the distance would not exceed 20 nautical miles.

The experienced first mate reminded: "Captain, something is wrong. The two warships behind seem to be targeting us." After hearing the first mate's words, Petra went straight to the observation room without saying a word, picked up the telescope and looked at Looking behind.

Sure enough, two warships appeared on the horizon and were heading towards the Fulda.

Because of the distance, Petra could not yet tell which country's warship it was. However, the gradually shortening distance still told Petra that the visitor was evil.

"At the current speed, it will take at most six hours before the two warships will catch up.

Send the order to speed up. We must arrive in the Netherlands as soon as possible. After completing this task, all income will be increased by half." The first mate He replied cheerfully: "No problem, Mr. Captain." Everyone risked their lives to go to the sea to make a living, and what they got was money. As long as you have enough money, everything is easy to discuss.

However, Captain Petra is not so optimistic. With many years of sailing experience, he can determine that the Fulda is more than 100 nautical miles away from the nearest port in the Netherlands.

Under normal driving conditions, a warship is not much faster than a cargo ship, but the upper limit of the speed of a warship is high. If it advances at full speed, it can run up to twice the speed of a cargo ship.

Of course, steamships these days are still subject to power limitations. Although warships can run fast, once they move forward at full speed, they will inevitably undergo major repairs afterwards, and may even be scrapped.

Unless it is a very important matter, generally speaking, the navy will not be so extravagant.

...

The movement on the ship alerted Vittorio Emanuele III in the cabin.

"What's going on? Could it be that we encountered pirates?" For safety reasons, when Vittorio Emanuele III left, he arranged for multiple cargo ships to leave the port at the same time. He just chose one at random.

Theoretically, as long as there is no exposure that night. Communication was inconvenient these days. Even if the British government discovered that he was missing the next day and ordered the Royal Navy to pursue him, it would not be so fast.

Before anyone could answer, Captain Petra bursts in.

"I'm very sorry, I have bad news. I have to disturb all distinguished guests.

The situation is very critical now. Two warships are chasing us, less than 20 nautical miles away from us.

I have ordered to speed up, but Fulda The USS is just an ordinary cargo ship. Even if it has been powered and modified, it still cannot outrun a warship.

For the safety of everyone, I hope you can open your hearts and explain things clearly so that you can make a decision." I heard that the warship was chasing me . , Vittorio Emanuele III's expression changed drastically, and he sighed helplessly.

Thinking of the heavy responsibility he shouldered, Vittorio Emanuele III forced himself to calm down and said slowly: "Your Excellency, Captain, there is still a lot of cargo on the Fulda, right?" Captain Petra ordered. Nodding, the cargo ship must be carrying cargo, there is no need to doubt it.

After receiving a positive reply, Vittorio Emanuele III said: "Very good, now except for the necessary coal, all goods and sundries are thrown into the sea.

Including bed sheets, quilt covers, personal items , weapons and ammunition, food and water are only reserved for half a day, and everything possible is done to reduce the weight." Vittorio Emanuele III's understatement shocked Captain Petra, and then exclaimed: "This is impossible! I will die if I lose these goods!" It's really not an exaggeration, with Petra Terra's net worth, after losing this cargo, had no choice but to go bankrupt.

Vittorio Emanuele III smiled slightly and said calmly: "Don't worry, all losses will be borne by me, including the employer's dissatisfaction. Someone will solve it for you.

Now, what you have to do is Throw away these unnecessary things, find a way to speed up the boat, and get rid of the pursuers behind." Compensation?

Vittorio Emanuele III admitted that he was a poor man and could even be said to be the poorest royal family in Europe.

The rich family fortune left behind by our ancestors has been almost destroyed because of the desire to restore the country.

In order to maintain a decent life, Vittorio Emanuele III had already accumulated a lot of debt. The so-called reparations are nothing but empty promises.

But no matter how little money he had, he couldn't show his cowardice. In any case, let's wait until we arrive in the Netherlands. Whether we want to pay compensation or not will be discussed later!

After pondering for a moment, Captain Petra still shook his head: "It still doesn't work. Even if all the cargo on the ship is discarded, the speed will only increase by two knots at most, and we still can't outrun the warship.

Don't forget, the warship is If they have artillery, they can attack from a long distance, but the small body of the Fulda cannot withstand the torment." It doesn't matter whether it's money or not, the key is that life is important. Civilized law enforcement is not popular these days. What the Navy likes most is to use cannonballs to speak.

Vittorio Emanuele III frowned and asked with concern: "Are the warships coming to pursue British or French?" Captain Petra rolled his eyes and answered in a very exaggerated tone. Said: "It's not certain yet. But the warship we set out from London to pursue should be British.

Did you also offend the French government?

God, I am so unlucky! This kind of thing can happen to me , It's simply terrible..." Vittorio Emanuele III waved his hand: "Captain, don't be so pessimistic. If it were a British warship, they would not dare to fire.

I don't think you are here. It's a waste of time here. It's better to clear the warehouse quickly. At least we have a greater chance of escaping. Otherwise, if everyone falls into the hands of the British, I will be fine, but you will be dead. Believe me, they I will hang you." Regicide is not something ordinary people can do. Although the gold content of the throne on Vittorio Emanuele III's head is somewhat low, the king is the king.

In the European political system, regicide is a serious crime.

Vittorio Emanuele III can be sure that the British were very dissatisfied with him running away, but no matter how dissatisfied they were, they did not go to the point of regicide.

The British government cannot bear the charge of regicide, and the Royal Navy cannot bear the charge of regicide. Whoever did it is finished.

In comparison, the French are hard to say. The two sides were already enemies, and Vittorio Emanuele III had no confidence in the integrity of the Bonaparte dynasty.

Moreover, Vittorio Emanuele III ran away from London. As long as the French are thick-skinned enough, they can deny it and then blame the British.

Captain Petra's face darkened, and after a moment he said: "Okay, you win. But Your Excellency, you'd better give me a satisfactory explanation, otherwise we will break up." There is no way to compromise. . Petra has not lived enough and is not ready to seek death.

After pondering for a moment, Vittorio Emanuele III said slowly: "Don't worry, the reward afterwards will definitely satisfy you.

If you perform better, even if you are given a title, it will not be No." Noble titles are very valuable in Europe, and they are also very cheap. At least the title of the Kingdom of Sardinia is worthless now.

While in London, in order to raise funds for the restoration of the country, Vittorio Emanuele III sold his title more than once.

From princes to knights. As long as you have money, there is nothing you can't sell.

For Vittorio Emanuele III, the title was the cheapest asset and was completely worthless until the restoration was successful.

Even if the restoration of the country is successful, the gold content of the title of the Kingdom of Sardinia will be greatly reduced. After all, it is a title bought with money, don't expect the aristocratic world to recognize it.

Captain Petra is not stupid. There are many dignitaries in Britain, but those who can receive titles as rewards are actually some exiled royal families.

Thinking back to the current situation, the identity of Vittorio Emanuele III has actually been exposed.

You know, you know, but Captain Petra has a high emotional intelligence and suppresses her impulse.

This is not a good time to reveal your identity. No monarch wants to be seen at his most desolate.

"No problem, Your Excellency, I'll do it right away!" After saying that, she glanced at Vittorio Emanuele III, and Petra withdrew.

Seeking wealth through risk is common in ancient and modern times, both at home and abroad. Captain Petra has been wandering at sea for more than twenty years and has long been tired of this life.

It's just that I have no chance to transform, so I have to continue working. Now the opportunity has come. Although Vittorio Emanuele III looks very poor, he can't resist his noble birth!

Judging from the current situation, the chances of the Kingdom of Sardinia being restored are about the same as the chances of the Anti-French Alliance winning the war.

Based on past experience, Captain Petra believed that the odds of winning for both warring parties were 50-50. Going to Vittorio Emanuele III now is a huge gamble in life.

Logically speaking, Captain Petra, who is over mid-year-old, should not like gambling, but the problem is that he cannot rely on other powerful people at all!

The royal families and nobles of various European countries have a lot of retainers. Who would go to reuse a guy of unknown origin when they are full and support themselves, and they know everything about them?

Regardless of the current public opinion, which is increasingly unfavorable to the aristocratic group, it is still the aristocrats who hold the most power.

Even the most awesome capitalists are working hard to become a member of the aristocratic group, and Petra is no exception.

...

Watching boxes of merchandise being thrown into the sea, Captain Petra was bleeding deep in her heart. All she was throwing away now was money.

Although Vittorio Emanuele III promised to guarantee compensation, it is still unknown whether he can fulfill it.

After all, the king was too poor, and the subsequent restoration war would cost a huge amount of money.

Even if the restoration was successful, there would still be many years of hardship ahead.

It's okay if you don't go over there. Those who deserve money need money, and the king cannot fail to pay his debts. But if she wants to defect to the past and achieve a counterattack in life, Petra can't make things difficult for her boss.

The heartache did not last long. The warship behind suddenly accelerated, 15 nautical miles, 10 nautical miles, 5 nautical miles...

The distance between the two sides kept getting closer. The cruel reality made Captain Petra no longer care about the heartache.

The first mate said in panic: "Your Excellency, Captain, the British behind us have signaled, asking us to stop the ship for inspection, or else we will fire." That is the Royal Navy, and everyone who works at sea these days knows that it is the last person in the world to mess with. It's the British Royal Navy.

In normal times, everyone would hide whenever possible when encountering someone, and avoid close contact as much as possible.

The reason is naturally due to the Royal Navy's good reputation of being both a thief and an official. Even though this was a British ship, everyone was still worried when it encountered the Royal Navy at sea.

Especially since Captain Petra ordered all the cargo to be discarded, everyone's uneasiness became even more intense.

Petra suppressed her discomfort and said: "Reply them, this is the high seas and does not belong to British jurisdiction. They have no right to inspect." The first mate said with a trembling voice: "Can the captain do this? If they really fire, Then we are doomed.

Otherwise, we can stop the ship for inspection. Anyway, there is nothing on the ship that is worthy of them..." " They came for me, but that is not important anymore. Send a flag to tell them that they want to kill. Just fire!" The sudden sound startled the two of them, and at some point, Vittorio Emanuele III appeared behind them.

Seeing Vittorio Emanuele III reveal his identity, Captain Petra hurriedly said: "Your Majesty, why did you come out? It's not safe here, you'd better go back to the cabin!" ...

(

End of this chapter)


Chapter 900 Crisis on the Western Front

The bright sunshine reflected the blue sea, giving it a unique flavor.

On a sunny day, and with the extra money he was about to receive, Colonel Richard felt particularly happy.

With many years of experience, he discovered early on that there was something wrong with the boat in front of him, and tried to pursue it, and his true colors were revealed.

Ordinary merchant ships would stay away from the Royal Navy if they saw them on the high seas, but no matter how far away they were, they would not sell their goods into the sea just to escape.

Although the Royal Navy has a history of visiting pirates, that is all in the past, and it has restrained itself a lot in recent years.

Even if it is a robbery, it will be disguised. When flying a naval flag, the most you can do is extort a protection fee.

For those with guanxi background, Panpan guanxi can also offer discounts. As long as the money is in place, it doesn't matter if it's smuggling.

The performance of the Fulda was undoubtedly telling them that there was no three hundred taels of silver here. Such fools were rare anymore, and Colonel Richard would naturally not let them go.

The officer in charge of the semaphore said excitedly: "Colonel, we met Vittorio Emanuele III on the warship in front. He has already identified himself." In order to capture the runaway Vittorio Emanuele III Emanuele III, the London government was very ruthless, and the Royal Navy almost came out in full force.

We can't talk about arrest. After all, a king, John Bull, also has to pay attention to the international impact, so the Royal Navy's task is to invite the person back.

Colonel Richard looked happy when he heard the good news. You must know that in order to stimulate everyone's enthusiasm, the country has offered heavy rewards.

As long as you can invite Vittorio Emanuele III back, you will not only get a generous bonus, but you will also be promoted to a higher level.

Richard was already a colonel, and he would have to cross the threshold of a general. It seems that there is only a thin line between them, but in fact it is a world of difference.

There are a lot of colonels in the Royal Navy, and only one out of ten can truly cross the threshold of general. There is no way, now is the peaceful era, it is naturally difficult to be promoted without merit bonus.

"Then what are you waiting for? Let them stop the ship immediately and ask Vittorio Emanuele III to come over." Colonel Richard bit the word "please" very hard. No matter how down-and-out the king is, he is still a king and must be given enough respect.

There is no way, the relationship between the European royal families is very messy, relatives are everywhere when they go out, and the personal connections of any royal family cannot be underestimated.

The young officer's face suddenly turned ugly, and he replied with a headache: "We have already sent out an invitation, but Vittorio Emanuele III did not agree. He also warned us not to follow, otherwise anything will happen in the process. If there is an accident, we will be responsible for it." In the end, he finally reacted and the young officer decisively chose to avoid the easy matter and did not directly say the threatening words of Vittorio Emanuele III.

Colonel Richard was dumbfounded. He never expected that Vittorio Emanuele III would be so uncooperative.

It is impossible to threaten to fire. If by bad luck, Vittorio Emanuele III meets God, no one can bear this crime.

After glaring at the young officer, Colonel Richard reprimanded: "If he refuses, you won't persuade him!" That's right, it's persuasion. No matter how destitute, for most ordinary people, Vittorio Emanuele is Eli III is a big shot.

Seeing the confused look on the young officer's face, Richard continued to add: "Idiot, we can't move Vittorio Emanuele III. Can't you think of ways to coerce and lure other people on the ship?

Give the order to speed up. Put pressure on them..." ...

Facts have proved that the flag language is still not perfect, at least when it comes to expressing threats, the deterrent effect is not strong enough.

After confirming that the British did not dare to fire, everyone on the Fulda quickly recovered, and of course they were still a little excited.

Vittorio Emanuele III said that everyone would be a noble, provided that the king of Sardinia could successfully restore his country.

Anyone who makes a living at sea knows that wealth must be found in danger. Captain Petra also appropriately exaggerated the success rate, telling everyone that the French army was at a disadvantage on the battlefield.

In order to save the failure of the French, the despicable British government detained Vittorio Emanuele III.

There is nothing wrong with it, it is just a despicable and shameless British government. Even though everyone is British, there are differences between British people.

Although it is a temporarily arranged ship, it is impossible for the Austrian Embassy not to investigate. The Fulda was selected because its crew were all Irish.

If the crew were all Englishmen who had the strongest attachment to Britain, it would be a different situation now.

The distance between the two sides continued to shrink, and the atmosphere on the Fulda became tense. Vittorio Emanuele III had to personally intervene to appease people.

Suddenly, a few small black dots appeared on the horizon, and the crew at the observation platform reported: "A fleet of ships has been spotted ahead, heading in our direction." Vittorio Emanuele III breathed a sigh of relief. , and immediately said: "That's the ship that came to pick us up. Get over to it immediately." After saying that, he pretended to be calm and entered the cabin.

The middle-aged man accompanying us couldn't help but remind him: "Your Majesty, we chose our own departure route this time. Even the Austrians don't know the specific route and have not arranged a ship to pick it up!" After so many years in exile, the Italian independence organization is also full of frustration. I have been severely beaten by society and now I don't trust anyone.

Even though he was now an ally with Austria, Vittorio Emanuele III did not accept the escape route arranged by the Austrian embassy, ​​but temporarily changed his route and boarded the Fulda.

Vittorio Emanuele III said slowly: "It doesn't matter now whether there is anyone to respond, as long as someone knows that I am on the Fulda. It is now less than a hundred nautical miles away from the Netherlands. There are only two British warships chasing them. They are unable to kill everyone in a fleet.

Once they get close, tell them that there is a noble king on the Fulda. As long as the British officers pursuing behind are not stupid , they will let us go." Theoretically, the Royal Navy would not dare to kill the king. But everything is unexpected, and in this vast sea, the loss of a ship is not a big deal.

The decision of Vittorio Emanuele III to board the Fulda was completely temporary and only a limited number of people knew about it.

Moreover, these insiders are all in London. Once the British get angry and kill people to silence them, who can prove that it was the British who did it?

There may be clues left, but the problem is that someone needs to investigate, and it can't be an ordinary person.

The people on the Fulda are all temporary recruits, and their loyalty cannot stand the test at all. It was said earlier that the British did not dare to take action, but that was to boost morale.

...

On October 9, 1890, under the escort of the Royal Navy, Vittorio Emanuele III arrived in the Netherlands.

The pursuing Colonel Richard had a very bright political mind and made decisive changes at the critical moment, defining this trip as escorting Vittorio Emanuele III.

As for the unpleasantness that happened along the way, they were all minor issues. Not to mention that Vittorio Emanuele III has not been restored successfully, even if he really becomes the king of Sardinia, he cannot afford to offend the British.

He is not as strong as others, so he has to eat even if he doesn't want to eat. He even has to show that he is happy to eat to prove to the outside world that Ying Sa is friendly.

On the Western Front, after half a month of fighting, the Anti-French Alliance was already at an absolute disadvantage.

Even in the local battle, Belgium still failed to counterattack in the face of the absolute strength gap.

Austrian reinforcements are still on the way, the German Federation is slow to act, the Belgian-Luxembourg front line is already crumbling, and even the Rhineland defense line has problems.

The situation on the battlefield became increasingly severe, and Leopold II lost his former high spirits.

"The situation is becoming increasingly unfavorable to us. When will reinforcements from Germany and Austria arrive?" Frankly speaking, the performance of the Belgian army this time was still passable. Being able to resist the French attack on the battlefield for half a month with a disadvantaged force is already a success.

Foreign Minister Jules replied: "The main force of the Austrian army arrived in Baden yesterday afternoon. The leading force has already arrived in the Rhineland and is expected to enter our country in five days. The mobilization speed of the German Federation is slower. Currently, only the western states Military mobilization has been completed, and the eastern states are still in progress.

However, the troops mobilized by the western states did not arrive at the front line immediately. We have communicated with the German federal government, and they have nothing to do with these states. " Lack of unity of command is a stubborn problem of the German Federation. Without these internal problems, they would have joined the club of great powers long ago.

Leopold II asked doubtfully: "A few days ago, didn't George I say that he would go to the front line to supervise the war? Why is there no news?" War is both a risk and an opportunity. After finally ascending to the throne of emperor, George I naturally couldn't help it. Will give up easily.

In fact, George I's throne was unstable. In addition to Austria's eager eyes, the more important reason was that his personal monarchy was too low.

This is a problem left over from history. The German Federation is a product of a special period. It is an empire imposed on the German people by European countries such as Britain, France, and Russia.

An empire created by force will naturally not satisfy everyone, especially for nationalists. This empire is a shame.

Under this background, the small states below will naturally not buy into the central government's fault.

In order to weaken the authority of the central government and protect their own power, some people even deliberately promoted the theory of traitorous Hannover.

Newspapers openly stated that the crown of the Gotha dynasty was a reward from the great powers for obstructing the unification of the German region.

There was no way. Hanover had limited strength and was unable to subdue these small states. In addition, the people did not support the central government. The German Federation was in a weak position from the beginning.

In order to change this passive situation, two generations of German federal emperors have made many efforts, such as striving to develop the economy, opening up colonies, merging the Kingdom of Prussia, and a series of other measures.

The results are remarkable, but the effect can be said to be average. After all, these things cannot satisfy the appetite of nationalists.

In a sense, this anti-French war was George I's last chance. As long as you establish enough prestige during the war, you will be able to fight after the war.

"Your Majesty, the internal problems of the German Federation are too troublesome. If George I wants to gain prestige in the war, he cannot do without the support of the Kingdom of Prussia.

The problem is that after experiencing the lessons of the two Prussian-Russian wars, the Prussian government has gradually tended to be conservative. They are unwilling to continue taking risks.

Due to political changes, the Prussian government is no longer prepared to fulfill the conditions they originally agreed to.

George I is working hard to persuade the Prussian government. Judging from the current situation, there is a high probability It will fail.

The main reason is that the Austrians will not give him this opportunity. Once the Vienna government intervenes, all the efforts made by George I will be in vain." Foreign Minister Jules explained, leaving Leopold II in tears. Whether the German region is unified or not has nothing to do with Belgium.

Whether it is the integrated German Federation or the unified HRE Empire, for Belgium, it is the difference between an elephant and a baby.

You can't offend an elephant, and you can't offend a baby elephant either. Anyway, they are all doing things with their tail between their legs, and the end result is the same.

After pondering for a moment, Leopold II said fiercely: "Urge the Vienna government again and tell them that if there are no more reinforcements, we will surrender...it's over." Fortunately, Leopold II responded in time Come over, otherwise we will make a joke of threatening allies with "surrender".

...

Although the reinforcements did not arrive, the officer corps had already arrived at the front line first.

In order to win the final victory, Franz directly sent Archduke Albrecht to the Western Front.

This is also a helpless move. It is not that Austria has no generals. The key is that the Western Front battlefield requires joint command.

There is no doubt that command of the Allied forces fell into Austrian hands. Even if Belgium and Germany want to fight, they have no confidence.

It's easy to get command, but it's not easy to command a multinational coalition. If there is no one with enough weight to serve as the head coach, it will be impossible to hold the position back.

Archduke Albrecht, who had the loudest statement in the Austrian army, became the best candidate.

The formation of the coalition has not been completed, but the coalition command has been born in advance, and Archduke Albrecht has also begun to perform his duties in advance.

The situation is becoming increasingly unfavorable to the coalition forces, and the Ardennes Forest is about to be destroyed. After putting down the information in his hands, Archduke Albrecht became a little unable to sit still.

It seems that the current war has little to do with Austria. Anyway, it is not the Austrians who died. No matter how heavy the losses are, it is still the matter of the allies.

But actually, that's not the case. Both Belgium and the German Federation are important forces in the anti-France. Now that they have suffered heavy losses, the important task of counterattacking France in the future can only be resisted by Austria itself.

Especially since they still control a strategic location. Once it falls into the hands of the French army, they will have to pay a higher price if they want to take it back.

(End of chapter)

