
Chapter 941 The highest state of defaulting on debt

Facts have proved that life is still more important than money, and the richer people cherish their lives. After weighing the pros and cons, everyone still felt that the protection fee had to be paid.

Being able to own a business in an unfriendly foreign country, whether it is started from scratch or inherited from ancestors, is not a simple thing.

By grabbing Austria's tiger skin, not only can we survive the current threat, but most importantly, we can avoid taking sides in this war.

Compared with Japanese robbery, political alignment is truly fatal. After all, we live in Nanyang, where anti-Chinese movements often break out. We are robbed not once or twice, and everyone has experience in dealing with it.

Even if they were robbed by the Japanese army, they would only lose part of their apparent wealth. It's different when it comes to political alignment. Making the wrong bet can lead to death.

Without the support of a strong country, overseas Chinese are helpless. Honorino wanted to make money and political achievements, so why didn't everyone present want to find a backer?

With the precedent of Lanfang Company, Austria's reputation among Nanyang Chinese is quite good. It is hard to find another great power that uses money to do things and says it will not interfere in internal affairs.

The deal was concluded, and a diplomatic note on behalf of the Austrian government appeared in front of General Yamagata Aritomo.

If it weren't for the repeated warnings at home not to conflict with the great powers, and the navy was watching from the side, Shanxian Youpeng really didn't want to pay attention to this informal note.

Hundreds of thousands of expats have been added overnight. Such a joke is obviously trying to fool people. Unfortunately, there is no other way. The Japanese government cannot provide excuses for foreign powers to intervene now.

The Tokyo government still underestimated the political impact of attacking the Philippines. These days, the world is dominated by white people, and they are not as capable of inciting hatred as the Russians, so international public opinion naturally leans towards Spain.

Even Britain and France, which invited the Japanese army to enter Nanyang, have now changed their faces. Not only do they not recognize their quasi-ally, they have also invalidated all the conditions they negotiated before.

"Tell the Austrians and ask them to provide relevant evidence. As far as I know, there are only a few hundred Austrian expatriates in the Philippine Islands, and the people in Centraltown are all expatriates from the Far Eastern Empire. The difference in skin color is so obvious, can you still see it wrong? " It's not that Shanxian Youpeng is not generous enough, nor is it the little wealth he is trying to plunder. The key is that the plan was disrupted.

According to the original plan, after conquering Luzon Island, they would use coercion and induction to conquer the Nanyang Chinese and lay the foundation for ruling the Philippines.

"Your Excellency, Commander, it's useless. News came from inside sources. Just last night, the Filipino Chinese leader Chen Taoyue reached an agreement with the Austrian Foreign Affairs Officer Honorino in the Philippines, paying 350,000 Aegis in exchange for Austria's security. Protection, the two parties have signed a treaty.

I have dealt with Honorino, and he is a vampire. He wants to disturb three parties for no reason, which is very difficult to deal with. It is simply impossible for him to give up the benefits he has obtained." The person who spoke It was Kazuo Yamamoto, an intelligence officer sent by the Japanese government to the Philippines. He personally presided over the internal and external cooperation in the attack and defense of Luzon Island.

Shanxian Youpeng frowned, his eyes filled with murderous intent. If possible, he wouldn't mind sending someone to kill him and silence him.

It's a pity that this can only be thought about. There are too many people who know about it, and the risk of killing people and silencing them is very high.

Besides, talking about evidence is not popular these days. For the great powers, suspicion is enough, no matter what the evidence is or not.

As a senior member of the Japanese government, Yamagata Aritomo also pays attention to the international situation.

Judging from the current situation, the Anti-French Alliance has a very good chance of winning, and no matter what happens, it can result in a lose-lose outcome for both parties.

No matter what the outcome is, the Anti-French Alliance is an important force in the European world. In this context, it is undoubtedly unwise to offend the boss of the Anti-French Alliance.

After pausing for a while, Yamagata Aritomo said helplessly: "Well, they can't escape even if they are on the island anyway. We order the troops not to enter Centraltown for the time being.

Yamamoto-kun, your next task is very important. We must win over the local people as soon as possible. The powerful faction formed a colonial government to deal with the subsequent Spanish counterattack." Having just regained national sovereignty, the Japanese in these years were still unable to become strong, especially when facing European powers, they had no confidence at all.

...

St. Petersburg, Alexander III was very confused. I don't know when the voice of the domestic war began to rise again.

There is no doubt that the Anglo-Russian war has just ended, and Central Asia is still in a mess. It will definitely not be against the British; Russia and Austria are traditional allies, and the warring parties will not be tempted to attack their own people.

Apart from these two big bosses, the only one left who is qualified to keep pace with Russia is the French. The main war faction's target this time is the French.

The reason is very simple: to disrupt France, crush the Anglo-French alliance, break an arm of the British, and prepare for the capture of India in the future.

It's definitely a bit far-fetched, but it still makes sense. According to the logic of the main war faction, as long as the French fall, the British will fight against the Russian-Austrian alliance alone in the future, and the two-on-one situation will be settled.

Stable is stable, the problem is that Ying-ao has to follow the script. It would be embarrassing if France was defeated and Britain and Austria ceased their efforts.

The problem was that Austria had a good reputation, but the interests involved this time were too great. Alexander III expressed deep doubts about whether the Vienna government could fulfill its contract.

Suspicion alone is not enough. In recent years, the Russian Empire has won the Russo-Prussian War and the Central Asian War, and the domestic morale of the people has been restored.

Apart from the fact that the government's pockets are not deep enough, the awesome Russian Empire is back.

Strength is courage. Although the Central Asian war finally ended in Afghanistan, the ambition to peek into India has already arisen.

The ability of high-level government officials to see hidden crises does not mean that ordinary people can also see the crises. Otherwise, I wouldn't have lit a firecracker to make such a big noise.

"The voice of domestic war is rising. Do you think it is appropriate to declare war on the French now?" Alexander III asked.

The people clamored fiercely, but the tsarist government behaved extremely calmly. Everyone knows that Austria is behind the rising calls for war, but the voices of the people cannot be deceived. If it were not for the subjective tendencies of the people, Austria's pushers alone would not be able to create such a big momentum.

This judgment is not wrong in the first place, but if someone conducts long-term public opinion guidance and brainwashing, it is not necessarily true.

Of course, the Tsarist government cannot be blamed for this. For a long time, the relationship between Russia and Britain and France has not been good. Domestic media promote the dark history of Britain and France, which is politically correct.

Since it is politically correct, it doesn't matter if some private goods are caught in it. After all, newspapers and magazines also need to attract attention!

It doesn't matter if it happens once or twice. Over the course of ten or twenty years, quantitative changes will lead to qualitative changes. Coupled with the just-ended Anglo-Russian War, the public's hatred towards Britain and France became even more serious.

Journalists also have to eat. Since the public hates Britain and France, they naturally have to satisfy the needs of readers.

Against this background, Austria continued to spend money to add fuel to the flames, which soon detonated public opinion, and calls for declaring war on France suddenly rose.

In a popular country, public opinion can influence and even dominate government decision-making, but in the conservative Russian Empire, it is the tsarist government that can really make decisions.

Army Minister Ivanov: "Your Majesty, judging from the current situation on the European battlefield, the anti-French alliance has reversed the situation and has a very high possibility of winning the war.

If we join in again, it will be a matter of time before the French are defeated. Even if Even if the British end it personally, they will be unable to recover." There's nothing wrong with it, we can definitely win a war with the French now militarily. Even if the French suddenly cheat and pull in all the neutral countries, they still won't be able to turn the tables.

Although the main battle was not explicitly stated, everyone could still tell from Marshal Ivanov's expression that the military was eager for war.

It makes sense when you think about it. This kind of war that beats a drowned dog is the most suitable for gaining military merit. Naturally, it is impossible for the military to refuse.

Foreign Secretary Oscar Jimenez analyzed: "The Marshal is right. There is almost no military risk in joining the Anti-French Alliance now. However, we must also consider the political impact.

Our joining will allow the Anti-French Alliance to easily win the war. The situation on the European continent will undergo a fundamental reversal after the war.

According to information collected by the embassy in the German Federation, Austria has reached agreements with a number of states to restore the Holy Roman Empire after the war.

Legally speaking, this is Austria's internal affairs. As allies, we cannot directly oppose it.

If we do not intervene, a giant that spans Asia, Europe, and Africa will emerge, an empire that is not inferior to the ancient Roman Empire in history.

There is no doubt that, With this giant, the battle for European hegemony has naturally come to an end. For a long time to come, our European continent can only play a supporting role." European hegemony is the goal that the Russian Empire has struggled for hundreds of years. Unfortunately, every time All ended in failure. No one wants to give up now if possible.

Finance Minister Alisher: "It is indeed not in our interests for Austria to grow bigger, but now it is too late to find ways to contain it. From the fall of Egypt, the French are doomed to fail.

Whether we join or not, the final outcome will not be the same." Change. In this case, why don't we give priority to the interests of the empire?

Going to war with France does not mean that we will send troops immediately. We can find excuses to delay the time, consume the strength of the Austrians first, and wait until the last moment to send troops to share the fruits of victory. .

Although we don't know how much profit we will get in the end, we don't have to pay back the money we owe the French. This profit alone is worth declaring war on France.” No matter what the international situation or the balance of the European continent, it is not as good as everything. The benefits are real and real. The Tsarist government is really poor now, and every money it can save is worth it.

Just a nominal declaration of war could wipe out billions of francs in debt, and Alexander III really couldn't find a reason to refuse.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 942 Giving Too Much

Austria is taking action, and the British are not idle either. In order to win over the Russians, British Foreign Secretary George personally visited St. Petersburg.

The most obvious symbol of the industrial age is speed. In the Middle Ages, it usually took more than half a month to get from London to St. Petersburg, but now it only takes four or five days.

The rapid advancement of navigation technology has brought the human world closer together. Everything has two sides. As connections become closer, international disputes also increase.

Stepping off the plywood and looking at the sparse welcoming crowd ahead, George's anger had already risen.

It's so perfunctory. As Britain's foreign minister, he is always the most distinguished guest wherever he goes. I didn't expect the Russians to be so disrespectful.

Not to mention members of the royal family, not even the top brass of the tsarist government came. Only a few low-level officials were sent over, and the identities of the two parties were completely unequal, which can be said to be very rude .

Of course, this is the British view. In the eyes of the Russians, this treatment is already very honorable.

The Anglo-Russian War had just ended, and the hatred between the two countries was at its peak. At this time, the government is selling good things to the British. What do the people at home think?

Politicians are smart people who know what is best for them. For a thankless task like receiving the British, everyone naturally pushed it down step by step until it was no longer possible.

The big shots were gone, and there was no welcome crowd. The reputation of a fighting nation is not in vain. It would be embarrassing if a few passionate young people got in and rushed to fight the British.

This kind of thing has happened before. If you look at the history books, you will find that the number of Russian diplomats who received box lunches due to duels exceeded double digits, including the famous poet Pushkin.

Be angry, but things still have to be done. The current international situation is very unfavorable to Britain. A world hegemon who cannot handle it well will have to replace it.

Since the status of the receptionists was not equal, George naturally would not waste time on them. After disembarking, I went straight to the embassy and refused even the welcome banquet.

...

"What's going on? Why are the Russians so cold?" George asked seriously. Since it is an official visit, the foreign ministries of the two countries must have communicated before this. To be fair, this kind of thing that has been negotiated in advance must be acceptable no matter what.

Minister Richard Trulli explained: "The situation is very bad. Just a month ago, the Austrians suddenly took action and set off an anti-French wave in St. Petersburg. The anti-French sentiment among the Russian people was already very strong, and the pro-Austrian faction was there again. The tsarist government took a dominant position in the government, and the people's anti-French movement soon broke out. By the time we reacted and prepared to take measures, everything was too late.

The influence of public opinion, coupled with the advocacy of the pro-Austrian faction, the political stance of the Tsarist government may have changed." This was not his responsibility, because Britain once evacuated its embassy in Russia because of the Anglo-Russian war. Minister Richard Trully has actually only been in office for more than a month.

Being able to straighten out your daily work in such a short amount of time is already considered smart and capable. It would be too difficult to disrupt Austria's actions.

George waved his hand and said very considerately: "Forget it, this is not your responsibility. The French people involved have not found out, let alone us?" As the British Foreign Minister, George still knows the political factions within the tsarist government very well. At present, or in recent decades, pro-Austrian factions have always held power.

This is determined by interests. As the Russian-Austrian trade continues to deepen, more and more people are tied to this interest chain.

Not only were there many pro-Austrian factions in the Tsarist government, but there were also many pro-Russian officials in the Vienna government. This cannot be changed by individual will.

Of course, political orientation does not necessarily equal political stance. In essence, everyone is still oriented towards their own country.

Generally speaking, this tendency can only work if it does not harm one's own interests.

Even so, Britain had no way to undermine Austria's public opinion momentum. After all, the Anglo-Russian War had just ended, and the pro-British faction in the Tsarist government simply did not dare to show up.

Without the cooperation of local snakes, Britain would not be able to do it on its own! If the British minister really stands up to speak for the French, it is estimated that the original anti-war faction will become a pro-war faction.

However, George did not take the change in the tsarist government's position seriously. Between countries, only interests can last forever.

In George's view, it is the common interest of Britain and Russia to prevent Austria from dominating Europe. The indifference shown by the tsarist government was merely an attempt to promote itself.

If it was really not interested in mediation, the tsarist government would have rejected his visit long ago, and there would be no need to engage in such small tricks that would not be on the table.

"Is the situation on the European battlefield very bad?" Minister Richard Trulli asked.

After all, the information in St. Petersburg is still relatively closed-off. Even if the news is transmitted, it is added to the news along the way, and the original flavor has long been lost.

George nodded: "The situation in French Italy is unstable. There are many guerrillas on the peninsula. The French defense line in southern Europe is in danger.

In the Central European battlefield, the French army seems to be maintaining its offensive, but in fact it is physically and mentally exhausted. The troops have been reduced. Very impressive. Judging from the current situation on the battlefield, France will be beaten to death by Austria if it persists for at most one year.

The situation on the battlefield is ever-changing, and no one knows what will happen tomorrow. Arrange a meeting between me and the Russian senior officials as soon as possible , it is urgent to form an intervention alliance." It's not that George can't hold his breath and wants to rush to contact the Russians, the key is that they don't have much time left.

An intervention alliance cannot be built in a day or two. Even if the alliance is established, the relationship between the parties still needs to be coordinated, and it will not be done in a short while.

If the internal relations are not straightened out, the European War will end, and Britain will have a lot of fun.

...

Almost at the same time that George arrived in St. Petersburg, the negotiations between Russia and Austria also came to an end.

Facts have once again proved that there is nothing that money cannot solve; if there is, it must be that there is not enough money.

Naturally, the Vienna government was unwilling to give real money and silver, but Franz had no pressure to be generous to others.

After the Vienna government promised that "if the Tsarist government joins the war, it will receive no less than 20% of the total war reparations," the Tsarist government could no longer hold on.

As the third largest power in the world, France has a very strong family background. The compensation that can be paid after the war is at least billions of Aegis.

Calculated based on the lowest 20%, that is hundreds of millions or even more than a billion Aegis, which is equivalent to the Russian Empire's fiscal revenue for several years.

It was completely beyond the Russians' expectations that they could obtain such generous rewards for just declaring war and not specifying combat missions.

In the view of the tsarist government, this was a rare case of confusion on the part of the Austrians. If the treaty was not signed quickly, it would be too late for them to react.

...

After everything settled, Russian Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez, who was in a good mood, finally thought of the British Foreign Secretary who was visiting Russia.

When someone comes from afar, it's fine not to give them a warm welcome. It can be said to be extremely rude to leave someone alone for several days.

However, for Oscar Jimenez, this is not a problem. The relationship between Britain and Russia is like this. A few months ago, the two countries were fighting on the battlefield, and they were offended if they offended.

Improve diplomatic relations with the British?

Sorry, but the Tsarist government has not given up its ambitions for India. Although high-level government officials knew that the British were difficult to deal with, they still could not stop the enthusiasm of the people.

Everything is afraid of comparison. Compared with the Prussian-Russian War, the Anglo-Russian War was much easier. In the opinion of many people, if it were not for logistical constraints, the Tsar would have been able to conduct a military parade in India.

Even if it failed to achieve its ultimate goal this time, it still captured Central Asia, including three-quarters of the "Heart of Eurasia." Immediately after the Anglo-Russian War, someone within the Tsarist government proposed building a railway connecting Moscow and Afghanistan to prepare for the next war.

If it weren't for the lack of money in the government's pockets, the plan would have been implemented. In this context, any attempt to repair British-Russian relations is destined to be in vain.

...

British Foreign Secretary George asked: "Your Excellency, Marquis, I wonder what your country thinks about what was mentioned in the last telegram?" Thoughts? Oscar Jimenez was confused. Frankly speaking, if George hadn't reminded him just now, he would have almost forgotten about the British proposal to form an intervention alliance.

The reason is very simple. I oppose whatever the enemy supports. The Anglo-Russian War had just ended, and the British came to the door. Naturally, the tsarist government did not believe that the British would be kind.

In Oscar Jimenez's view, the British proposal was intended to alienate the Russian-Austrian alliance. Then, the Russian Foreign Ministry handled this telegram, which was of great significance to the British.

Even George's visit was deliberately brought about by Oscar Jimenez in order to negotiate terms with Austria. Now that the goal has been achieved, actors are naturally no longer so important.

"Sorry, Sir George. After careful research, we feel that the situation in Europe is moving in the right direction, and there is no need to form an intervention alliance." Hearing this answer, the coffee cup in George's hand almost dropped. It is really unexpected that the Russians are not worried about Austria becoming bigger.

George's horrified expression naturally fell into the eyes of Oscar Jimenez.

The Russian Empire really didn't want to see Austria get bigger. But there is no way, identity determines the position, the Russian Empire has joined the anti-French alliance, the situation is developing in the direction of the alliance, it must be correct.

After calming down, George asked: "Your Excellency, are you kidding me? According to the current development of the situation, after the anti-French alliance wins the war, Austria will become a dominant force. A giant spanning Asia, Europe, and Africa will appear. Not only does it endanger world peace, it also threatens the interests of your country." Oscar Jimenez shook his head and smiled slightly: "Sir, you are too worried. Russia and Austria are allies, so there is no need to say such words to sow discord.

Everyone knows what happened in the European Continental War. If the French had not invaded Central Europe, there would not have been this war at all.

After a bloody battle, the anti-French alliance finally gained the upper hand. To intervene at this time is not to condone the French. Is it an atrocity?

If the aggressors cannot be punished, then in the future, if European countries do not follow suit, how can there be any peace?" Sarcasm, naked sarcasm. After finally occupying the moral high ground, Oscar Jimenez naturally would not give up this opportunity to laugh at the British.

Everyone knows that endangering world peace is a joke. Since the 18th century, more than half of the world's wars have been attributed to the British.

Oscar Jimenez is naturally aware of the threats that may arise from Austria becoming bigger. But being clear doesn't mean he can do anything.

By joining the anti-French alliance, the Russian Empire will be able to gain huge benefits without taking any risks.

If they join the British-led intervention coalition, they will get nothing but a wave of hatred. Even if Britain and France were willing to compensate the Russian Empire, they would never be as generous as Austria.

The Russian Empire cannot be allowed to give up easily accessible benefits for the sake of the overall interests of the British! This kind of spirit of selfless dedication at the expense of oneself and others was not possessed by the tsarist government.

He was very angry when he first came here, and now he was being ridiculed again. Because George was very well-educated, he couldn't help it anymore.

"One day, you will regret your actions today! A bunch of short-sighted idiots! Just wait, the Austrians will let you know what..." After saying that, George turned and left without looking back.

It is impossible to retain him, Oscar Jimenez is not a good-tempered owner, and George's last words are obviously trying to sow discord between Russia and Austria.

It seems inconsequential, but if it falls into the ears of interested people, there is no telling how much trouble it will cause.

Not rushing up to beat someone is already a sign of self-cultivation, and naturally he will not admit defeat: "I don't need to worry about it, you should take care of yourselves first! The Russian-Austrian alliance has lasted for decades. It can withstand wind and rain. The relationship between the two countries cannot be instigated by a few words from your Excellency. On the contrary, your country is jumping up and down like this. It will definitely be liquidated after the war. You should first think about how to gain a foothold in Europe after the war!" Oscar ! ·Jimenez's voice was so loud that many people heard it, which directly made George, who was still far away, angry to death.

However, this is also true. Just based on the role played by the British in this war, Anglo-Austrian relations are destined to be bad.

Being able to become the Foreign Minister of the Russian Empire, Oscar Jimenez is naturally not a reckless man. Taking the initiative to fall out with the British was naturally done to show Austria.

The tsarist government has decided to declare no war for the time being. In this context, they naturally want to do something to prove their worth.

Otherwise, if they just take benefits and do nothing, what qualifications do they have to divide the spoils after the war? Is it just based on a piece of paper? That's too simple. There is no free lunch in this world.

Now that it has turned against the British, the tsarist government can announce to the outside world that it has crushed the British conspiracy to pick peaches and made outstanding contributions to the anti-French cause.

As for highlighting the contradiction between Britain and Austria, that can only be regarded as incidental. Russia and Austria are allies, and the Tsarist government is destined to be unable to complete the important task of restricting Austria, so it can only be done by the British.

From the standpoint of the Russian Empire, it would be perfect if it could drag the British into the quagmire of the European War.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 943 Illogical

In Tokyo, after receiving the news that Austria was interfering in Philippine affairs, Emperor Meiji held an imperial meeting overnight.

There is no way, this is the deterrent power of the top powers. Like most ordinary people of this era, Emperor Meiji also suffered from "foreign" phobia.

Emperor Meiji was very anxious just to challenge Spain. If Austria were to challenge him again, life would be really difficult.

Despite the smooth development of this southward strategy, the Spaniards were more useless than expected. In just over a month, the Japanese army occupied less than half of the Philippines, which was a brilliant victory.

But this is only on the surface. The Japanese army's rapid advance only caught Spain by surprise. In essence, Spain's overall strength is still superior to Japan.

No matter how powerful the Meiji Restoration was, it only developed for more than 20 years, which was incomparable to the century-old accumulation of the old empires.

Of course, since it dares to be a challenger, the Japanese government also has its own advantages, such as being closer to the homeland, having stronger military combat effectiveness and higher morale.

Having a military advantage does not mean everything will be fine. As the first country to challenge the existence of white people, Japan was at a disadvantage in terms of politics and diplomacy.

It's okay to fight alone. The key is that there is not even a single supporter. It can be said that it is more isolated than France. On the other hand, Spain has at least gained sympathy points from the European world.

Intervention by foreign powers has become the biggest risk in this move south. Emperor Meiji did not dare to take it lightly when he discovered any changes in Austria, even if it was just a trivial matter.

Ito Hirobumi analyzed: "Your Majesty, don't worry. Austria is busy with the European War and probably does not really want to interfere in Philippine affairs.

This time we went south under the banner of invitation from Britain and France. It is normal for the Austrians to be wary. .

It happened that the Nanyang Chinese came to the door at this time, and they followed the trend and conducted a test to judge whether we had any signs of continuing southward.

General Yamaxian Youtomo did a very good job and decisively chose to give in without causing any conflict. Now the Austrians should Don't worry." Without thinking too much, the Japanese army entered Nanyang under the pretense of being invited by Britain and France. It turned out that they were heading Austria towardsn Nanyang. Although the Japanese government provided an explanation afterwards, this would also cause dissatisfaction in Austria.

The great powers must all have tempers. It is normal to create some small obstacles and take a small revenge.

Oyama Iwa asked: "Ito-kun, this is the shame of the Japanese Empire, how can it be called good?

Today Austria is here, we have to make concessions; tomorrow Britain and France are here, do we still have to make concessions?

Step back, step by step Retreat. This is how the ambitions of the great powers have been nurtured. If we don't learn to say no to the great powers, the Japanese Empire will never truly stand up!

Don't talk about testing or not testing, Austria has never taken us seriously, Vienna The government doesn't bother to do this at all.

I think it's mostly a diplomat's personal behavior. Whether the Austrian government knows about this or not is unknown.

Austria is not the hegemon of Europe yet, but it is so overbearing. If they win the war, Do you want us to withdraw from the Philippines directly?

I suggest that we ignore the unreasonable demands of the Austrians, handle this incident forcefully, and show our tough foreign stance to the outside world.

Anyway, the European war is going so tragically, and it is impossible for the Austrians to be here. At that time, we were pushed to the opposite side." He failed to win the position of coach and was forced to stay in the base camp to plan. The key is that the strategy formulated by the base camp became completely different when he arrived at the front line.

Facing the top veteran of the Japanese Army, Yamagata Aritomo, Oyamayan had no choice but to endure it, but he still held back his anger.

Now that something like this has happened again, naturally I can't help but vent. Moreover, his status also requires him to be tough externally. Otherwise, how can he establish prestige in the army?

What's more, his analysis was correct. Austria really didn't have time to worry about the Nanyang region in a short period of time. Even if you go too far, you won't be able to come over and liquidate it right away.

As for settling accounts after the fall, isn't it possible to hug someone's lap? The Royal Navy is at its peak, and as long as the British do not agree, it will be difficult for Austria to do anything even if it wants to settle accounts later.

Ito Hirobumi rubbed his forehead. This kind of well-founded rebuttal was the most troublesome, but he didn't want to offend Austria.

The Japanese army learned from the French and had a mysterious confidence in France. However, as a politician, Ito Hirobumi did not see it that way.

The European Continental War was of huge scale, and the combat effectiveness of the troops was certainly important, but more of it depended on the overall national strength.

In the eyes of many politicians, France had already lost from the moment the war entered a state of anxiety. Just when Ito Hirobumi was struggling, a shocking news came.

"Your Majesty, I just received a telegram. The Russians have declared war on France!" Emperor Meiji did not care about self-restraint. He snatched the telegram from the attendant and quickly browsed it.

Although they didn't know what happened, everyone knew that the controversial issue did not need to continue. From the moment the Russians entered the war, France was helpless.

Possible victory and destined victory are two different concepts. There are still people who dare to take a gamble when they are not sure that Austria will definitely win; now that the overall situation has been decided, everyone has to worry about the attitude of the future European hegemon.

...

London, George, who had returned without success, had just gotten off the ship when he received the bad news. There was no time to rest, so he hurried to the palace to attend the imperial meeting.

The matter is so big that even Queen Victoria, who was not very involved in politics, can no longer sit still.

At this moment, the elderly Queen Victoria asked with a trembling voice: "According to your opinion, the monarch should not interfere in politics. In recent years, I have seldom interfered in politics.

All the major and minor affairs of the empire are left to you to handle. But who can tell me why the international situation has developed to this point? " The battle between the monarchy and the power of the prime minister has been common throughout the ages. The world only knows that Queen Victoria rarely interferes in politics, but they do not know that this is also the result of a power struggle. Since the death of Prince Albert, Queen Victoria has lost her strong political arm. In the struggle for power, she gradually became powerless.

However, Queen Victoria was not an idle person. Seeing that she could not suppress the cabinet, she decisively chose to retreat instead of advancing. On the one hand, she reduced her involvement in politics, while on the other hand, she firmly controlled the power and never let go. In short , I can authorize you to use the power, but I also have the right to take it back.

This is also the reason why Edward VII will be able to reshape the monarchy in the future. After all, the power has always been in the hands of the royal family, but it is usually useless.

In comparison, The same cannot be said for future British kings. From the time George V gave up his power, he could never get it back.

Faced with the Queen's question, everyone lowered their heads. Everyone knew that a crisis was coming, not only for Britain, but also for Britain. It is also their crisis. Once it is not handled well, everyone's political life will be over.

As the person directly responsible, Foreign Secretary George stepped forward and explained: "Queen, the Russians' declaration of war on France was too sudden and completely inconsistent with the situation." logic.

Austria has developed so fast in recent years that it has become a behemoth before we have time to suppress it.

The main reason for this mistake is that successive governments have a wrong consensus that Austria is not a concern.

From a geographical point of view, Austria is sandwiched between France and Russia, blocking both the French's eastward advance and the Russian's westward advance.

The seeds of the crisis have been laid innately. In theory, the stronger Austria is, the more hostility it will attract from France and Russia. As long as we push it from behind, France and Russia will join forces.

Based on this judgment, we have always focused on France and Russia. As you know, both France and Russia are restless. The French often jump up and down, and the Russians even directly invaded Afghanistan..." Before George could finish speaking, Queen Victoria interrupted forcefully: "I don't care whether it's legal or not. Following your logic, the Russians have now declared war on France.

Your so-called plan for France and Russia to join forces to check and balance Austria is simply a piece of shit, not even worse than shit.

What's even more ridiculous is that you single-handedly promoted this continental war. I still remember your solemn promise to use this war to hurt both France and Austria and attack two enemies at the same time.

You have also seen the results now. The mission was half accomplished, successfully weakening the French. If nothing else happens, postwar France will no longer be a threat to us.

Sounds great? Britain's old enemy has been killed, and you are all Britain's heroes.

But is this what we need? Without the French, who will check and balance Austria for us and count on the Russians?

Are you sure they want to go west to compete with Austria for European hegemony, instead of going south to compete with us for India? " Whether it is the balance of the European continent being broken and Austria becoming the new overlord; or the Russians invading India, they are the biggest threat to Britain. Anyone with a discerning eye knows that since the Russians have declared war on the French at this time, it must be that Russia and Austria have reached an agreement Agreement.

There is only one continental hegemon, and Austria is now the winner. The Vienna government will definitely not give in on this issue, so it can only be that the Russians' strategic direction has changed.

With the vast glaciers of Siberia, even if the Russians want If they want to move eastward, they can't go there. At least before there is a railway, it cannot support their ambitions. Not to mention the north, the Nordic Federation is just a hedgehog, or the kind without much meat, which is obviously not the food of woolly bears.

Looking around All around, apart from marching westward and competing with Austria for European hegemony, the only option is to go south to seize India.

The Queen who is transformed into a big troll is invincible, and no one dares to go up and cause trouble at this time.

Explanation is a cover-up, things have already happened, don't worry. Regardless of whether it is reasonable or not, it is a fact. If you think it is unreasonable, it can only mean that your brain is not strong enough. Maybe you have sprayed enough, or maybe you are old and weak. After venting her anger, Queen Victoria slowed down and asked: “Prime Minister, what are you going to do next? " It is impossible to deal with it personally. It is a mess now and may explode at any time. The responsibility must be borne by this government, which is why Gladstone's cabinet has not yet been overthrown.

"Queen, the Russians are joining the war. It happened so suddenly, we have no idea what happened in the middle. The top priority is to figure out the reasons for this, and then find targeted ways to keep the French.

The government has taken action and has now convinced more than a dozen neutral countries to mediate the war with us. " It is true that more than a dozen neutral countries have been won over, but unfortunately there are preconditions for this. The London government promised everyone that Britain and Russia would take the lead in forming an intervention alliance. Everyone just followed suit, and all countries agreed to participate. .

At this point, even if all countries continue to fulfill their agreements, it will be of no use. These days, more countries do not have the right to speak. The key is to look at strength.

Let small countries mediate this war, and they may be scared to death at the negotiation table. The great powers are playing hooligans, but not everyone dares to take it. Let alone the distance, European countries can't count on it anyway. As long as the anti-French alliance gives a little warning, everyone will obey.

This kind of unreliability Naturally, Queen Victoria would not be satisfied with the plan, and said coldly: "Really, then may God bless Britain. Hopefully the French can hold on a little longer and give you a chance to take action. " The plan is unreliable, but it is better than nothing. Until there is no better way, you can only make do with it.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 944 The time has come to take sides. In

Paris, after repeatedly confirming that the news of the Russian declaration of war was correct, Napoleon IV fainted directly, and the French government was also in chaos.

Innocence was shattered. Austria alone has made them exhausted, and now the Russians have come to add insult to injury, making it impossible to fight the rest of the battle.

Seeing the doctor come out, Prime Minister Terence Bulgin hurriedly asked: "Mr. Turkan, how is your Majesty's health?" In a monarchy country, the emperor's fainting is also a big deal. If it were normal times and Napoleon IV had a physical problem, Terrence Burgin, as Prime Minister, might have secretly celebrated.

The struggle between monarch power and prime minister power has never stopped. When the monarch has physical problems, it is a good time to expand the power of the prime minister.

Obviously, Terrence Burkin has no intention of fighting for power now. France is already suffering from internal and external troubles. If another power struggle breaks out, it will really be the end of the world.

Under the nest, there are still eggs.

As the Prime Minister of France, Terrence Bourgin's fate has long been tied to the Bonaparte dynasty, and he did not even have the opportunity to change jobs.

"Prime Minister, please rest assured that His Majesty is in good health. He just suffered a severe stimulation and suddenly fainted.

Now he has woken up and you can go in. However, there is still something wrong with His Majesty's mental state. You should pay attention. Don't let him be too tired, especially if he can't be exposed to severe stimulation. " After hearing the doctor's explanation, Terrence Bulgin breathed a sigh of relief and showed a helpless wry smile.

Not stimulated?

Given the current situation in France, unless the emperor completely delegates power and no longer interferes with politics, irritation is inevitable.

However, this is not possible. The foundation of the Bonaparte dynasty is too shallow, and the French people are too lively. If they really decentralize power completely, they may be guillotined one day.

With the lessons learned from Louis XVI, whoever dares to talk to the emperor about delegating power should be prepared to enjoy special care!

...

Seeing everyone arriving in the cabinet, Napoleon IV on the hospital bed waved his hands and said feebly: "You are all here, find your place and sit down, and then let's start!" "Your Majesty, your body?

" Prime Minister Si Bulgin said hesitantly. It can be seen that Napoleon IV was in very bad condition, and Terence Bulgin was very worried that the emperor would not be able to stand the stimulation.

Napoleon IV smiled bitterly and shook his head: "It doesn't matter, I can bear it. We have reached this point, how bad can it be?" From birth to now, Napoleon IV felt despair for the first time. Even when the rebels swept Paris, he had never been so desperate.

"Preliminary judgment is that the Russians' sudden declaration of war on us this time is an Austrian conspiracy. No information was revealed in advance. It is obvious that the enemy wanted to catch us off guard. The government bears responsibility in this regard. It knew the existence of the Russian-Austrian alliance and still believed in it. The British judgment is based on wishful thinking that the Russians do not want to see Austria grow bigger.

With the participation of the Russians, we will face greater military pressure in the next war. In order to deal with this unfavorable situation, The cabinet has just sent a telegram to the British for help.

Britain are at a loss, and the British do not want to see one country dominate the European continent. If they do not want to face the Russian-Austrian alliance alone, the British should be on our side." The true character of a politician, when analyzing the problem, Terrence Burgin did not forget to downplay his own responsibility.

It seems that we are taking the initiative to take responsibility, but in fact we are telling Napoleon IV: This is not because the cabinet is incompetent, the international situation is complicated, we just made a mistake that normal people would make.

Theoretically speaking, the Russians are already very good friends if they don't hold Austria back. Taking the initiative to enter the field and help Austria seize European hegemony is obviously unscientific.

Unfortunately, politics has never been scientific. The old enemies of Britain and France can stand together, and the Russians' operations are nothing.

After listening to the Prime Minister's report, Napoleon IV asked calmly: "Is there any good news?" The Russians joined the war, and he knew it before he fell into coma. Napoleon IV had long known how serious the consequences would be.

In this context, it is natural to need good news to soothe your mood. The unknown success or failure of wooing the British is certainly not good news.

Prime Minister Terence Bulgin responded in response: "The Anglo-Russian War has just ended, and the Tsarist government is fighting famine. The war funds can only be advanced by Austria.

According to the information from the embassy, ​​the Tsarist government has not made preparations for war in a short time. The Russians cannot send troops in the country.

This creates an opportunity for us. As long as we win the Central European battle before the Russians send troops to join the war, there will be room for maneuver." Is this considered good news?

In Napoleon IV's view, this was clearly a gamble. If the bet wins, then this war will continue; if the bet loses, then there is no need to say anything and you can prepare to run away!

However, this huge gamble has become France's only hope. As for British support, no one could expect the Royal Navy to bring warships ashore.

In a purely land war, the British's pocket-sized army, even if expanded five times, cannot reverse the balance of strength between the two sides.

Even though I'm not very satisfied, having a solution is better than having no solution at all. How can you know if it doesn't work without trying it yourself?

...

Madrid, starting from the defeat of the Armada, Spain began a century-long path of decline.

The decadent religion and feudal system, the chaotic domestic political situation, and the deliberate suppression by Britain and France internationally were all the key factors that led to the decline of Spain.

Especially in the last anti-French war, Spain, as the victorious country, not only lost a large area of ​​overseas colonies, but even its request to take back the disputed territories with France was ruthlessly rejected.

Time is like a knife, and after decades of passing away, these humiliations and hatred have long since faded away.

If nothing else happens, in a few decades it will become a piece of cold history, lying quietly in a corner of the library, with only historians occasionally reading it.

An accident happened. After the European War broke out, Austria launched an anti-French wave in Europe. These forgotten past events once again come into people's sight.

Today is different from the past. Spanish nationalism has risen. Although politics is still dominated by conservatives, nationalists also have the ability to make their own voices heard.

Thanks to the efforts of the nationalists, the voice of revenge continued to appear in society, especially after the French army suffered a setback on the battlefield, which further fueled the arrogance of the war faction.

However, this was not enough. The conservatives in power were still immersed in the shadow of Napoleon's sweep across the continent and did not dare to cross the line at all.

Against this background, Austria's plan to win over Spain naturally did not go smoothly. Apart from persuading the Spanish government to restrict exports to France and giving the French some eye drops, there was almost no gain.

All this changed with the news that the Russians had joined the war.

The Tsarist government is ready to declare no war, but the outside world doesn't know! Russians also want to save face, so they can do this kind of thing for a little while, but it would be embarrassing if they said it out loud.

Affected by the Russians' participation in the war, the European world was generally optimistic about the anti-French alliance, and Spain was naturally no exception.

The neutral faction, which was originally in a wait-and-see state, now also turned to the warring faction, and the voice of the warring faction gradually overwhelmed the peacekeeping faction.

There is no way, the anti-French alliance has become a general trend, and Spain only needs to follow the soy sauce to become a victorious country.

In addition, Austria gave too much. Just throw the French map over and choose whatever you like. It's really hard to refuse.

In the Royal Palace of Madrid, the war faction and the peace faction once again fell into a fierce quarrel.

The regent, Queen Mother Maria Christina, was of Austrian origin and had remained neutral on this issue in order to avoid suspicion.

Seeing that the quarrel escalated into a scolding war, Queen Mother Maria Cristina finally couldn't help it: "Shut up, everyone, pay attention to your status, don't make it like a racecourse! The Russians have already participated in the war, and I asked you to come here today for discussion. How should we choose? We are not here to listen to you quarreling." Being neutral does not mean having no position. Although she did not say it directly, everyone still knew that Queen Mother Maria Christina was leaning towards Austria.

Perhaps before the situation is clear, Maria Cristina will not take grain from Austria's fire, but the situation is different now. It is only a matter of time before the anti-French alliance wins, and Spain must take sides.

Continuing to remain neutral seems to be a mutually exclusive thing, but in fact it is also a rejection of both sides. It doesn't matter now. After the European War is over, it will be their turn to be unlucky.

Neutrality also requires a prerequisite. Either you are strong and don't need to take sides; or you are insignificant and it doesn't matter whether you take sides or not.

Sadly, fallen Spain was neither. If you don't take sides now, you will inevitably be suppressed by the overlord after the European War.

Foreign Minister Bernard-Roberts: "The situation in the European Continental War has become clear. The Russians have participated in the war, and the probability of the French winning is almost zero.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs believes that Austria's purpose of wooing us now is not simply to attack France. The war should be more about rebuilding the international order after the war.

Not only us, except for the British, all neutral countries in Europe are within the scope of Austria's win.

But because of geopolitics, we need to pay more Some want to go to war with the French. However, the cost and benefits are directly proportional, and the Vienna government is sincere in the distribution of benefits." Taking sides is always the most troublesome issue, but Spain does not have the confidence to refuse. Rejecting Austria's co-optation now means rejecting the future European political system.

"It's not that serious. Even if Austria wins the war, they can't cover up the sky with one hand. The British, Russians, and French will not let them do whatever they want.

On the contrary, it is more dangerous to participate in this war. How powerful France is, everyone It's not that we don't know. We must not forget the lessons of the last anti-French war. Regardless of the strength of the anti-French alliance, it is not certain who will win in the end.

Spain can no longer afford to make a fuss. Even if it wants to take sides, it will have to wait. After they decide the winner." The speaker was the conservative leader Marquis Wangari Maathai. Because he personally participated in the last anti-French war and witnessed the tragedy of Spain's defeat, he suffered from severe "French phobia." Not only him, but everyone who experienced the last anti-French war is a patient with "French phobia" and belongs to the Spanish government's most determined anti-war faction.

"Your Excellency, Marquis, you are still stuck in the last anti-French war. France is different without Napoleon. Just look at the battlefield: in Africa, they were beaten by Austria; on the southern front, the French army was also suppressed by Austria. ; The only Central European battlefield that seemed to have the upper hand actually did not gain any advantage.

If the French had not expelled the people of the Rhineland and Belgium, which increased the logistical pressure on the anti-French alliance and delayed the decisive battle, they might have been defeated long ago. .

Now that the Russians have joined the anti-French alliance, how can the French make a comeback in the face of absolute strength? Even if Napoleon is so powerful, he is not defeated in the end. It is indeed safe to wait until the end to stand, but it will be difficult to fight again in the future. When the benefits are distributed, our share is not included.

Don't expect anyone to check and balance Austria after the war. The international situation is now different. It is unknown whether there will be France after the war.

Don't forget, Austria promised us that France can have any territory of its own. Obviously they are preparing to carve up or dismember France.

If you don't participate, you'll miss this opportunity..." (End of chapter)


Chapter 945 The Decisive Battle

Compared to Spain, Switzerland, which is sandwiched between France and Austria, is even more tragic. Don't worry about being neutral. Small countries have no choice.

If Austria is wooing Russia and Spain because of political needs, then wooing Switzerland is purely to make up for the numbers.

It doesn't matter if you don't take sides, Austria is peace-loving and will not force anyone to join. It's just that after the post-war international order is established, non-warring countries do not need to participate.

Although Switzerland was happy to be neutral in the original time and space, even the European Union was too lazy to join. It was based on the rise of the United States and the decline of Europe; now it is outside the system, and the final outcome is nothing more than a question of how to die.

Among other things, a food embargo would mean that Switzerland would starve within a year; a tariff barrier would mean that Switzerland's nascent industry would immediately return to the Middle Ages.

There is no doubt that postwar Austria is absolutely capable of doing this. Neither defeated France nor the independent Kingdom of Sardinia could fight against Austria for Switzerland.

To put it bluntly, a hegemonic country also needs to establish its authority. Generally speaking, a chicken is chosen and killed to scare the monkeys. Austria is no exception. The only uncertainty now is who will be the unlucky chicken.

The first way for a small country to survive is to know the current affairs. After Spain declared war on France, the Swiss government, unable to withstand the pressure, immediately declared war on the French.

The members of the anti-French alliance have been assembled, and Austria has finally gathered an unrivaled momentum. Even if the British end the battle in person, there is nothing they can do to save it.

In the Palace of Vienna, looking at the map filled with small flags, Franz said slowly: "The time has come for the decisive battle. With the participation of Russia, Spain, and Switzerland, the French military morale has dropped to the lowest point .

Order the frontline troops to launch For a comprehensive counterattack, I have only one request: to weaken the French as much as possible.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs continues to work hard to bring down all the neutral countries in Europe before the French surrender, laying the foundation for the reconstruction of the international order after the war.

Of course, the British Except." Yes, Franz did not count on the power of these new allies from beginning to end.

There were only two main purposes for bringing them in:

first, to bind more countries on the chariot, and to bring as many countries as possible to the battlefield. Create enemies for the French and let us all share the hatred.

Second, it would undermine the French's military morale, weaken their sense of resistance, increase their chances of winning the decisive battle, and minimize their own casualties.

Of course, there are even more benefits. There are only so many countries on the European continent. With more countries participating in the war, there are fewer countries that can become mediators. Even if the British want to intervene, they cannot attract enough allies .

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Your Majesty, there are only three neutral countries left on the European continent. They have almost no interests involved with the French.

Incentives are simply unrealistic. If they are forced to declare war on France, maybe they will be forced to agree due to the situation. come down, but they will definitely be dissatisfied inside.

At the same time, we will also leave a domineering impression to the outside world, which is not conducive to the establishment of the post-war international order.

Anyway, their strength is limited, and participating in the war will not bring practical significance. It is better to just follow Let them forget it." There is no doubt that these three neutral countries do not include Britain. Since the deterioration of Anglo-Russian relations, the Austrian government has subconsciously excluded the British from the European continent.

After looking at the map, Franz nodded thoughtfully. The current neutral countries are Portugal, the Netherlands and the Nordic Federation. Even if they participated in the war, they would not have a chance to go to the battlefield.

Not only them, but even Franz of the three countries of Russia and Switzerland was not prepared to give them a chance to participate in the decisive battle.

Because of their geographical location, if Spain and Switzerland respond quickly, they may have the opportunity to join in the fun and participate in the game of beating the drowned dog. There is no need to think about other countries that are not bordering.

The French have a very strong family background. Although participating in the decisive battle requires paying a certain price, it is not worth mentioning compared with the huge benefits.

It is not easy to be the boss, especially when distributing benefits. If you want to convince everyone, the most basic fairness must be achieved.

Franz had already made a plan to implement the principle of reciprocity of benefits and contributions. He would take as much loot as he contributed to the anti-French war.

For those who have made little contribution, apart from the initially promised benefits, the rest of the benefit distribution has nothing to do with them.

There is nothing that can be done about it. Austria wants to monopolize French Africa, so naturally it cannot allow too many countries to participate in the decisive battle, otherwise it will be too ugly to be alone.

In addition, another purpose is to show off his muscles to the outside world, so that everyone understands that this boss is worthy of his title and is not just a showman. He should put his eyes brighter when doing things in the future.

...

On the Central European battlefield, the elderly Marshal Patrice McMahon dragged his tired body to the final mobilization.

Anyone with a discerning eye can see that the old marshal is about to run out of gas. If it weren't for his strong belief, he might have collapsed.

Since the news of the Russians' participation in the war came, despair has spread in the French army camp, especially the Italian soldiers who have been the most violent. Some people even openly spread anti-war ideas in the military camp.

In order to stabilize the morale of the army, McMahon immediately ordered a crackdown and executed hundreds of people before stabilizing the situation.

Iron-blooded methods can shock people's hearts, but they cannot restore morale. Maybe the officials at home don't understand, but the generals on the front line know that the French army has fallen into a situation of internal and external troubles.

"I believe you all know that the international situation suddenly changed. The Russians declared war on us, and Spain and Switzerland also jumped in to add insult to injury.

This is just the beginning. If we cannot defeat the enemy in front of us on the battlefield and crush the enemy's ambitions, then More enemies will pop up next.

France has reached its most dangerous moment, and now we need to take up arms to defend our homeland.

Despite their overwhelming numbers, they are actually a ragtag group of people. As long as Austria, the leader, is defeated, the international anti-French forces will retreat.

..." Marshal Patrice McMahon used a loud voice to instill chicken soup for the soul into the officers that he could not believe. He just wanted to inspire everyone's belief and win a glimmer of hope for France.

As for the effect, it is a matter of opinion. The wise have seen wisdom.

Maybe the Russians are far away and can't reach them for a while; but Spain and Switzerland are right next door to them. Even if the two countries don't send troops, they will still contain a large number of French troops.

Fortunately, Spain is far away in the middle. With the Pyrenees Mountains, as long as more than 100,000 or 200,000 French troops are deployed, they can defend the country.

Switzerland is different. The area bordering France and Switzerland is flat, and the natural dangers are all within Switzerland. Once the Austrian army breaks out through Switzerland , directly entered the heart of France.

To be precise, it is not "once", but it has already happened. At the same time that Switzerland participated in the war, an Austrian force had set out from the Principality of Liechtenstein and entered Switzerland. It was obviously It's coming for France.

Unlike the Anti-French Alliance's overwhelming numbers, France's war mobilization has reached its limit. So far in the war, the French army has lost more than two million troops. Including eighty-ninety soldiers who have been lost on the African continent. Ten thousand, more than one million were lost on the European battlefield.

Although not all of these people died in battle, and a large number of officers and soldiers were disabled and captured on the battlefield, their essence was the same and they could not go to the battlefield again.

However, this was only the beginning. Ever since the Paris government decided to make a quick decision, the French army has suffered tens of thousands of casualties every day.

No matter how big the company is, it cannot withstand such hardships. In the face of cruel casualties, front-line officers and soldiers have long complained.

Grassroots officers and soldiers In such a situation, McMahon had no choice but to rely on senior officers to do ideological work one by one to stimulate the fighting spirit of the soldiers as much as possible.

Before McMahon could finish speaking, he was beaten by the young officer who suddenly broke in. Broken: "Marshal, the Austrians have launched an attack.

According to telegrams sent from the front line, the Austrian army's attack was very powerful. The mountains and plains were covered with iron monsters. They were so powerful that there was no way to deal with them.

Our first line of defense has been broken, and the 7th Division, 16th Division, 23rd Division, 42nd Division and other troops on the front line have sent telegrams asking for help. " When he heard the "Iron Pimple" monster, McMahon's face darkened. It seemed that the documents reported to him before had mentioned that this thing was among the secret weapons of the Austrians.

Unfortunately, Austria had too many secret weapons. Most of them were smoke bombs. No one knew what they could do before they were put into the battlefield. In addition, the information was incomplete, so they were ignored by McMahon.

Of course, it was useless even if they knew it in advance. Before seeing the power of armored troops, everyone thought they were heavy cavalry, and the outer armor was just a little behind.

With Franz's order, the torrent of steel that had been hidden for many days spewed out, from Tanks and armored vehicles are everywhere from southern Europe to central Europe.

Since the outbreak of the war, the decisive battle between France and Austria has broken out. On one side is the French army that wants a quick victory, and on the other side is the Austrian army with a torrent of steel. This is happening on the European continent. The most exciting scene.

Battle?

No, to be precise, it should be a massacre.

The confrontation between flesh and blood and the torrent of steel is unfair in itself. In addition, the French army has always been the attacking party before, and its own fortifications have been built. is not very strong, the result is tragic.

… (End of this chapter)


Chapter 946 Depressed Frederick

The roaring sound of artillery fire, the sound of engine rotation, and the screams of soldiers from time to time, together played a march from hell.

At the French command headquarters, the well-informed Marshal Patrice McMahon couldn't help but tremble as he looked at the increasing casualty reports.

After gathering his thoughts, McMahon forced himself to calm down. He knew that he couldn't panic now. If he couldn't deal with it calmly, France would be doomed.

As one of the founders of the Second French Empire, McMahon's affection for this country even exceeded his own life.

"You all know what happened on the front line. The top priority now is to find a way to deal with the enemy's armored forces. Only by solving them can the great France have a future.

From now on, the fate of the empire is in our hands. Behind us It is home, and now we have no way to retreat.

If we don't want the war to burn our hometown, and we don't want to see our wives, children, and children displaced, then we should keep the enemy out of the country!

Time will not wait for me, and the international situation is getting worse and worse. There is not much time left for France. You are all the elites of the French army, and now the responsibility for dealing with the enemy's armored forces falls on you ."The cruel reality taught McMahon a deep lesson. Today, with the rapid advancement of military technology, traditional tactics and tactics have been swept into the garbage heap, becoming increasingly out of step with the times.

For example, when the Austrian armored forces just came out, McMahon responded by using the same method as cavalry, and the result was naturally disastrous.

To deal with cavalry, you can shoot people or horses; when it comes to armored tanks, ordinary bullets can only tickle them and are not a threat at all.

Past experience was unreliable, and McMahon had to brainstorm ways to deal with it.

"Marshal, after these few days of fighting, we have found that the enemy's armored forces are not afraid of bullets. To destroy them, they must use artillery.

Ordinary artillery has a low hit rate due to the elevation angle. It is best to specialize in producing an artillery that can shoot flatly. .

In addition to destruction by force, tunnels and mountains can block the advancement of enemy armored forces. Generally speaking, the worse the road, the more it can delay the movement of enemy armored forces." To be precise, this should be regarded as battlefield experience, rather than countermeasures. On the surface it all seems good, but in fact it is not feasible at all.

Soldiers are very fast on the battlefield. Before the country can develop flat-firing artillery, the war is probably over.

Mountains are miraculous creations of nature and cannot be changed by human will. It is impossible for the French army to withdraw its main force to the mountains.

Digging tunnels and destroying roads seems to be the most effective countermeasures, but in fact the biggest problem is that they cannot be dug out.

The French army expelled most of the people in Belgium and the Rhineland. The remaining people were either traitors or traitors. The Allies were free to do whatever they wanted. If the roads were destroyed, they could just use the farmland to pass.

I'm not sure about other areas. Anyway, the armored troops can pass directly through the Flanders Plains along the coast. No matter how hard the French army tried, they could not dig hundreds of kilometers of trenches in a short period of time.

Even if it is dug out, it is of no use. Along with the armored forces, there are infantry, and people can be sent to fill them.

Of course, procrastination can still be done. It's just that this is not what the French army wants. There is no way to win the war just by delaying time.

Especially on the premise that Russia, Spain, and Switzerland may send troops to join the war at any time, the French do not dare to delay.

"Is there any other way? These measures alone are not enough for us to turn things around." McMahon asked with a frown. Now he only has victory in his eyes. As long as he can win this battle, everything else is easy to talk about.

The middle-aged officer added: "The enemy's armored forces are divided into two categories, one is slow and has high defense; the other is fast but thin, like a layer of armor on the outside of a car. .

The former must be destroyed by artillery with a caliber of 120mm or more; the latter can only be destroyed by a 60mm light artillery. " Tanks are slow, and heavy artillery moves equally slowly. No one is much stronger than the other. Of course, the hit rate cannot be counted on.

Armored vehicles seem easy to destroy, but they move very fast and are very difficult to aim. Aiming is difficult, but the hit rate is certainly impressive.

...

A series of opinions were all similar, and no satisfactory answer was obtained. The elderly McMahon waved his hand and said: "First try your own methods and see the effect." If it weren't for political pressure, McMahon would have really wanted to take a breath. Pull the troops back to the country and fight a homeland defense war.

However, this can only be thought about. If he really did this, the spittle of the Chinese people could kill him.

The French people will not allow the government to fail, especially in this kind of war that is related to the fate of the country, so it cannot lose.

...

The Central European battlefield is still struggling to hold on, while the Southern European battlefield is completely defeated. Affected by the favorable international situation, the Italian national independence movement entered a new climax.

Not only Vittorio Emanuele III comes out every day to call on the Italian people to resist French tyranny, but several other royal families also come out every now and then to increase their presence.

Italian regional nobles and capitalists also sent representatives to contact the anti-French alliance to discuss Italy's future.

It can be seen that everyone's political sensitivity is still very high. Knowing that it is time to take sides at this time, they decisively come over.

Based on the principle that the more allies the better, Austria will naturally not refuse the surrender of these local snakes.

With the addition of a group of leading parties, the good days of the French in Italy are gone forever. Not only did they have to fight the Austrian army on the front line, they also had to deal with the endless uprisings in the rear.

If it were not for the geographical constraints that restricted the full display of the armored forces, perhaps the Anti-French Alliance would have already held a military parade in Turin.

In fact, the Austrian army was not far away from the Turin parade. Only the last dozen kilometers were left, and the French army was stubbornly resisting.

Outside the city of Turin, there was now heavy artillery fire. Looking at the billowing smoke rising in the distance, Crown Prince Frederick sighed.

Austria has inherited the tradition of the German region, with a strong martial spirit, and every soldier has a battlefield plot. Frederick, who grew up in this environment, was no exception.

After a lot of effort, he managed to convince his father and got an opportunity to go to the front line. Unfortunately, no commander is brave enough to put the crown prince on the frontline battlefield.

Not to mention the body wrapped in horse leather, even if it bumps or touches on the battlefield, it will be a political disaster.

In this context, whether Frederick wanted it or not, he became an honorable logistics officer, responsible for the maintenance of roads from Milan to Turin.

No matter how passionate the fighting was on the front line, Frederick could only watch from a distance. Within twenty miles of the battlefield was his forbidden area.

For this reason, Frederick often protested to his superiors, but there was no way. Soldiers have a bounden duty to obey orders, even as the crown prince.

Then, Frederick became the most special presence on the southern battlefield, the top seed player in the gilding world. His main job was to organize civilian workers to repair roads and transport supplies.

"Your Highness, a new batch of supplies has arrived and I need you to sign for it." After saying that, the young officer took out a document and handed it over.

Frederick, who came back to his senses, glanced at the document after taking it, and said slowly: "Wait a minute, I will check it before signing." According to the regulations of the Austrian army, during the transfer of materials, the officer in charge All must be inspected, and once you sign, you will be responsible for it.

Of course, the inspection is also carried out by dedicated personnel, and it is impossible for all the persons in charge to do it themselves. There are so many supplies that one person cannot handle at all.

It is impossible to inspect all supplies, but random inspections are possible. Whenever there is a problem with materials, they must be fully held accountable.

The security of strategic materials is of vital importance and is directly related to the outcome of the war. Frederick's work seemed inconspicuous, but in fact it was a typical example of low status and power.

Such personnel appointments were obviously intentional by the commanders. Others could be bribed, but Frederick, as the crown prince, could not be bribed.

Not only cannot it be bribed, but it must also be dealt with carefully. If something goes wrong, no matter how awesome your connections are, they will be useless here.

Ever since Frederick came to power, ghosts, cows, snakes and ghosts have retreated, and grass has grown on the graves without eyes. Not only was he unlucky, but the people behind him were also in trouble.

This is war time, and the Vienna government has zero tolerance for anyone who reaches out randomly. Those who pass off substandard goods - kill, those who embezzle and embezzle - kill, those who resell goods - kill...

There is no seriousness of the circumstances, if you commit the crime, you will lose your head. In addition to these direct charges, there is also a charge of treason. Regardless of whether there was collusion with the French or not, these actions were accepted by default.

After such a powerful attack, those who dare to do tricks in logistics are real desperadoes. The owner of a big family and a big business is absolutely unwilling to take risks with his head.

There were fewer problems, and Frederick rarely checked in person, but he was bored now, so he naturally wanted to find something to do.

The update time has been adjusted. Any updates not posted at 11pm will be moved to the next morning.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 947 Turin Attack and Defense Battle

"Charge..." Amidst shouts of killing, the Turin Attack and Defense Battle began. As a key node in the battle on the southern front, both France and Austria invested a lot of energy.

The ownership of Turin not only determines the ownership of the Kingdom of Sardinia, but also affects the ownership of the Italian region.

The leading parties are all ready, it depends on the outcome of the Battle of Turin. If the Austrian army successfully captures Turin, then everyone will work together to drive away the French. Otherwise, everyone will think twice before doing so.

In order to show their sincerity, these guys have launched many armed uprisings in Italy, holding back at least 200,000 French troops.

In order to facilitate command, Morkes, the southern commander, has moved his headquarters to the front line.

It's impossible not to pay attention to it. Street fighting may be the French army's best chance of making a comeback, and the French will definitely not give up this opportunity.

In the wild, armored units can fight across the battlefield, but it's different in the city. Any obstacles can block the way forward.

The anchored armored force is just meat on the chopping board. As long as the French are willing to risk their lives, a single explosive pack can take care of it.

As a product of the times, Austria's armored forces are expensive in one word. For this reason, they are also nicknamed "land cruisers" by the Austrian military.

This is no bragging. The production cost of a state-of-the-art tank is almost the same as that of the cheapest cruiser.

The cheapest armored vehicles cost tens of thousands of Aegis, and the most advanced tanks cost more than 200,000 Aegis.

Considering Austria's financial resources, there are currently only four tank divisions and eight armored divisions, which is enough to explain all the problems.

In fact, even these twelve divisions were not organized. Since air defense was not needed for the time being, the anti-aircraft artillery regiment was omitted, and the motorcycle mechanized infantry regiment was even missing.

The number of tanks is also seriously insufficient, with each division having between 150 and 260 tanks; armored divisions are better, with each division having between 220 and 300 armored vehicles.

This is only theoretical. In fact, each division will be able to use fewer tanks and armored vehicles. After all, there will be damage on the battlefield.

Unfortunately, the failure rate of tanks and armored vehicles these days is very high. Many times after a battle, one-third of the armored tanks are down, and the rest must be overhauled.

This is also the reason why the French were able to gather their troops and re-establish their defense line. It's not that the Austrian army doesn't want to take advantage of the victory and pursue it. The key is that the armored troops, which are their trump card, do not have the ability to implement blitzkrieg.

The current situation of the Austrian armored forces is that a nominal division can only pull out one regiment to fight, and the rest are undergoing equipment maintenance.

The fact that the French were confused by the torrent of steel does not mean that their combat effectiveness is gone. In fact, the combat effectiveness and fighting will displayed by the French army are still at the top of this era.

Of course, the French were able to regain their strength, which was also directly related to the orders of the Vienna government. In order to weaken the French to the greatest extent on the battlefield, it is natural to give them hope.

If they really defeated the main force of the French army at once, they would only kill hundreds of thousands of French troops at most, and then there would be nothing more.

With the hope of victory lost, even if Napoleon IV did not want to surrender, someone would make the decision for him.

Active surrender and surrendering after stubborn resistance are completely different concepts. The former has received nothing and has to solve the problem at the negotiation table; the latter has already created an established fact and only needs a contract to clarify the legal principles.

There are so many countries that don't want the French to die. If Austria wants to achieve its strategic goals, it must break into France before the French surrender.

...

What kind of enemy should be dealt with, what kind of attitude should be adopted. Austria is obviously qualified to be taken seriously by the French. After the outbreak of the European War, French commander Adrian immediately ordered the strengthening of city defenses.

As an important place with multiple attributes such as strategy, transportation, politics, and economy, Turin is naturally the focus of attention. Fortresses rose up one after another, and together with the buildings in the city, they became a war monster.

Under the roaring artillery fire, Captain Adler was leading his third company to charge. No, it should be said to be crawling.

The bullets flew over Adler's head. An unlucky guy raised his head too high and was hit by the flying bullets. He only had time to scream and went to see God.

It is normal for people to die on the battlefield. So far in the war, the soldiers of the third company have been replaced by three-quarters, and Adler is the fifth company commander.

Of course, it didn't mean that the four guys in front of him all received their lunch boxes. Except for one unlucky guy who met God, the other three are all alive and well. One of them got a promotion and two of them are recuperating in the hospital.

The battlefield is like ice and fire. Junior officers die quickly and are promoted quickly. As long as they survive a few battles, promotion is a matter of course.

There is no need to worry about their boss stopping them, because they have either been promoted, entered the hospital, or gone to see God. In short, the position is vacant.

Here, the counterattack from a soldier to a general is no longer a myth. As long as the war lasts longer, anything is possible.

Captain Adler, who was not a cadet and had no connections, became company commander less than a year after the war broke out.

In addition to a flexible mind and excellent military qualities, what is more important is luck. If it weren't for his parents, a harmonious family, and a lack of villains to slap him in the face, he would be a bit like a child of luck.

Although there are many reserve officers in Austria, they are only deployed at the company and platoon level at most. In the context of large-scale military expansion, Adler, as a veteran, directly serves as the squad leader.

This is not a big deal. For the first time in the battle, Adler's company suffered heavy losses. The platoon leader and deputy platoon leader under his direct leadership either saw God or went to the hospital.

Before the battle ended, Adler was acting platoon commander. It had nothing to do with promotion, because everyone in his platoon with higher ranks than him had left the battlefield, and according to the rules of the Austrian army, it was his turn to take command.

After successfully completing the mission and achieving military exploits, it was natural for him to become an agent and become an actual instructor. After several more military exploits, Adler became the company commander in a daze.

Without being rebellious and having no amazing achievements, the ordinary young officer Adler would have almost exhausted his luck here.

There is no way, not only is the demand for higher-level officers greatly reduced, but they no longer need to lead troops to charge, and the probability of being killed or injured is greatly reduced.

There are fewer pits, and the requirements are higher. In peaceful times, there are few people who have made military exploits. Naturally, those who have military exploits can rise to the top. Those who lack ability can be cultivated slowly.

It doesn't work anymore, people with military exploits are everywhere. Unless your military exploits are amazing and you can be promoted out of the ordinary, professional knowledge assessment is indispensable.

After all, the more troops under command, the higher the ability requirements for officers. Except for a few geniuses, most people need to be trained to be competent.

A comprehensive counterattack has begun, and the war is about to end. After the war, there will be a major disarmament, and grassroots officer training courses will naturally cease to exist.

You can't just organize officer training and issue them a discharge notice before their course work is completed!

After all, it's not the real protagonist. There are a bunch of similar templates in the Austrian army.

No matter how low the probability of occurrence is, once the number is enlarged, it is no longer a minority. It can be said that everyone who survives unscathed in the hail of bullets is a legend.

Looking back and confirming the identity of the deceased, Captain Adler yelled angrily: "Hold your heads, don't imitate that idiot Cole!" Sad? Maybe, but after too much experience, the nerves become numb. Perhaps to avoid being sad at such a time, Captain Adler deliberately kept his distance from everyone around him.

Before Adler could finish speaking, the French army's bullets spurted out again. Although the Gatling is not as useful as the Maxim, it is still a great weapon when installed in a fortress.

With Cole's lessons learned and the whistling of bullets constantly ringing in everyone's ears, everyone lowered their heads as low as possible.

Suddenly there was a loud "bang", and the two soldiers on Adler's right were blown to pieces, and half of their heads fell directly in front of Adler, within reach.

After shaking his head, he finally woke up from the sound of bombing. When he saw the bloody heads of his comrades in front of him, Adler almost vomited.

Holding back his nausea and discomfort, Adler immediately ordered: "The enemy in front has planted mines. We don't have mine clearance tools. Let's withdraw first." There is no doubt that this exploratory attack failed. Not to mention not bringing demining tools, even if the tools are fully prepared, they can't withstand the enemy's firepower!

This is what the Austrians themselves started, and the French are just following their lead. Although there was no time to imitate the Maxim machine gun, Gatling could also use it to make up the numbers.

The enemy is so well prepared, it would be very unwise to use human lives to fill the gap. The Austrian military does not respect this kind of mechanical bravery, blindly pursuing victory and ignoring the lives of soldiers, which will lead to a military court.

The exploratory attack failed, and Morkes did not feel disappointed. The sacrifice is not meaningless. Through testing during the day, the Austrian army has figured out the French's external firepower deployment and laid the foundation for the next attack.

At the coalition headquarters, General Morquez asked: "How is the formation of the Italian Legion going?" How could the war to liberate Italy lack Italian participation? At this time, the value of the Italian independent organization was reflected. Every time the Austrian army occupied an area, they recruited troops under the banner of an independent organization.

In order to fully respect the feelings of the Italian people, these troops are divided geographically. For example: the National Independence Army of the Kingdom of Sardinia, the National Independence Army of Lucca, the National Independence Army of Modena, the National Independence Army of Parma, the National Independence Army of Tuscany, the National Independence Army of the Papal States, the National Independence Army of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies...

Never mind No matter how big the scale is, every Italian country has a national independence army, which takes into account everyone's face.

As for whether the Italian independent organization is willing to accept it, this is no longer important. Acceptance is of course good for you, good for me, and good for everyone. If you don't accept, Morkes doesn't mind appointing the commander directly.

Anyway, there are a lot of Italian nobles who have defected, and they can always find those who are willing to cooperate. The scattered Italian independent organization is only famous among the people, but does not have much appeal among the nobility.

In order to restore the country, even the boss, Vittorio Emanuele III, chose to compromise, let alone the pawns below.

A burly middle-aged officer replied: "So far, the National Independence Army of the Kingdom of Sardinia has 200,000 people, the Papal State Independent Army has 80,000 people, and the other independent armies are still empty frames. There are less than 10,000 people in total.

If we want to organize them, we have to wait until we occupy these areas. Judging from the current situation, it is probably impossible to hope." So far in the war, the Austrian army has mainly made achievements on the southern front. The results of the war were all within the borders of the Papal States and the Kingdom of Sardinia, and the national independence army formed was naturally dominated by the people of these two countries.

In order to reflect the equal status of the Italian states, the troops of each country cannot naturally be mixed. This is how the polarization in numbers emerged.

An empty army will definitely not be able to go to the battlefield. No matter how much cannon fodder is needed, Morkes cannot possibly consume all the seeds of his "allies".

Moreover, these seeds are also the core for the establishment of future state governments. In order to balance the strength of the states in the Italian region, Austria's support was too late, so how could it be given up?

After pondering for a while, Morquez shook his head: "Two hundred and eighty thousand people is still a bit small. Just taking the city of Turin will probably take tens of thousands of people. There are a series of cities waiting for us to conquer. .

Continue to increase local recruitment efforts. In addition to promoting national independence, you can also promise soldiers land, tax exemptions, and pensions. The specific figures are up to you, as long as they are tempting. " In order to recruit more Italian cannon fodder, Morquez has given up on the bottom line and made promises directly on behalf of these governments.

As for whether they can be fulfilled, it depends on the integrity and governance ability of these governments. Anyway, this is It was a fight for Italian national independence, and it was impossible for Austria to pay for it.

Some people think that tanks are too magical. Let me explain here. The author checked the information and did not make it up.

Theoretically, a bullet or a stone can It is possible to kill a tank, but this is based on extreme coincidence, and the chance of success is less than one in 10,000.

When formulating military strategies, one cannot regard a probability of less than 1 in 10,000 as a plan. In actual combat, there is no Any feasibility. Ordinary bullets can penetrate a few centimeters thick steel plate, which is the real magic.

Unlike later artillery that was designed to deal with tanks, current artillery shells are mainly used to kill infantry, which is also commonly known as blooming bullet penetration The power is limited.

Armor-piercing bullets have stronger penetrating power, but the hit rate is low. No matter how powerful it is, it is useless if it cannot hit directly, and the army is rarely equipped with it. Many army artillery does not even have the ability to use armor-piercing bullets.

Unless small-caliber artillery hits a vital point, Basically, the threat is limited. The actual combat value is far less than that of large-caliber artillery. In military terms, practicality is the first consideration.

Tanks are not very good, and artillery is also not very good. Both sides can only be considered half-matched. Rapid-fire artillery has appeared, but the mainstream is still the slow-fire cannon. .

In the drama, a grenade overturns a tank, which is impossible in reality. Unless you can throw it along the tank barrel, a bundle of grenades will only damage the tank at most.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 948: Worried about

Continuing to recruit troops, Vittorio Emanuele III naturally had no objection. Only with enough troops can the French be driven out and the Kingdom of Sardinia restored.

After struggling for so many years, I finally saw the light of day, and now I can't give up no matter what. In order to win the final victory, it is completely worth paying a little price.

Besides, the battle is not in vain. The Vienna government had already made a commitment that all participating countries would share the spoils based on their contribution in the war.

Thanks to the reputation Franz has gained over the years, everyone still recognizes this promise.

The French have a big business, and if they leak a little bit, it will be enough to feed the Kingdom of Sardinia. The only prerequisite is that they must have outstanding achievements.

The boss has this attitude, not to mention the people below. The best thing to do is to finish the war as soon as possible and divide the fruits. The rest are just side effects.

In order to get rid of the French as soon as possible, everyone was naturally very active on the issue of subscription.

As for the promises made during the military recruitment, no one cares. You must know that in the past, in order to call on the people to get up and drive away the French, the conditions for leaving were promised to be even more generous.

Whether they can fulfill it or not, I don't know whether they didn't think of it, deliberately didn't think about it, or they were simply not prepared to fulfill it.

It doesn't matter, if you pay, you will be rewarded. Seeing that the Italians were so cooperative, Morkes naturally wanted to reciprocate the favor. Except for the highest command authority, all remaining powers were naturally delegated.

Let a group of idealists, speculators, and loudmouths command an army. What will happen in the end is none of Morquez's business.

Although there are many states in Italy, the power gap between them is huge. The Kingdom of Sardinia, the most economically developed country, alone can surpass the sum of the small states in the central and southern regions.

From an overall perspective, the best way to stabilize the situation in Italy is to balance the strength of the Italian states. It is completely necessary to weaken the Kingdom of Sardinia.

Now is the best opportunity to capture the capital of the Kingdom of Sardinia. No matter how you say it, the Sardinian Army has a duty to do so.

Conscription is conscription, but the war cannot stop. Turin is a difficult bone to crack. Before the recruitment of cannon fodder is completed, the Austrian army cannot fill the hole with its own people.

The infantry cannot go up, but the artillery can use it freely. With airships and planes in the sky, life will be difficult for the French army in Turin.

For air defense needs, the French military headquarters has been moved to the basement. This makes Marshal Adrian, who thinks highly of himself, very embarrassed.

However, it is no longer a matter of face, but whether we can defend Turin and the Italian region.

Although the Italian region needs industry but not industry, and needs resources but not resources, it is like a burden to France. In fact, it also supports the backbone of the French Empire, and its importance is second only to the mainland.

From a strategic point of view, without the Italian region, the French navy can only circle around home, and Mediterranean hegemony has nothing to do with them.

Economically, the Italian region provided France with cheap labor and a market for goods. Without Italy, France's already sluggish manufacturing industry is not far away from closing down.

The economic and strategic impact is great, but the political impact is even more fatal. The current situation is not optimistic to begin with, and if they suffer another big defeat, no one will be optimistic about them.

If no one is optimistic about it, no one will invest. You must know that the French government is working hard to lure the British into the water. If the Italian region is lost, the British government will not be able to jump into this trap no matter how stubborn it is.

Moreover, with the previous series of failures, the domestic situation has become unstable. If the Italian region is lost again, who can guarantee that a revolution will not break out in the country?

In order to avoid the worst case scenario, the Paris government had early ordered to defend the Italian region, and Turin was the most important link.

Marshal Adrian asked: "Are you all ready?" The middle-aged officer replied confidently: "Don't worry, Marshal. We are fully prepared. No matter how powerful the enemy's armored forces are, it will be a chopping block when they enter the city.

Every street, alley, and building in Turin will become the burial ground of the enemy." In order to defend Turin ,

the French army also made full preparations. Not only heavy troops were deployed and complete fortifications were built, but there were also secret weapons prepared by the Paris government.

War is the best driving force for the development of military industry. After the outbreak of the European War, the French were not idle. Various new weapons emerged in an endless stream, but they were covered up under the Austrian aircraft and tanks.

Of course, new weapons are not necessarily weapons on the battlefield. Most new weapons are the destiny of a day trip to the battlefield. Only weapons that have been tested in actual combat can become real battlefield weapons.

Marshal Adrian was not moved by his men's assurances. Holding Turin could only ensure that the enemy could not make a quick victory. If the enemy was willing, they could still advance all the way to southern Italy. If you want to win, you still have to take the initiative.

There is no doubt that it is not possible to attack now. Before there is no way to deal with the enemy's armored forces, it is impossible for the French army to kill people.

...

London, the situation on the European battlefield has reversed, and the British government is also in a dilemma.

The Russians were enough for them, but before the British government could take action, Spain and Switzerland joined in. Before they had time to react, they were suddenly told that the French army was going to be defeated.

Looking at the analysis report in his hand, Gladstone couldn't help but ask from the depths of his heart: "Is this the performance of the French?" You know, France is known as the world's largest army power, and it has also won the world's most powerful army. recognized by all countries. Before the war broke out, the French military had a lot of arrogant slogans, such as "parade in Vienna within half a year" and "end the continental war in three months"...

Judging from the current situation, the French should not be talking about going there. Vienna Military Parade, but go to Vienna to watch the military parade.

Secretary of War Rosario: "It's a pity, Prime Minister. Although it is somewhat unbelievable, it is true.

The French fought a piece of shit on the battlefield, except for catching the anti-French alliance by surprise early in the war. , they no longer have a good record.

According to the analysis of the Military Intelligence Observation Group, due to the rapid expansion of troops after the outbreak of the war, the combat effectiveness of the French army has been declining. The original combat effectiveness advantage has gradually turned into a disadvantage.

In comparison , the situation in Austria is much better. They have a large reserve force and a large number of reserve officers, which can form combat effectiveness in a short period of time.

In addition to the backward mobilization system, the French are also lagging behind in the research and development of weapons and equipment. Aircraft, Tanks and new machine guns are all made by the enemy.

In the case of overall backwardness, the French army can achieve its current record, which is already very good.

Facts have proved that modern war can no longer be won by bravery. We must pay attention to the army comprehensive development." This is true. Although Rosario is suspected of laundering territory for the French army, it is still true on the whole. The French army's defeat on the battlefield was indeed due to the dual effects of its system and weapons and equipment.

As for the purpose, it is obvious. Apart from military expenditures, there is nothing that can make the Minister of War work so hard.

Today is different from the past. Now Britain also faces threats on land. Not to mention Austria's threat to the Cape of Good Hope, which was only a small profit and not enough to drive the Vienna government crazy; the Russian threat to India was different. Whenever there was an opportunity, the Tsarist government would definitely not let it go.

Taking the lessons learned from the French, the British government also has to strengthen its army construction, otherwise they will suffer big losses in the next Anglo-Russian war.

Gladstone frowned. Now he really had no intention of getting entangled in the issue of military expenditure. No matter how great the threat from the Russians was, it would not break out anytime soon. On the contrary, the European War could change dramatically at any time.

"We will find time to discuss the issue of military construction later. The French government has asked us for help many times, and it seems that they cannot continue the fight.

For the balance and stability of the European continent, we must quell this war as soon as possible and save the French people. of vitality." "A truce" is easy to say, but difficult to do. The anti-French alliance has already gained the upper hand, and asking them to let the French go is obviously a pushback.

If the anti-French alliance did not have an absolute advantage on the battlefield before Russia, Spain, and Switzerland entered the war, the British government would have intervened forcefully, and there might have been some hope of relying on international mediation.

Things are different now. Three of the five major European powers have declared war on the French. Even if Britain wants to form a group to mediate, they can't come up with a decent lineup.

Disputes between great powers are not easy to get involved in. If a small country joins in, it may involve itself first. Apart from Britain, there is no other country on the European continent that is qualified to mediate.

This is true even if the scope is enlarged to the whole world. Unless the great powers join in, no one will buy it.

Foreign Minister George shrugged and said: "This is difficult to do. The advantages of the anti-French alliance are too obvious, and the Austrians will certainly not give up this opportunity to weaken their competitors.

The most troublesome thing is that the Habsburg dynasty is pulling in allies. Their abilities are so powerful that all major countries on the European continent have become members of the anti-French alliance.

This is just the beginning. As far as I know, they are still wooing Portugal, the Netherlands, and the Nordic Federation. Based on the performance of the French on the battlefield , no one can guarantee whether these losers will join the anti-French alliance.

If you want to preserve the vitality of France now, you must let the Paris government surrender immediately and use the existing chips in their hands to gain some benefits for themselves.

The French have Everyone knows how arrogant they are. Even if the Paris government is willing to compromise, the French people will not agree.

With a series of defeats on the front line, Napoleon IV's rule has begun to become unstable. At this time, the anti-French alliance If we compromise, I'm afraid a revolution will break out in France." This is not alarmist, the domestic situation in France is indeed very dangerous. After the outbreak of the European Continental War, Austria banned grain exports and drove up prices internationally.

International prices have risen, and as an importing country, France's domestic prices have naturally followed suit. Capitalists also took the opportunity to enrich themselves from the national crisis, and ordinary people became the biggest victims.

If the French army continues to be victorious on the battlefield, it will naturally be able to suppress these contradictions; unfortunately, the French army has been frustrated. The contradictions that were suppressed in the past can no longer be suppressed.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 949: The imaginative Tsarist Government

The British government was in dire straits, not to mention the French government. I have been at a loss for a long time and have no idea how to end it next.

As a party involved, Napoleon IV received more bad news. On the surface, the French army regrouped after a major defeat, but the outside world did not know the heavy price the French army paid for this.

Retreating from a rout is not an easy task. The enemy is not a fool and will definitely take advantage of the opportunity to expand the results. If you want to successfully withdraw, you must survive by docking your tail.

Moreover, those who perform the post-break mission must be elites with high loyalty. If the newly formed troops with a large number of Italians were left behind, they might defect before the battle when the Austrian troops arrived.

Then one million French troops were gone. Killed + wounded + routed + captured, the total strength of the French army was reduced by more than one million, including 300,000 elites.

The troops suffered heavy losses, and countless materials and equipment were lost. In order to retreat as quickly as possible, the French army even had to blow up its own artillery positions.

If supplies are gone, you can continue to buy them, if weapons and equipment are gone, you can still rebuild them, and if you lose troops, you can replenish them, but time does not allow for it.

This battle had just ended, the Turin offensive and defensive battle had already begun, and the Battle of Luxembourg also followed, and the French army could only respond passively.

Army Minister Lusquinia: "Your Majesty, the Spanish launched an attack on the Roussillon area yesterday morning. After the bloody battle of the frontline soldiers, they finally defeated the enemy in the evening." Napoleon IV was not happy about this victory rare. stand up. Obviously, affected by the defeat of the French army, the Spaniards could no longer sit still.

Regardless of the strength of the Spaniards, France has added another front anyway, and the military pressure will become greater.

Seeing that the Minister of War was hesitant to speak, Napoleon IV felt cold in his heart and said with a bitter smile: "Go on, where was the defeat? I can bear it. Now that we have reached this point, no matter how bad it can be, it can't be any worse." Go?" Despair, this is the truest portrayal of Napoleon IV's heart now. A series of defeats on the battlefield and a complete defeat in diplomacy all undermined Napoleon IV's confidence.

Watching the anti-French alliance grow day by day, the only ally is wavering at this time. This kind of despair is incomprehensible to others.

Luskinia said slowly: "Austria and Switzerland formed a coalition and launched an attack on us. Burgundy, Auvergne and other regions in the east became battlefields.

The enemy is coming fiercely, and we have a serious shortage of troops deployed in the east...

Before Luskinia could finish what he said, Napoleon IV interrupted: "I know, your Army Ministry will take care of it yourself!" Napoleon IV had heard too many words like difficulty and trouble recently. Already tired of it. It's okay if it can be solved. What I'm most afraid of is the kind of problem that cannot be solved, but he has to solve it.

Rather than getting a headache after listening to it, it is better not to listen at all. Anyway, ministers will find ways to solve problems that can be solved by themselves, and only report solutions; for problems that cannot be solved, he is also powerless.

In a sense, Napoleon IV was a good boss. He suffered double military and diplomatic failures, but he did not push his subordinates to take the blame.

Of course, there is no real meaning in pushing out the blame. Although it can relieve political pressure in the short term, it will also make everyone sad and trigger turmoil within the government.

Prime Minister Terence Burkin whispered: "Your Majesty, prepare for armistice negotiations! At this point, we can no longer fight." "Armistice negotiations" also take time. When France had the upper hand earlier, there was naturally The cost of negotiating conditions.

Things are different now. France is at a comprehensive disadvantage in terms of military and diplomacy. If it proposes "armistice negotiations" again, it will be tantamount to "surrender." Terrence Burgin was absolutely unwilling to surrender to his enemies if possible. But there is no way, France really can't fight anymore.

The flames of war have reached the French mainland, and every day the war continues, it will bring a lot of losses to France.

If we don't negotiate with the Anti-French Alliance while we still have a few chips in our hands, and wait until they fight all the way to negotiate terms, it won't be the current price.

After hesitating for a while, Napoleon IV sighed and said slowly: "How to talk about it?" He had no objection to "truce." Napoleon IV did not mind an immediate armistice if possible. The problem is that it is easy to start a war, but difficult to end it.

Other countries may be able to handle it with some benefits, but Germany, Belgium and Austria will definitely not give up. Both sides are already bleeding. It is impossible to negotiate at this time without paying a heavy price.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec replied: "The British agreed to mediate, and the London government made a commitment to ensure the territorial integrity of France as much as possible.

According to the current international situation, after the end of the European War, Austria will It is not in the interests of European countries to completely expand.

At this point, including the Russians, they are our potential allies. Countries did not respond, mainly because the situation changed too quickly and there was a lack of reasonable intervention. Excuses." Well, Karel Kadlec felt like he was running out of ideas. European countries don't want to see Austria becoming the dominant country, but that doesn't mean they want to pull France's weight. These are two different concepts.

In real life, rationality often loses to emotion. After all, people are not machines and are affected by emotions.

At least France's neighbors are affected by emotions. For Spain, Belgium, Switzerland, and several Italian states, regardless of whether Austria will become bigger, it is more important to kill France first.

The so-called long-term interests are all nonsense. History has told everyone that if we don't take the opportunity to kill France, our great enemy, we will not have a good life in the future.

No matter how great the profit is, it is not as important as the safety of one's own home. For a small country, survival is the first priority. Whoever is the boss is the younger brother.

In this context, Austria will not be isolated as long as it does not eat alone. With so many enemies around, France cannot escape until she sheds a layer of skin.

Whether it is self-deception or wishful thinking, the French government needs hope now, a hope that it can escape unscathed.

"Tell the British that we agree to negotiate and are willing to pay the price for this war. The colonies can be abandoned, but the mainland must be intact.

The government should do a good job of appeasing the people. Once the news of the negotiations spreads, it will definitely cause an uproar. France can't stand the trouble anymore.

If necessary, I will abdicate at the right time and take responsibility for this war." After saying that, Napoleon IV seemed to have exhausted all his strength and lay directly on the seat. Ignore everyone.

According to the political rules of the European continent, it is normal to cede territory and pay compensation after defeat. Unfortunately, nationalism has risen. Especially in France, which is a stronghold of nationalism, the people are less tolerant of failure.

In the general understanding of society, colonies are also property, and if they are lost, they are lost, but the mainland cannot be ceded.

The double-edged sword of nationalism crafted by Napoleon finally came back to bite him, and the Bonaparte dynasty faced its greatest challenge.

Only by preserving the integrity of the mainland, Napoleon IV taking the initiative to abdicate and taking responsibility, and alleviating the anger of the people, can the Bonaparte dynasty have a glimmer of hope.

...

In St. Petersburg, affected by the changing situation in Europe, the position of the tsarist government was also affected.

There is no doubt that the Tsarist government will not help the French at this time. Even if someone sees the strategic significance of preserving France, they will not take action at this time.

It has nothing to do with anything else but profit. If a strategic necessity means taking grain from the fire for the French, then why do we need diplomacy?

Marshal Ivanov said enthusiastically: "Your Majesty, the situation of this war has become clear. The French have suffered defeats in the battlefields of Central and Southern Europe, and now there is no way to recover.

Affected by this, the Spanish are also on the border Launched a tentative attack. Coupled with the Swiss battlefield just opened by the Allies, the French are actually fighting on four fronts.

If nothing unexpected happens, the French will be defeated within the next six months, and now it is our turn to take action. " The plan did not change quickly. Originally, the Tsarist government was prepared to declare no war and sit back and watch France and Austria fight. It's a pity that the French are not very effective, and they showed their defeat at the beginning.

Since the plan to consume Austria's strength could not be completed, the tsarist government naturally had to consider how to maximize its interests.

Picking peaches is a must, even if you can't get the biggest one, you still have to get the second biggest one.

If we do not send troops at all, the Russian Empire will lose its right to speak when the benefits are distributed after the war.

Although Austria promised that the Russian Empire could share 20% of the war reparations, it was not that simple to fulfill its promise.

Just a piece of paper and you want the French to pay for it? Stop dreaming, the Tsarist government has experience in defaulting on its debts, and will not give you money as long as its fists are big enough.

Without the support of the anti-French alliance, the Russian Empire alone would not have the ability to collect debts from the French.

This is still an ideal state. If Austria, regardless of appearance, takes a few younger brothers and directly divides France, without even a penny of compensation being paid, the Tsarist government will be in tragedy.

In a sense, sending troops to join the war at this time was not only to attack France, but also to protect France.

Strength is the right to speak. Only when the Russian army appears in the French mainland and disposes of France after the war, will the tsarist government have enough say.

Whether it was due to strategic needs or to obtain sufficient war reparations, the tsarist government needed to preserve the vitality of France. After all, only big countries can come up with money.

Alexander III hesitated. The situation changed too quickly, which was a bit unacceptable. I just decided to watch the show last month, but I didn't expect that we would be sending troops again now.

He asked uncertainly: "Can the French really not survive?" "Yes, Your Majesty! The actual situation may be worse than we expected. After all, two more fronts have been added. In addition, the Italian region is not It's stable, the French government no longer has enough troops to deal with the next war." Ivanov answered affirmatively. This is something that the Russian military has studied carefully. Even the most optimistic people do not think that the French can come back.

Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez suggested: "Your Majesty, if we are worried about the loss of participating in the war, we can actually adopt a roundabout strategy. The British also want to keep France, and our positions are consistent on this issue. It is absolutely possible. Through them, they established a bridge to directly contact the French, and then landed in France from the sea.

For Austria, the most important thing next is to unify the German region and digest the newly occupied French Africa. They will not be here The time has come out of the blue.

As long as we occupy France first, the empire's voice will naturally increase during post-war negotiations." This is a fact. The Vienna government's strategic plan has been made clear. As long as we unify the German region and digest the French In Africa, Austria is the world's most powerful country.

Compared with this, other things are trivial, including weakening France. After all, France in its heyday was capable of defeating France, let alone a semi-crippled France.

After a long silence, Alexander III slowly asked: "How can you guarantee that the French can trust us?

Besides, even if the British can convince the French government to agree, how can they guarantee that this is not a trap?" Trust is a flaw, Now France and Russia are enemies. Just relying on a promise to put one's life in the hands of the enemy is something that no normal person can do.

If the Tsarist government suddenly turns its back after the Russian army enters France, the French government will have no chance to cry.

The same problem existed with the Tsarist government. No matter how good the talks were, it was useless. If the British turned against them midway and the Royal Navy directly sent the Russian troops into the sea to feed the fishes, the Tsarist government would become the laughing stock of the century.

Given the conflicts between Britain and Russia, the London government has every motive to do this.

No matter what others think, Alexander III cannot trust the British anyway. He would not dare to risk hundreds of thousands of Russian troops before the safety of the Russian troops could be ensured.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 950 Cannon Fodder General Mobilization

Franz just laughed at the Russians' magical ideas. In fact, such whimsical plans have always emerged in real life.

Politicians are also human beings, and since they are human beings, they sometimes get confused. Especially when interests are involved, the probability of being confused is even greater.

On the surface, the Russians took the lead in occupying France in the name of their allies. Austria is indeed powerless, but the Vienna government can delay it!

There is no way to forcefully divide France, and there is no way to delay negotiations. If it doesn't work in one year, then two years. If it doesn't work in two years, then three or five years. After a long time, can the Russian army live in peace with the French people?

Austria can just watch the excitement and wait until the Russians withdraw in despair before considering how to deal with France.

If it weren't for the trouble of coordinating the relationship between Britain, France and Russia, and almost no chance of success, Franz would really like to give it a try, and then slowly appreciate the game between the iron fist of the Tsar and French nationalism.

"Give electricity to the troops on the front line so that they can end the war as soon as possible. The soldiers are still waiting to come back for Christmas!" It is only July, and Christmas is almost five months away. It is not difficult to simply defeat the French, but in Time is running out to sign a treaty before Christmas and then withdraw.

Under normal circumstances, such post-war meetings involving the interests of many countries are usually noisy and may drag on for two or three years.

There is no doubt that Franz does not want to drag it out any longer. There are various signs that the Hanoverian government is active again, and there is also the shadow of the British behind it.

You must know that internal enemies are far more terrifying than external enemies. Once these guys persuade the interest groups of various countries, there will be big troubles later.

Franz doesn't want to test human nature. Human nature is the most unreliable in the face of interests. The most important thing is to create established facts as soon as possible and establish the identity of monarch and minister.

With this title, Franz is no longer afraid of these guys making trouble. If you can't change the king below, can't you change the government of the country? If anyone dares to jump out and cause trouble, we will collect dirty information and take him down.

As long as the military, customs, diplomacy, and currency issuance rights of each country are gathered together, and the judiciary, culture and education are unified, no matter how much trouble is made below, there will be no big waves.

Today is different from the past. In order to gather these powers, the governments of several states under Franz fought for more than ten years before they got it bit by bit. Now they can do it in one step.

As for the resistance of state governments, that can be resolved through negotiation. As long as the interests are suitable, there is nothing that cannot be discussed.

Franz was already familiar with these tricks of cheating, bribery, coercion and inducement. Anyway, the core is to win over allies and kill enemies at the same time.

Rather than killing chickens to scare monkeys, sometimes killing monkeys to scare chickens is more effective. The more you dance now, the sooner you will die in the future.

Franz was not worried about anyone making a scene, but what he was most worried about was that these guys were doing nothing. After all, the more you work, the more problems will be exposed.

If there were such a pure and flawless politician, in fact there was nothing Franz could do. After all, the emperor also had to tell the rules of the game.

However, such a person who is dedicated to the public will not become an obstacle to reunification. After all, after experiencing this war, the idea of ​​​​​​unification has been deeply rooted in the hearts of the people.

… With Franz's order, the flames of war started again. Smoke was everywhere from Central Europe to Southern Europe, and there was no longer an inch of pure land.

At the Southern Front Allied Forces Command, representatives from all Italian states have gathered to participate in this conference of great political and military significance.

Since ancient times, the Italian region has been populated by princes, and the situation is second only to the German region in chaos. Now that the reunification of the German region is imminent, the Italian region also needs to be sorted out.

Previously, in order to unite all forces that could be united and for the purpose of winning over Italian nationalists, the Vienna government had not made a public statement on how to deal with the Italian region.

Now that the overall situation has been decided, there is no need to delay it any longer. Whether to form a partnership to form the Kingdom of Italy or to split directly into several states requires a clear conclusion at this time.

In a sense, this meeting was a formality. The big shots who were qualified to attend the meeting were all aware of the Vienna government's intentions.

No one objected. Apart from the fact that their arms could not hold their thighs, the more important reason was the distribution of benefits. It is easy to establish a unified Italian kingdom, but the question is who will lead it?

Let's not talk about the specific distribution of benefits. The ownership of the crown alone is a difficult problem.

Previously, the Italian Independence Organization was dominated by one family. Although the organization was fragmented, it still had a nominal leader, Vittorio Emanuele III.

It's different now. The kings and royal families of all the countries have joined in. No one is nobler than the other. Moreover, these people are all backed by a bunch of interest groups, and no one can give in.

Since we can't reach an agreement, we can only fly solo. They were never unified anyway, so playing separately is no big deal.

It is easy to separate a family, but it is difficult to separate a family and property. There were originally territorial disputes among the Italian states, but due to the French occupation, they have now become a mess.

When the dispute persisted, it was Austria's turn to arbitrate. And because the states had not truly restored their political power, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was unable to directly intervene, so the task of mediating the conflicts between the parties fell to General Morquez.

"The purpose of inviting everyone here today must be clear to everyone. The French are about to be defeated. In order to avoid some unnecessary troubles, the pattern of the post-war Italian region needs to be clarified now. First, the states will regain their independence. A series of tasks such as forming a government and resuming production are all tasks of the new government. What to do specifically will be handled by each state government in the future. What we have to do today is to preliminarily delineate the territorial boundaries of each state. In principle In the above, we mainly focus on historical origins, refer to the contributions made by various countries in the anti-French war, and make a comprehensive consideration.

If you have any requests or suggestions, you can put them forward, and we will discuss them together and strive to come up with a result that satisfies all parties. " "Negotiation" is completely overthinking. The so-called "historical origins" are nothing more than restoring the pre-war territory, with at most some minor changes, but generally remaining the same. What can really be discussed is the distribution of "contribution". Because everyone is very aware of current affairs and has joined the anti-French alliance, the Vienna government cannot allocate the territory of a certain state to another.

Therefore, the part of the land that needs to be allocated can only be obtained by the French. Some kind of In a sense, this gathering is also a preview of the post-war spoils-sharing meeting.

The most important reason why Morkes chose to hold the meeting at this time is that the offensive and defensive battle of Turin is about to begin. Without some profit stimulation, except for the Kingdom of Sardinia, , the Italians in other countries are not enthusiastic enough!

Seizing the territory of the French is definitely exciting news for the Italians who have suffered from French rule. As for the partition of France, Austria took the opportunity to become bigger This is not a problem that everyone should be concerned about.

As an enemy, the Italians naturally hope that France will be as weak as possible. It is best to divide it directly.

Vittorio Emanuele III suggested: " Your Excellency, Commander, the conflict between our families is not very controversial. The key point of the conflict is to drive away the French.

Since 1870, the French have been tyrannizing the Italian region, and we have the right to claim damages from the French government.

As long as the French pay enough to make up for the losses of all our parties, the little dispute we have can be easily resolved.

In order to drive away the French as soon as possible, we in the Kingdom of Sardinia are willing to do our best. Three hundred thousand Sardinian soldiers are now ready to attack the enemy at any time. " Among the Italian states, only the Kingdom of Sardinia is directly bordering France and is under the greatest military pressure. On the contrary, once France is divided, the Kingdom of Sardinia will also be the biggest beneficiary. After clarifying Austria's intentions, Vittorio E. Manuele III will naturally cooperate. Especially since the capital of Sardinia will be recovered next, they are even more responsible.

Morquez smiled slightly: "Very good, the next offensive and defensive battle of Turin will be left to you.

On behalf of the Austrian government, I make a commitment here that after the war, everyone will receive at least 30,000 square kilometers of territorial compensation and a large amount of war reparations.

However, these lands and compensations will only be distributed to states and individuals who have made contributions.

You don't have to worry about the difficulty of enclave governance. If it is allocated to a state, we will be responsible for coordinating the territorial exchange; if it is allocated to an individual, it will be allowed to establish an independent country, and Austria will provide security protection. " After glancing at everyone's performance, there was no fanaticism, and Morquez was a little disappointed.

It's right to think about it. He has just suffered a severe beating from society, and it is the time when he most desires a strong country. People with insight want to unify the Italian region. , who would be so stubborn that they would run out and establish an independent country. Not to mention these soft-footed aristocrats in Italy, even the military aristocrats in Austria, I have not heard of anyone who wants to establish an independent country in so many years.

It's not that everyone doesn't want to be the boss, the problem is This is no longer the Middle Ages, and the era of village chiefs calling themselves kings has long passed.

In this world that emphasizes legality and bloodline, it is not possible to become a grass-headed king with a gun. Without the support of the subjects, establishing an independent country is courting death.

Unless you yourself They are members of the royal family who have the legal right to inherit the throne and have the support of the local people. Otherwise, even if all the powers support it, they will not be able to secure the throne.

From this point of view, Morkes' personal promise is "mirror" "The flower in the middle, the moon in the water" can be seen but cannot be touched.

Those who can really gain something are the countries. Except for the Kingdom of Sardinia, where the king himself participated, the rest are just representatives. Since they are working, don't get excited It's normal.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 951 The Earliest Radio

Outside the city of Turin, hundreds of heavy artillery pieces had gathered at this moment. The smallest artillery among them has a caliber exceeding 150mm. Coupled with a barrel that is as short as a few meters and as long as ten or twenty meters, the power can be imagined.

In particular, the two giant cannons are the most special. Whether it is the 24.7-meter-long barrel, the 380mm caliber, and the 600kg shells, they become the brightest cubs on the field.

There is no doubt that these powerful artillery have one common characteristic - inconvenience. Not only is it troublesome to transport, it is also troublesome to operate.

However, compared with the power of the artillery, these small flaws are not worth mentioning. After all, these artillery pieces themselves were not prepared for the army. Their real mission was to serve as coastal defense artillery.

In order to capture Turin as soon as possible, Morquez brought these big guys over to deal with the French fortresses.

"Fire!" Following the commander's order, the roaring sound of artillery fire sounded again. But this time it was different. Along with the sound of gunfire, there was also the sound of collapsing buildings.

Time is still too hasty, and it is still too difficult to build a fortress city in just a few months.

Maybe it was to meet the construction deadline; maybe it was because the Italian workers were uncooperative and added materials during construction, or maybe it was a combination of both.

After all, when the war broke out, the French government was quite optimistic and did not believe that Turin would be threatened by war. Reinforcing city defenses and building fortresses are themselves ways for bureaucrats to make money.

Against this background, we naturally cannot expect capitalists to be morally responsible. Anyway, if the French army wins, Turin does not need to suffer the war; if the French army loses, the government will not be able to protect itself, and no one will be held accountable.

It's okay to cut corners, but the people responsible for the construction are still Italians. If they don't cause sabotage, it will be a disgrace to the independent organization's propaganda.

By the time the frontline battle failed and the military began to pay attention to city defenses, it was already a done deal, and the people below could only bite the bullet and cover the lid tightly.

Perfect city fortifications cannot withstand the attack of giant artillery, let alone shoddy construction done in a hurry. Especially those hit by the 600kg special giant bomb are basically in ruins.

When the French army headquarters heard the loud noise of the building collapsing, Marshal Adrian, who was personally taking command, hurriedly asked: "Send someone to see what happened outside?" After a while, the attendant replied: " Marshal, the enemy used heavy artillery. The buildings in the city could not withstand the attack and collapsed, including some of the fortresses." It was obvious that the young officer had tried his best to avoid the important and take the easy, but the final result was still unacceptable to Marshal Adrian.

If a building collapses, it will collapse. After all, ordinary buildings themselves are not bulletproof and cannot withstand enemy artillery fire. It is expected.

The "fortifications" were different. This was Marshal Adrian's weapon to make the Austrians bleed dry, but the result was that the plan ended before it even started.

After all, siege warfare is different from other battles. The Austrian army does not need to take care of all the city defenses, they only need to tear open a hole and rush in.

According to the prior plan, the French army was prepared to use these fortresses to delay for at least a month and consume a large amount of enemy troops.

Judging from the current situation, let alone a month, there is a question mark whether it can survive until tomorrow.

After looking at the map, Marshal Adrian sighed helplessly: "Send the order and order all the troops to enter street fighting mode in advance. At the same time, send people to investigate the cause of the collapse of the fortifications." The plan did not change quickly, and the city defenses did not meet expectations. For the purpose of delaying time like this, the street fighting can only start in advance.

War affects the whole body. The early start of street fighting also means that the street fighting will end early. Millions of French troops could not stop the enemy. Marshal Adrian did not think that a city of Turin could defy the odds.

Anyone with a discerning eye knows that as the war progresses, it is only a matter of time before France is defeated, and Adrian also has no confidence in winning the war.

Choosing to stick to Turin, in addition to strategic needs, is more importantly to delay time. Not only was he delaying time for France, he was also delaying time for himself.

Someone always needs to be held responsible for the failure of a war. The emperor and the government alone are definitely not enough. The military also needs someone with weight to take the blame.

No one wants to be known as incompetent and useless, and Marshal Adrian is no exception. The current situation is obvious. Which front will collapse first, and the officer in charge is the first person responsible.

It is not necessary to be able to turn defeat into victory, as long as it lasts longer than the friendly forces can support it. It is best to start negotiations that can support it, and that will be perfect.

As for investigating the reasons for the collapse of the fortress, that is just a matter of routine. The French army also has a complete system. If there is a problem, the cause must be found, and those who should be held accountable must also be held accountable.

...

The essence of war is that some people are happy and others are sad. The French army inside the city is gloomy, and the Allied troops outside the city are naturally happy and excited.

The French had more than one line of defense, but it didn't matter. The outer fortifications couldn't withstand artillery fire, and neither could the rear line of defense.

In modern warfare, the power of "street fighting" has been greatly weakened. Unless it is a specialized fortress city, ordinary cities can be blasted down with artillery fire as long as they can let go of their hands and feet.

Buildings are the best bunkers in street fighting, but unfortunately they are not a powerful weapon against artillery. If they really work, they may not be as effective as trenches.

What is most suitable for street fighting is that either the city itself is designed for war and the buildings have the ability to withstand artillery; or it is because of political needs that the attacking party cannot use their hands freely.

Of course, there are exceptions. For example: the Battle of Stalingrad in the original time and space broke this common sense. Facts have proved that as long as you are willing to sacrifice human lives to fill it up, you can continue to hold on even if the city turns into ruins.

There is no doubt that Turin does not have these. Although Turin's politics, economy, history and culture are of great significance, these things have nothing to do with Austria.

It is estimated that it is impossible to restrain the Italians. After all, driving away the French is the first priority now. As for the damaged buildings, they will be repaired after the war.

The only uncertainty is whether the French army is willing to fill it with human lives. But this is no longer important to the Austrian army, which already has a large amount of cannon fodder.

In order to observe the battlefield closely, Admiral Morquez had already boarded the airship and was currently admiring the artillery's masterpiece with a telescope.

Seeing the fortresses collapsing, Morquez showed a satisfied smile: "Give the Italian Corps power and launch an attack in an hour." Wireless telegraphy was another black technology in the European War. Of course, the practical value of wireless telegraphy these days is not high. It's just that the signal is unstable. The key is that the transmission distance is still very limited.

If it hadn't been for a sudden thought of watching the battle from an airship, wireless telegraphy would not have appeared in the military so early.

The development of radio is lagging behind, which is not unrelated to Franz's attribute of being a bad student. I only know that radio uses electromagnetic waves to transmit signals, but I don't know what electromagnetic waves are.

I was completely confused, so I could only make demands. What exactly is needed to realize wireless power supply? Scientists can only slowly try it out.

Progress proved that many methods were not feasible. It was not until 1883, when a guy named Hertz from the Royal Academy of Sciences discovered electromagnetic waves that the situation changed.

Once the propagation medium was found, radio technology really took off. From the initial communication distance of more than two hundred meters to the current communication distance of one hundred kilometers, it can be said that a qualitative change has occurred.

Unfortunately, this communication distance of one hundred kilometers is only a theoretical communication distance. A series of factors such as obstacles, bad weather, and electromagnetic interference can affect information transmission.

With so many problems existing, the value of radio communication technology is naturally greatly reduced, and its popularization is far away.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 952: Loneliness

In Turin, thick smoke rose up from the roaring gunfire, and the smoke filled the entire city. The eagle flag fluttering in the wind was already broken and tattered, and seemed to fall down in an instant.

There were even dead bodies lying on the ground in the ruins of collapsed buildings. From time to time, the screams of the wounded could be heard, and bleeding wounds could be vaguely seen, but no one stepped forward to pay attention.

The thick smell of blood and sweat mixed with each other filled the air, pungent and unpleasant. The war still continues.

The Italian soldiers outside the city had already charged, undulating like waves, and they let out shouts that shook the world.

This is the cry of the soul. The voices are contagious and encourage each other, eliminating many inexplicable fears in the heart.

In the fortress, Gatlin was still spitting tongues of fire, dragging bullets with a long sound, piercing the clear sky like locusts passing through, and saw soldiers falling to the ground one after another.

However, these hidden firepower did not last long. After the attack was suspended, the artillery shells were quickly released, leaving only ruins.

After the artillery fire, the Italian soldiers in the rear launched another attack. The heart-rending screams, crazy killings, and blazing beacon fires made the soldiers of both armies go crazy, and the war became more and more intense.

On the airship, Morquez had put down his telescope, as if he couldn't bear to look at the scene in front of him.

If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, Morquez would never have believed that the troops fighting below were Italian soldiers.

Although the scene was a bit chaotic and there was obviously a lack of training, the fighting will be shown by the Italians exceeding his expectations.

The heavy casualties did not scare the Italians. In order to seize the position immediately after the artillery fire, many Italian soldiers lay down and lurked directly a hundred meters away.

You must know that there is no high-tech guidance for artillery aiming these days. Even if the coordinates are determined, it is only an approximate location. The hit rate depends entirely on the experience and luck of the artillery. If there is a slight deviation, it is 180 meters. error.

This means that Italian soldiers who do not retreat not only face the threat of enemy artillery fire, but may also be killed by their own artillery.

This desperate spirit is completely different from the legendary Italian army that pretended to be dead and fished on the battlefield.

While being shocked, Morkes also heightened his vigilance against Italy deep in his heart. At this moment, he finally understood why the country was opposed to the unification of Italian regions.

There are so many people who are willing to fight for this country. Once the Italian region is unified, it will not be long before it becomes a middle power again.

For Austria, which has the French Empire to the west and the Russian Empire to the east, there is really no need for another great power in the south to increase military pressure on itself.

Although in the short term, law and will will become the mortal enemy, who can be sure about politics?

After regaining consciousness, Admiral Molk ordered: "There is nothing to see anymore, land back to the headquarters." Austria's goal has been achieved, using the Italians to consume the French troops not only increased the hatred between France and Italy, and also increased the difficulty of Italian unification.

Turin is the capital of the Kingdom of Sardinia. In this battle to recapture the capital, the Sardinian army is bound to be responsible. The main force of the Italian army on the battlefield now is the Kingdom of Sardinia.

The war is cruel. According to the current situation on the battlefield, by the time this battle is over, the 300,000 Sardinian troops will inevitably suffer heavy losses.

The strength of the most powerful states in Italy has been weakened, the power gap between states has narrowed after the war, the Vienna government's regional balancing policy has been realized, and everything is developing for the better.

...

At the French command headquarters, Marshal Adrian asked with a livid face: "Is this the impregnable city fortification you talk about?" Are you going to let the Austrians bleed dry? You are probably planning to let the French boys bleed dry." !" It's not that Marshal Adrian is not strong enough in his heart, it's just that reality is too embarrassing. Under the heavy artillery attack of the Austrian army, the planned city defenses directly became a target.

Since the French army lost a large number of artillery in the previous battle, the Turin defenders lacked sufficient heavy firepower and were unable to launch an artillery counterattack.

Of course, this isn't a big deal. After losing air superiority, the French army was unable to exert its power even if it had enough heavy artillery.

After all, once the artillery position is exposed, it will encounter enemy air strikes. The heavy artillery is difficult to move, and it is impossible to even run when encountering enemy air attacks.

Deployed dispersedly into the fortress, the artillery cluster power cannot be exerted. After all, to attack the city, only a hole is needed. Once any area is broken through and enters street fighting, the artillery that is difficult to move in the city becomes a decoration.

Lieutenant General Tom, who was in charge of the construction of city defenses, hurriedly explained: "Marshal, we did not expect that the enemy's firepower would be so fierce.

Turin's city defenses are already at the top level in the world, mainly due to the intensity of the Prussian-Russian War. Design, no one thought that the enemy would actually..." It is impossible to admit that cutting corners is impossible. This involves a huge network of interests. Once involved, everyone will be unable to bear the consequences.

In this context, it is natural that the designer can only take the blame. Only designers who take responsibility can solve this problem.

Before Tom could finish speaking, Marshal Adrian interrupted: "Shut up, I don't want to hear this nonsense. In short, the problem now is: our city defenses are vulnerable and must be solved immediately.

If the city defenses cannot function effect, then the street fighting will begin in advance. Now the forwards are all Italians. Even if we kill more people, Austria will not feel any physical pain. Don't expect the enemy to be afraid. The city of Turin here is not like Austria. Regardless of the relationship, they will not care whether the people in the city live or die." In fact, before the Battle of Turin began, the French army had considered the issue of transferring people, but there was widespread opposition from the people.

From France's standpoint, Turin is its own territory, and the Italians need to work hard, so the French army cannot go too far.

Moreover, moving people is easy to say, but it cannot be completed in a day or two. The defenders simply do not have that much time.

Everything has two sides. A large number of civilians staying in the city will not only increase the logistical pressure on the defenders, but also make the enemy take advantage of them. After all, this is the European continent, and no one wants to bear the reputation of massacring civilians.

However, the reality is very disappointing. Judging from the enemy's reckless use of artillery to attack the city, Marshal Adrian knew that he had made a miscalculation.

Today is different from the past. Before the outbreak of the European War, Austria was only one of the European powers, so it was natural to pay attention to the reaction of the European world.

But it's different now. Once France is defeated, Austria will be the only one. As the overlord of the European continent, some rumors are no longer a threat.

What's more, the main force attacking the city is the Sardinian National Independence Army. For political needs, the future Sardinian government also stepped forward to endorse Austria and put the blame on the French army.

After hesitating for a moment, Tom said fiercely: "Marshal, since Austria uses Italians as cannon fodder, then we can use cannon fodder against cannon fodder.

Arm the young men in the city, threaten their families with house arrest, and force them to participate. Defend the city." Forced recruitment of strong men is not a new tactic, it has happened frequently in history. However, with the advent of the era of hot weapons, everyone found that the strong men recruited temporarily were of no use.

Coupled with the rise of liberalism, the cost of forcibly recruiting young men is getting higher and higher, and it is easy to lose people's support. As the population increases, countries no longer lack soldiers, so the forced recruitment of young men gradually decreases.

Tom dared to make this suggestion, which was certainly not without purpose. France has never had the popular sentiment here, so it cannot be said to have lost it.

Judging from the current situation, the French army will definitely not be able to stay in Italy for long. The contradiction between France and Italy has been deeply buried, and there will definitely be long-term confrontation after the war. Now forcing the Italians to go to the battlefield is equivalent to weakening the enemy's strength in advance and reducing the pressure on France after the war.

After a while, Marshal Adrian shook his head: "It's useless, the Italians won't be so obedient.

Even if we arrest their family members and threaten them to go to the battlefield, these guys will still be able to cause trouble.

Think about us The Italian soldiers recruited before knew that they were more like outings than fighting.

The most important thing is that the law does not punish the masses. Even if we develop their passiveness and sabotage, it is impossible to really deal with all their families. .

At this point, we must consider the post-war period. The country is trying to find ways to contact the anti-French alliance. We cannot provide the enemy with excuses and increase the difficulty of negotiations." Negotiating if you can't win is a tradition in the European world. The secret contacts between the French government and the anti-French alliance were originally an open secret among senior military officers.

Adrian has now punctured the window paper. In fact, he is completely despairing of this war. After all, the enemy troops have entered the hinterland of France from Switzerland.

The atmosphere in the room suddenly fell silent, Lieutenant General Tom sighed: "If it doesn't work, then we can only let the boys risk their lives.

With our military strength, it is not difficult to sustain it for a period of time. But there are no casualties. The method is under control." It can be seen that Lieutenant General Tom is not just showing off, he is really worried about the fate of France.

Making money is money. As a member of a vested interest group, his interests have long been tied to France.

The shoddy project is not entirely his responsibility. From the beginning, Turin's fortifications were built just to make money, without any consideration of being attacked by the enemy.

What's more, the European War broke out so suddenly. Building materials must be supplied to the front line first. If we really want to build genuine city defenses for Turin, there will be no time.

Recommended book "What to do if you accidentally come to ancient times" Legend has it that ancient humans were extremely powerful. Legend has it that ancient beasts can turn rivers upside down. According to legend, ancient mythological figures flew into the sky and escaped from the earth, and were omnipotent. Are these all true? What should I do if I accidentally come to ancient times? Wilderness survival anchor Zhao Hao encountered this problem! ========================= This book is also called "Secrets of Ancient Times". The book will unlock the secrets behind many ancient legends, such as (this chapter over)


Chapter 953 "Message to the French National"

The offensive and defensive battle in Turin has reached its most intense moment, and a new round of Central-Europe war has also begun.

Unlike the battle in the original time and space, the French did not have fortifications to rely on this time. In order to create conditions for the counterattack, the coalition forces destroyed the fortifications along the way when they evacuated, including the famous Liege Fortress and Muir Fortress, both of which are now in ruins.

The arrogant French may not have considered failure. After occupying these areas, they did not organize manpower to repair the fortifications at all.

Of course, this does not mean that Marshal Patrice McMahon was negligent. After all, the local people have been expelled and production has stopped long ago.

To repair these damaged fortresses, raw materials and labor must be deployed from within the country, which is an impossible task.

In order to ensure the logistics of the frontline combat troops, the French government has done its best and has no spare manpower or material resources to repair the fortress.

There were no fortifications available. After the failure of the last Central European battle, the French army was forced to follow the example of the coalition forces digging trenches and building simple temporary defense lines.

French Army Command, Marshal Patrice McMahon: "When will the latest batch of artillery and machine guns arrive?" No one dares to believe it. The awesome French Empire is fighting on its doorstep. , there will actually be insufficient weapons and equipment.

However, this is the truth. Both the artillery and the Gatling are too bulky. After the failure of the last battle, the French army had no choice but to give up in order to transfer troops as quickly as possible.

No matter how great a family is, it cannot afford to be ruined. Having lost thousands of artillery pieces, thousands of machine guns, hundreds of thousands of rifles, and a massive amount of supplies at one time, the French were unable to replenish them in a short time.

War waits for no one. No matter how difficult it is, weapons and equipment must be replenished as soon as possible.

After the war, the French government immediately emptied its inventory and purchased a batch of second-hand goods from the private sector. Together with the unprocessed retired goods, it barely ensured that the front line had one gun.

Guns can be scraped together, but artillery and machine guns cannot be replenished immediately. In addition to ordering arsenals to work overtime, the French government is also actively purchasing from abroad.

However, water from afar cannot quench the thirst of those near you. Less than a month had passed since the last battle, and the enemy was preparing to attack again.

The middle-aged officer replied in a deep voice: "Marshal, I have just received the news. The enemy has launched attacks on our mainland from Spain and Switzerland. The weapons and equipment originally allocated to us have been temporarily requisitioned." After hearing the news, everyone present The expressions are different. Some people were terrified, while others were secretly grateful.

For France, adding two fronts is a disaster; but for everyone present, this is undoubtedly good news.

As the saying goes, a dead Taoist friend is not a poor Taoist. This war is going to be lost anyway, so naturally you have to think about yourself.

There are two more fronts, which also means two more potential scapegoats. Whoever is responsible for the front that collapses first will be the scapegoat for France's defeat.

Although the Central European theater bears the greatest military pressure, they are also the most powerful. On the contrary, the newly added defenders on the two fronts are a group of new recruits and are the easiest to break through.

Marshal Patrice McMahon frowned: "Are there no more reinforcements?" The The middle-aged officer nodded helplessly. When the words came to his lips, he couldn't say the word "yes".

After getting this answer, the old Marshal Patrice McMahon couldn't stand the stimulation and passed out gorgeously.

...

At the Allied Forces Command, Albrecht was still worrying about the trenches against the French, and he did not expect that the biggest enemy was now lying down.

Friedrich: "Marshal, according to the information from the Air Force, the enemy has adopted double trenches, one trench is wide and the other is narrow. The wide trench is in the front, which is five or six meters wide. The staff department has calculated that it looks like this The armored troops cannot pass through the wide area. If they accidentally fall in, they will become the target of the enemy. There is another ordinary trench about ten or twenty meters away. Even if we send infantry to fill the trench, the enemy will also consider entering it.

Moreover, such a trench is also More than one. Theoretically, if the French plan is completed, if we want to penetrate France, we will have to tear through at least hundreds of such trenches. If we attack from the front, our losses will be very heavy.

The only good news is that the enemy has prepared The time is too short. As long as our speed is fast enough, the enemy will not have time to complete the trench construction.

I propose to launch an all-out attack immediately. First use artillery shells to wash the ground, and then the infantry and armored forces will press up. The tanks will be used as mobile forts to cover the infantry to fill the soil. .

When necessary, the Air Force can carry out targeted bombing. Blast one place after another, tear a hole a hundred meters away, and let the armored troops pass through. The situation is determined." In the era of pure manpower, trenches were not easy to dig. One labor force can only dig so many square meters of soil every day, so unlimited trench tactics are impossible to achieve.

This means that as long as the coalition forces are willing to pay the price, they can rush through. The armored forces themselves are suitable for roundabout insertion, and once they appear behind the enemy's rear, everything will be done.

Ci is not in charge of the troops, and when it comes time to risk his life, Albrecht will naturally not be vague: "Well, order all the troops to prepare and launch a full-scale attack in two days." ...

In the Palace of Vienna, the European Continental War is about to begin. After deciding the outcome, Franz suddenly received a request from the Russians to use the passage to send troops. Franz rubbed his forehead helplessly.

I have to admit that a furry bear is a furry bear. When he sees an advantage, he immediately pounces on it.

If it were just to send troops through the tunnel, the tsarist government would not have to put in so much effort and could just send troops directly. Anyway, Austria would not block any military action against the French.

There is no doubt that the Tsarist government chose to consult with Austria for its own reasons. In addition to the distribution of post-war benefits, the Russians also wanted the Vienna government to bear the military expenses of the Russian army.

The labor expedition was inherently expensive. With the financial resources of the tsarist government, if supplies were transported from the mainland, it would probably only be able to maintain one division of troops at most.

The small amount of troops invested in the European battlefield is like giving it away. Not to mention fighting for the right to say in the distribution of post-war benefits, the whole army may be annihilated when they encounter the French.

If you don't have money, you can only reach out to your allies. And this is not a loan. The tsarist government will not recognize these military expenditures. At most, they will be recorded in the accounts of the French.

This is what Franz is struggling with. According to the current pace, the French will definitely bear huge compensation after the war, which is destined to be unaffordable. No matter how much war reparations you strive for, it is useless if you cannot get them.

Today is different from the past. If the time were pushed forward a month or two, Franz would naturally not mind spending a sum of money to lure the Russians into the water. But it's different now. The French are gone, and it's unknown whether they can hold out until the Russian army reaches the front line.

If the Russian army was still on the way, or if it happened to arrive at the front line at the last moment of the war, Austria would have suffered a huge loss, not only paying a lot of money in vain, but also increasing the Russians' say in post-war negotiations. .

Franz was also in a dilemma when he wanted to refuse. Despite the huge momentum of the Anti-French Alliance, in fact 99% of the Anti-French Alliance's military expenditures were borne by the Austrian family.

Including Spain and Switzerland, which were the last to join the war, they were fighting with Austrian money, otherwise they would not be so efficient.

The Russians now also want the treatment that other allies have. Even for the sake of Russian-Austrian friendship, Austria cannot treat it differently.

"The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs is holding off for now. If it can't be delayed any longer, we will agree to it.

However, we need to set up prerequisites. The troops must be sent out immediately. The Russian troops will arrive in Austria within three days after the agreement is reached, and we will send special trains to transport them. Go to the front line.

Order the troops on the front line to speed up and strive for a quick victory. At this point, it is time to take advantage of the situation." Without a better way, Franz could only resort to the drag-out decision. If France can be killed before the Russians send troops, then the post-war negotiations will have nothing to do with the Tsarist government.

Without making any substantial contribution, just being able to pay a small amount of compensation is enough to prove that Austria is a good friend and has no right to share its voice.

If this is not possible, then we can only settle for the next best thing and use the Russian army as cannon fodder to reduce our own casualties to make up for the loss of interests.

Prime Minister Karl: "Your Majesty, as the war has progressed so far, everyone with a discerning eye knows that France is doomed. The French government has also expressed its intention to peace talks to us through the British. It is time to carry out political persuasion to surrender.

If the war can be ended through political means, the Russians will no longer want to It is impossible to interfere in European affairs." In a big circle, the issue returned to European hegemony. The right to speak about France after the war was also the establishment of Austria's European hegemony.

The Russians are eager to participate. In addition to competing for spoils, they are also competing for the right to speak on the European continent.

Austria's hegemony cannot be shaken, so taking a share of the pie is also a good choice. The tsarist government does not want to completely abandon the European continent.

After hesitating for a moment, Franz shook his head firmly: "The British cannot mediate this time, and they cannot even participate in post-war negotiations. We only accept the unconditional surrender of the French.

This is a matter of principle. It was not easy. We have just pushed the British out of the European continent, and we cannot let them come back again.

The problem of persuading France to surrender is simple. This is the "Message to the French People" I prepared. Just publish it.

Secretly release the news and let the French gang The profit-seeking capitalists know that if they do not surrender, the coalition forces will confiscate all their property after entering Paris." In Franz's view, in addition to defeating the French, the second greatest strategic significance of this European war is to defeat the British in European influence was squeezed out.

Looking around Europe, everything is within the sphere of influence of the Anti-French Alliance. However, the British are still allies of the French. Austria legitimately demands that its allies sever ties with the British.

Neutral countries are no exception. One of the conditions for their neutrality is to cut themselves off from the British politically.

Refusal was impossible, the British offended too many people. The Russians were in favor of this issue with both hands. In addition, everyone was already dissatisfied with John Bull's previous behavior of selling his younger brother, so they agreed smoothly.

Although this cut was not complete, cracks still occurred. As long as Austria continues its efforts, it will not be a dream to exclude the British from the European continent.

In this context, Franz naturally could not let the British come out to increase their presence.

After taking the "Message to the French National" and scanning it briefly, Prime Minister Karl asked hesitantly: "Your Majesty, is the content in this article a bit exaggerated?" Exaggeration is inevitable. There is always someone responsible for the failure of a war, and this person cannot be the emperor. In the same way, Franz, a monarchy, could not guillotine Napoleon IV.

Neither can the nobility. The nobility is one of the pillars of imperial power and cannot be ruined by such a trick.

Apart from nobles and emperors, there are not many people who are qualified to take the blame. Therefore, the blame can only be placed on the heads of the capitalists. Anyway, this is not an injustice. The bourgeoisie is indeed one of the driving forces behind this war.

No snowflake is innocent under an avalanche. If we really trace the origin, then everyone from Napoleon IV to the ordinary French people are responsible for this war.

What Franz is doing now is just helping them find a scapegoat. By the way, the blame of the scapegoat is exaggerated and the responsibility of other groups is downplayed.

"It doesn't matter, anyway, the contents here are all true and all can withstand scrutiny. I just used a magnifying glass to magnify some of the people's problems.

Next, as long as we provide guidance and give reminders at appropriate times, someone will do the rest for us. " Conspiracies to provoke wars, hoarding, driving up prices, and reselling strategic materials...

these are all real events and are proper bourgeois black history. Politicians may understand that these things cannot be accomplished without the cooperation of capitalists alone. But ordinary people will not think so much, and will directly charge this account to the bourgeois consortium.

You know, you know, but you don't need to expect anyone to stand up for the capitalists. When the disaster is approaching and everyone is running away, it is too late to shift the blame, who will take the initiative Taking responsibility for themselves?

If nothing else happens, the bureaucrats, aristocrats, and even Napoleon IV himself in the French government will shift the responsibility to the domestic bourgeois consortium. The French consortium is not weak, for sure. He will not sit still and wait for death. Once he realizes the danger, he will definitely take action.

This is a conspiracy. Even if all parties know it, they can only go ahead with it. Especially for Napoleon IV and the top government officials, there is such a Only with the existence of a scapegoat can they have a chance to escape.

The final victory or defeat is no longer important. France cannot withstand the torment now, and the result of internal fighting will inevitably be premature collapse.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 954 Adding insult to injury

After entering 1891, the people of Paris no longer had a comfortable life. On the one hand, the material life is becoming increasingly poor, and on the other hand, the rising prices are making ordinary people miserable.

If the front line can continue to win and live a few days of hardship in a short period of time, everyone will accept it. Unfortunately, the French army's luck seemed to have run out last year, and there has been constant bad news since the beginning of the year.

With the loss of air superiority, Paris became unsafe. Especially since August, the Austrian Air Force comes here for a walk almost every day.

The hit rate of high-altitude bombing depends entirely on luck. The direct losses caused by enemy air strikes are not significant, and the military threat to France is limited. However, the negative impact it brings makes the Paris government miserable.

The more uncertain something is, the more likely it is to cause panic. No matter how low the hit rate of the enemy's air force is, people will still die once they are caught up.

For the sake of their own lives, except for the politicians who could not escape, the Parisian people with a little wealth all took refuge in the country manor.

The rich people ran away, and the economy of Paris naturally became depressed. If the war had not taken up a large amount of labor, the French government would probably still be worried about unemployment.

At the Palace of Versailles, Napoleon IV has moved out of the basement and resumed normal operations. There is no other reason than that I am not afraid of death.

Well, the truth is that after long observation, Napoleon IV discovered that the enemy air force deliberately avoided bombing the palace. Even the air raid on the palace was mostly intimidating.

It's right to think about it. If there is no deep hatred in the European continent, few people will kill the monarch.

Although the Bonaparte dynasty had some grievances with the Habsburg dynasty, they were not at a life-or-death level. Franz, who cherished feathers, naturally did not want to bear the notoriety of regicide for this.

Without instructions from above, the combat troops below would naturally not dare to act recklessly. Neither officers nor soldiers could bear the charge of regicide.

Thanks to the protection of Napoleon IV, Versailles and the surrounding area were fortunate enough to become a safe zone. Even if it was attacked by air strikes, no one would dare to drop bombs.

Not hearing the "Wooooooooo..." air defense siren sounded, Napoleon IV walked out leisurely and looked up at the sky.

Looking at the leaflets falling from the sky, Napoleon IV sighed. Sometimes he even wants the enemy to drop bombs and send him to meet God in advance.

There is no way, the emperor is too tired. However, his family responsibilities prevented him from retreating, and he could only bear the pressure no matter how great it was. If he really died in an enemy air strike, it would be a relief .

If nothing else, at least the Bonaparte dynasty escaped intact. The dead are the easiest to win sympathy points, especially those who died tragically and miserably.

No matter how hard the people below shirk the blame, it is impossible for the eldest prince to take responsibility. Even out of political necessity, Austria would support the Bonaparte dynasty to stabilize the situation.

Napoleon IV was deeply moved when he caught a small piece of paper falling from the sky. The title was "A Letter to the French People". Looking at the content of the accusation against capitalists and consortia, Napoleon IV was deeply moved.

Without the promotion of these interest groups, this European War would not have broken out at all. At least Napoleon IV himself was initially opposed to this war.

It's just that individuals cannot go against the general trend, and France is forced to tie itself to the chariot of capital and embark on a road of no return.

It doesn't matter if they start a war, the key is that these guys drop the ball in the middle. In order to seek huge profits, they did everything possible, which not only affected the frontline operations, but also caused complaints among the people at home.

If it weren't for these hindrances, even if France were to lose, it wouldn't lose so quickly.

"Your Majesty, the Prime Minister and the others are here." The maid's voice pulled Napoleon IV out of his fantasy. Those who hold back people exist in every country, and France is not an isolated case. Now it was only because France was about to be defeated that the problem became apparent.

"Bring them here!" Napoleon IV said calmly.

Since it was determined that the area around the palace was a safe zone, the offices of the French government have been moved here. It also facilitates communication between various departments, and even phone bills can be saved.

...

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec: "Your Majesty, the British rejected our loan application and also announced that future transactions must be paid first." Allies do not exist. If it weren't for the fact that France was still needed in the post-war international situation, the British would probably have added insult to injury long ago.

We didn't add insult to injury earlier, and it's not too late to take action now.

As the war progresses, France's foreign exchange reserves have already bottomed out. Even the reserves for issuing currency have been mortgaged to the British and are currently being held in London.

Cutting off the loan and requiring payment first before delivery was clearly a way of driving France to death.

"What do the British want?" Napoleon IV asked coldly. It was as if all this was expected and did not cause the slightest disturbance.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec: "The British are eyeing our overseas colonies, mainly the Indochina Peninsula. They are worried that these areas will fall into the hands of Austria after the war and threaten the security of the Indian region." There is no political fate . There is no reason to love or hate, only eternal interests. Seeing that France was about to be defeated, the British couldn't help but take advantage of it.

Although Austria's influence did not penetrate deeply into the Indochina Peninsula, the German Federation occupied the Malay Peninsula. After the post-war merger of Germany and Austria, it was inevitable that its influence would extend into the Indochina Peninsula.

If the French Indochina peninsula were to fall into the hands of Austria, the Southeast Asian region would become Austria's dominant power. By then, India will be strategically surrounded on three sides by the Russian-Austrian alliance, and the military pressure it will face will be tremendous.

Napoleon IV sneered: "Now that we know how to worry, why did we go there earlier? If it weren't for the British, we would have broken through the Rhine River long ago, and we would not be in the current situation." Everyone bowed their heads, no one wanted to argue with the emperor on this issue. Even everyone knows that Napoleon IV's words are biased.

The British holding back did affect the French army's combat, but that was not the fundamental reason why the French army could not win. In essence, it was still the huge disparity in strength between the two sides.

If they had really crossed the Rhine, the French army might have suffered an even worse defeat. At least we haven't encountered guerrillas now, and the occupied areas are stable.

After a pause, Napoleon IV added: "Well, it's useless to talk about it now. What price are the British prepared to pay?" The European Continental War was different from the Franco-Prussian War in the original time and space. Austria had a powerful enough navy. It was doomed that France would be unable to maintain its overseas colonies after the war.

In this context, Napoleon IV did not mind selling to the British. What made him unhappy was that the British were adding insult to injury at this time.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec: "Deduct part of our previous debt, plus a batch of material assistance. After conversion, the total value is about 6 million pounds." Hearing this figure, Napoleon IV immediately snapped up table, asking: "Why didn't they grab it?" The French Indochina Peninsula covers an area of ​​nearly 740,000 square kilometers. The local land is fertile and the products are rich. It is a rare treasure land that can bring a lot of wealth to France every year.

Normally, people are rushing to take over this high-quality asset, not to mention a mere 6 million pounds, even if it is 60 million pounds.

The current situation is special, and few companies dare to steal food from the Austrian tiger's mouth, but they will not sell it for as low as 6 million pounds. You must know that the cost for the French government to open up French Indochina was more than 6 million pounds.

However, even for this 6 million pounds, the British are not prepared to pay cash, but will make deductions.

At current prices, 6 million pounds can buy up to 3 million pounds of supplies before the war, which is a huge loss for France.

Prime Minister Terrence Burkin reminded: "Your Majesty, we have no choice now. Even though we know that the British are blackmailing us, we cannot refuse.

After all, it is better for these areas to fall into the hands of the British than to fall into the hands of Austria. Besides, we still need the support of the British for the subsequent aftermath negotiations." The saddest thing in the world is that you can only hand it over when you know that others are robbing it.

Fortunately, after experiencing a series of social beatings, Napoleon IV's spirit has been softened. If it had been left ten years ago, he could have turned against the British directly.

"Tell the British that if you want to get these areas, you must show enough sincerity. Otherwise, we would rather leave Indochina to Austria than let them succeed." Threatening allies with enemies, Napoleon IV also unspeakable trouble. The French Empire, which was inherited from his father, fell into such a state in less than twenty years. This kind of psychological gap is not something ordinary people can bear.

The root cause is simply that the wrong war was launched at the wrong time. Generally speaking, Napoleon IV was still a qualified emperor, but it was a pity that he lost everything with one mistake.

The Italian region is destined to be undefeated; French Africa is also in a cold state, and the defenders in Algeria alone cannot sustain it for long; it seems that French Indochina is also about to change hands, and France's territory has returned to 70 years ago overnight. .

This is not all. Judging from the battles of the anti-French alliance, it is difficult for France to remain intact, and the final result may be even worse than in 1815.

Prime Minister Terrence Burgin: "Your Majesty, rumors have been spreading in Paris in recent days, and those hiding underground have begun to be unwilling to be left alone.

If the situation continues to deteriorate, there may even be a rebellion. The cabinet recommends strengthening public opinion control and combating Guys who spread rumors." This is not the first time that public opinion control has been strengthened. However, the government can control newspapers, but cannot control rumors; it can control the spread of news, but it cannot stop leaflets falling from the sky.

Without any hesitation, Napoleon IV directly handed over the small piece of paper in his hand: "Look, this is a letter from the Austrians to persuade them to surrender. What are you going to do? There is a cartoon on the back, the rich have a lot of fish and meat, and the ordinary people They shed blood and sacrificed on the front line, and endured hunger and hunger.

The above content is basically true and can easily resonate with ordinary people. Once it is taken advantage of by someone with ulterior motives, a turmoil is just around the corner." The truth is often the most heartbreaking, and there is no such thing as You can still pretend to be confused when you lift the lid, but once things are exposed to the sun, the situation will be completely different.

The people's patience is limited, especially when they are hungry. A spark can trigger an unrest.

There are only two paths before everyone. Either stand with the capital consortium and share the anger from the people; or go along with the situation and decisively shift the blame, take the opportunity to eradicate the power of the domestic consortium, and then use their wealth to appease the people.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 955: Professional Black Hand

Since the French army lost on the front line, the internal conflicts in the country have gradually been exposed. Rising commodity prices and the meager income of ordinary people have become irreconcilable social contradictions.

It is impossible to calm prices. In addition to the hoarding of capitalists, rising international prices are also an important factor leading to rising prices in France.

After the outbreak of the European Continental War, France's domestic industrial and agricultural production declined significantly, and a large amount of materials had to be imported to meet the people's basic living needs.

Prices have gone up, but wages have not, and conflicts arise. No matter how good the reasons are for raising prices, the problem is whether people can fill their stomachs.

According to incomplete statistics, in the first half of 1891 alone, the French working class launched 126 strikes, of which 3 strikes involved more than 100,000 people. As a holy land of revolution, demonstrations broke out almost every week in Paris.

Since it has become a powder keg, revolution will inevitably break out. In the past month, the French government has put out four riots.

Anyone with a discerning eye knows that France will inevitably run into problems if things continue like this. The French government has also wanted to take action several times. Unfortunately, it is easy to see the problem but difficult to solve it.

There is no way, the interests are attractive. If the government wants to forcefully stabilize prices, it will inevitably cut off interest groups.

Don't look at the Austrian leaflets that put the blame on capitalists and consortiums, but you might think that it is all the bourgeoisie's fault. If there were no aristocrats and bureaucrats involved, the capitalists would have been dragged out for target shooting long ago if they only relied on their own strength.

No one knows how many people are involved. In short, interest groups colluding with officials and businessmen have become a persistent problem in France.

In order to solve these stubborn problems, the French government has also made a lot of efforts. During the period of Napoleon III, the power of the bourgeois conglomerates was restricted, and by the way, they also won the title of "Socialist Emperor" .

Unfortunately, the previous revolution ruined the government's efforts. While making concessions to the consortium, it also allowed the consortium's tentacles to penetrate into every corner of France.

Today, all walks of life in France are filled with the shadow of consortiums. France has surpassed other European countries and has taken the lead in entering the era of great monopolies.

No monarch likes this kind of uncontrolled power, and Napoleon IV was no exception. The seeds of conflict were planted from the beginning, just waiting to take root and sprout.

The leaflets falling from the sky only highlighted the various contradictions within France and gave a bad idea to solve the problems.

In the evening, the Fürth Manor was brightly lit, and under the cover of the banquet, France's financial emperors were having a secret gathering.

As the number one figure in the financial world, Maxim Sidorov became the host of the meeting. There is no long speech, just the practical information . "Everyone must have felt that since the outbreak of the war, the domestic economic situation has deteriorated sharply, and business has become increasingly difficult.

War bonds cannot be sold, and the British have refused to grant us loans. The government We are already extremely poor.

Even the most lucrative arms trade has become useless now. No one can guarantee that the franc in hand will be currency in the future or a piece of waste paper.

Judging from the current situation, it is possible for us to win the war. There is very little sex. Once France is defeated, we will not be able to survive alone. The purpose of Inviting everyone here today is to discuss countermeasures. Find a way for France, and also find a way for ourselves." People have no money in their pockets, and business is hard to do. It is inevitable. Behind the hoarding, there is also the purpose of capital preservation. After all, the franc is depreciating at a very fast rate.

There was no other way. In order to raise enough funds for the war, the French government had to issue more currency.

In fact, not only France is over-issuing currency, but Austria, as its enemy, is also over-issuing currency.

The capital market is the most sensitive and has its own judgment.

Austria has sufficient gold reserves and is the world's largest gold producer. After the war broke out, it did not purchase materials on a large scale from abroad. The money spent by the government was still recycled within itself.

Coupled with continuous military victories, it is about to become the hegemon of Europe, and the Vienna government is preparing to annex French Africa and the German Confederation. This series of good news is enough to offset the negative effects of excessive currency issuance.

There has been no massive loss of wealth, and the market for Aegis has increased. The current monetary excess is only temporary. Once the new market is integrated, these problems will no longer exist.

The market has confidence, and the value of Aegis will naturally not fall much. In comparison, the franc is a complete tragedy.

Everyone knows that once France is defeated, the Italian regions will become independent and overseas colonies will change hands, and the Franc will naturally withdraw from these regions.

The market has shrunk significantly, but the number of francs issued has not decreased. By then, these currencies will flow back to France, triggering greater inflation.

International capital is not optimistic about it and may not hold francs, but as domestic capital it cannot avoid it and no one present can be immune to it.

In order to fight against greater inflation, everyone has to hold more real assets. Those who used to play finance are now about to become industrial tycoons.

Everyone is crisis-conscious. After holding a large number of real industries, the paper wealth has increased, but the corresponding risks have also increased.

Not to mention anything else, the difficulty of running alone has increased n times. People can leave, but the property cannot be taken away. Even if it is discounted and liquidated, it is useless. If you go out with a pile of francs, you cannot exchange it at all.

Even if someone is prepared in advance and leaves a way out in advance, who would think that there is too much money?

Moreover, everyone thought France would win before, and the preparations for leaving a fallback path were only started in the past few months. There was no time to transfer a large number of assets.

In a sense, everyone present has been passively tied to France. Once the coalition forces come in, everyone will suffer heavy losses.

A middle-aged man sighed and said: "Mr. Maxim, at this point, even if we lend all the money to the government, we cannot win this war.

Since we are destined to be unable to win the war, in order to reduce Unnecessary losses can only be stopped in time.

There is a rumor that everyone has heard. Someone in the anti-French alliance proposed that all our assets should be confiscated after the war to serve as war reparations.

In addition, the leaflets dropped by the Austrians , combined with the consistent style of the Vienna government, I think the chance of this happening is very high.

If we don't want the worst to happen, then we can only end this war through negotiations before we lose all the chips in our hands." My family knows The more I learned about my own affairs, the more despair I felt about this war. The French government is naturally short of money, but what it is short of is not francs.

Everyone must have foreign exchange and gold, but these things are the most precious wealth at the moment, and no one can contribute them.

It is a European practice to negotiate if you can't win. No one is under any pressure. The only thing that gives everyone a headache is the rumor of "confiscating assets." Austria is professional at doing this kind of thing. When the rebellion was suppressed, the Vienna government confiscated the assets of all participants, even if they were only involved.

When the Ottoman Empire was destroyed later, this method was further promoted, and all the assets of everyone in the Ottoman Empire were confiscated.

Given the conflicts between France and Austria, no one can guarantee that Austria will repeat its old tricks and let the past events of the Ottoman Empire happen again in France. After all, France had adopted the same method in Belgium and Germany, and it was not impossible for the anti-French alliance to retaliate.

Maxim Sidorov nodded: "Mr. Roman is right. It is better to believe that this kind of thing happened than to believe that it did not happen. Otherwise, if it really happens, it will be too late to regret it. It is just about ending the war, not just about it. What we can decide. Those idiots in the government are still fantasizing about turning defeat into victory, and are really thinking of ways to push France into the abyss." That's all, Maxim Sidorov never mentioned Austria's provocation from beginning to end. alienate, trying to provoke internal strife in France.

This is a conspiracy. Even though everyone knows it is the enemy's plan, there is no way to reject it.

Someone always has to take responsibility for losing a war. Either let the emperor and the government take the blame, or bear the anger of the people yourself.

If you don't want to be the unlucky guy, everyone must jump out and fight for dominance. And it has to be done quickly. If it's too late, grass will grow on the grave.

"Mr. Maxim, the current situation is very unfavorable to us. If we hadn't been working hard to suppress public opinion, I'm afraid we would have been beaten by everyone.

Without the support of the people, with only our strength, once launched..." No After the old man finished speaking, Maxim Sidorov interrupted: "Your Excellency Sith, you misunderstood. This kind of thing is not our strong point. To directly participate is to be irresponsible for your own life.

People. Hatred of us does not mean that there is no way to use it. Paris is a powder keg now, and it will explode as long as a spark. All we have to do is to provide the spark to detonate the powder keg, and let the revolutionary party do the rest. Done.

By the way, we can also chat with people from the Bourbon and Orleans Dynasties. I believe we will all have a common language." The rebels are too unskilled. This kind of high-risk work is not suitable for them. Such noble men, it is their job to be the mastermind behind the scenes.

Apparently, Maxim Sidorov knew this well. The purpose of gathering everyone is to get everyone to contribute money and effort.

Instead of expecting to lead a group of capitalists to rebel, this task was handed over to a more professional revolutionary party. To ensure nothing goes wrong, he is also preparing to instigate two other royal families.

Recommended book: "Entering the New America", recommended words: In the Age of Discovery, the New Ming Dynasty conquered America...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 956: Rising Storm

With the support of the benefactor father, the French revolutionary movement surged again. The miserable life provides the soil for the spread of revolutionary ideas.

Before the French government could respond, a massive anti-war and anti-hunger movement began in Paris and quickly spread across the country.

If someone observes carefully, they will find an interesting thing: the people who supported the war most at the beginning and the people who are most opposed to the war now are actually the same group of people.

People are still the same people, the only thing that has changed is that many traces of time have been added to our faces. It can be seen that life has not been easy for everyone in the past year or so.

What was originally thought to be a war swept away by the autumn wind turned into a war of attrition of national power. A large number of French young men took to the battlefield, including their relatives.

It would continue be fine if there were continuous victories on the battlefield, but the current result is that the French army to be defeated. The miserable life and worries about their loved ones forced everyone to stand up against the war.

If nothing unexpected happens, after the armistice treaty is signed, it will still be this wave of people who are dissatisfied with the conditions of the cessation and will jump out to demand the punishment of traitors.

It can only be said that the government of Napoleon IV was unlucky and happened to catch up with the most chaotic era of French thought.

Just when the revolutionary movement was surging, a large-scale uprising broke out in Rome on September 1, 1891. Unlike any previous anti-French uprising, the leaders of this uprising became nobles and missionaries.

The wall fell and everyone pushed back. Seeing that the French were about to be doomed, the Italian local powerful faction, which had long been dissatisfied with the French, finally took practical action.

At the beginning of the uprising, they instigated the rebellion of the Italian soldiers in the garrison, and with the cover of the church, the rebels quickly captured the city of Rome.

After the uprising was successful, Pope Leo XIII, as a religious leader, issued the "Declaration of Anti-Aggression" in the Vatican, calling on all Italian people to rise up and expel the French.

After receiving the news, Franz's first reaction was that the climax of the Italian independence movement was coming. Without any hesitation, he immediately ordered his troops to attack south to support Italy's national liberation movement.

...

In the Palace of Versailles, the deteriorating situation finally pushed Napoleon IV to the edge of the cliff, and it was time to make a choice.

Army Minister Luschina: "With the fall of Rome, the situation in Italy has become a foregone conclusion. At present, we do not have enough troops to invest in Italy to clean up the mess. The Ministry of War recommends temporarily abandoning the Italian region, retreating to the Alps, and shrinking our troops to return home for homeland operations." There is no need to continue the defense battle. Including the anxious Turin defense battle, there is no need to continue ." The facts are before our eyes. Italy, which was once the infinite glory of the Great French Empire, has now become a quagmire. Continuing to stay trapped in it has no value except a waste of national power.

From a military perspective, retreating to the Alps is undoubtedly the best choice. France can use the minimum number of troops to ensure the security of the southern front, and then invest the saved troops in other battlefields.

Being the best militarily does not mean being the best politically. In a sense, there is not much difference between France giving up the Italian region and directly admitting defeat.

After losing the Italian region, France's weakness was completely exposed. It is conceivable that the Anti-French Alliance will definitely not give up this opportunity to add insult to injury.

Those countries that had not worked hard and were just making up the numbers will now rush forward and tear off a piece of flesh from France.

You know it, but no one objects. Everyone knows that the question now is no longer whether to abandon the Italian region, but how to deal with the aftermath.

After glancing at everyone, Napoleon IV said slowly: "Well, let's implement the plan of the Ministry of War!

It seems that Austria is preparing to restore those Italian states. You should know what to do next, right?" " Your Majesty. , please rest assured. We will handle it properly and will not leave it to the enemy..." Seeing that Napoleon IV was in a low mood and seemed to be a little impatient, Luskinia's words stopped abruptly.

Needless to say, it goes without saying that it was natural to cause damage. For a long time to come, the restored Italian states would be France's enemies. While there is still a chance, it is natural to weaken these potential enemies.

In a sense, the more severely France is destroyed now, the more reconstruction funds will be needed after the war. Naturally, the Italian states had no money, and the trouble fell on Austria again.

As for France being retaliated against after the war, I'm joking, as if if we don't do it now, the enemy will be merciful.

Since the outbreak of the war, France and Austria have secretly contacted each other several times, but they have not been able to reach an agreement, otherwise the war would have ended long ago.

I really thought that France would be helpless and would not shed tears without seeing the coffin. In fact, it is not that Austria's conditions are too harsh for the Paris government to accept, which is why it has persisted until now.

Then, everyone found out helplessly that the war could not be delayed. As the French army continued to lose on the battlefield, Austria's conditions became more and more harsh, and the bottom line gap between the two sides was huge.

If the Vienna government is willing to make concessions and use the armistice conditions half a year ago, no, even if it uses the cessation conditions three months ago, Napoleon IV will agree to it.

There was no other way. As for the conditions for stopping half a year ago, Austria required France to abandon French Africa, restore Central Europe to the pre-war border lines, and pay certain war reparations.

The French army was not defeated, and most of French Africa was still in the hands of the French army. Naturally, the Paris government could not accept such conditions.

It was different three months ago. French Africa could no longer satisfy Austria's appetite. It not only increased huge war reparations, but also required France to give up the Italian region.

Naturally, the Paris government did not dare to agree to such conditions that were humiliating and humiliating the country. Before the result could be realized, the French army suffered two defeats on the front line, and then Russia, Spain, and Switzerland were also pulled into the battle chariot by Austria.

The conditions for further contact with Austria were even more excessive. Not only did they have the previous conditions, but they also made territorial claims to the French mainland.

And, it's not even half a star. Not only does Austria want to take back the homeland of the HRE, but its surrounding neighbors also want to take a share.

Needless to say, if Napoleon IV dared to agree to this condition of making France smaller, the Palace of Versailles would definitely change its owner.

Prime Minister Terence Burgin: "Your Majesty, those guys seem to have noticed something. They are all reclusive, and some even left Paris. The Revolutionary Party has suddenly become active. Among the many strikes and violence that have occurred recently, They all have the shadow of the Revolutionary Party.

The power of the Revolutionary Party alone is not capable of planning so many actions. There must be other forces behind it.

They are the only ones who have the ability and motivation to do such things. If we don't If we take action, I'm afraid they will take action." It can be seen that Terrence Burgin is very afraid of the consortium, and even uses pronouns when discussing matters.

There is no way. The last politician who publicly advocated suppressing financial groups now has grass growing on his grave.

Napoleon IV is also responsible for this. When he was in power, he was busy seizing power and was used by the consortium. The faction in the government that advocated suppressing the consortium was marginalized.

By the time Napoleon IV reacted, the political forces that advocated suppressing the consortium had collapsed under the consortium's gold and dollar offensive.

There is no way, the integrity of politicians is so high. In the era of Napoleon III, there was a powerful emperor who suppressed them. Politicians who dared to move closer to the financial groups went home to farm. If you want to survive in official circles, you must hate the financial groups.

The saying "one emperor and one minister" may be a bit exaggerated in continental Europe. However, Napoleon IV was not a normal change of imperial power. There was a period of time in which the ministers were regents, and no one in the Bonaparte family controlled the overall situation. A change of power was inevitable after taking office.

The young and vigorous Napoleon IV was far less mature in political skills than he is now, and the Bonaparte dynasty had no powerful figures to assist him, so it was inevitable that others would take advantage of him.

This is somewhat similar to Chongzhen, but he was busy seizing power and forgot to maintain a balance between political factions.

However, Napoleon IV's political skills were still stronger. In the later political struggles, he quietly supported the direct political forces.

If the Great Revolution hadn't broken out midway, he might have slowly destroyed the consortium. After all, consortiums are only formed by capitalists because of their interests. They can also be divided because of their interests, and their cohesion is very poor.

After hesitating for a moment, Napoleon IV nodded: "Get ready to launch! At this point, we can only gamble." (End of Chapter)


Chapter 957 Prologue

: Felt Manor, as the situation in Paris becomes increasingly tense, the atmosphere in the manor also becomes tense.

In the garden, Maxim Sidorov said seriously: "Tom, take your brothers and sisters to London for vacation. We will leave tomorrow. I have already arranged the boat.

" Maxim Sidorov is still a loving father to his own children. Seeing that turmoil was about to break out in France, an escape route had been arranged for them in advance.

The young man asked doubtfully: "What about you guys? Why don't you go together?" There is There is always a shortage of smart people in this world. The strange atmosphere in Paris has already revealed a hint of a storm coming, but usually there is a little bit of trouble. Everyone is looking for a way out.

The rich are looking for ways to go abroad, and the middle-class people with a small fortune are preparing to go to the countryside. Except for a few who had to stay, the rest were either paupers or fools.

There is no doubt that Maxim Sidorov is one of the people who has to stay.

After hesitating for a moment, Maxim Sidorov said insincerely: "No, you go first. The bank's affairs cannot be separated from me. After the handling is completed, my mother and I will come back." The boss is not easy to be a boss. , while sharing the biggest piece of cake, we must also bear corresponding responsibilities.

Now is the critical moment, Maxim Sidorov must stay and take charge of the overall situation. There are too many people staring at him. If he abandons his options and runs away at this moment, he will probably be dead before he even leaves France.

Neither the capitalists nor the government will let him leave.

The consortium's ability to wrestle with the government relies on alliances. If the boss runs away, people's hearts will be scattered, and the torn consortium will be meat on the chopping board.

If the government wants to take action against the consortium, it must first eliminate the leader. It has nothing to do with right or wrong, it is purely a political necessity. Who makes him most famous? Only by taking action on him, the boss , can we truly shock people.

The most important thing is that Maxim Sidorov himself is not willing to run away in such despair. Because once he retreats, the property he has worked for his whole life will be gone.

It's not that Maxim Sidorov has never thought about transferring assets and sharing risks. In fact, every consortium wants to diversify investments and share risks.

However, the reality is cruel. All major consortiums are working on diversifying investments, but no one has really succeeded so far.

There are naturally many reasons. The core reason is that the era of capital globalization has not yet arrived, and local protectionism is prevalent. This cannot be solved with money.

It's okay to start a small business, it's okay to make investments, but it's not okay to take root in the local area. Local snakes can accept the influx of capital, but they will not welcome a dragon crossing the river.

This is impossible in normal times, let alone now. Without the support of national power, the difficulty of developing overseas will naturally increase exponentially.

Tom asked: "Why, we already have a lot of money, there is no need to continue to take risks." "Money", purely looking at paper wealth, Maxim Sidorov is about to become the world's richest man. Of course, this must be calculated in terms of pre-war value.

If France wins, the consortium led by Maxim Sidorov will be the biggest winner of the war.

Taking advantage of this war, they successfully controlled nearly one-third of France's factories, one-half of its mines, and an uncountable amount of land and real estate. It is no exaggeration to say that the whole of France is working for them.

The consortium had a great harvest, and as the leader, Maxim Sidorov naturally got the richest meat. His personal wealth directly exceeds 100 billion francs, which he never dreamed of.

However, this money only exists in theory. The asset is an asset, but there is no way to realize it because there is no one in France to take over.

Seeing that the anti-French alliance is about to attack, the number of assets held will equal the number of risks. Including Maxim Sidorov, French capitalists have been selling their assets crazily in recent times.

Even the most sought-after residences in urban Paris in the past are now being sold at discounted prices without finding buyers, leaving people with no money.

The excessive concentration of wealth has led to intensified social conflicts, and at the same time, the tens of billions of francs in the hands of Maxim Sidorov are no more than waste paper.

There is no way, the things that can be bought with francs are not needed; the things that one wants cannot be bought with francs.

If you carefully observe the bank branches in Paris, an interesting thing will develop. Foreign currencies and gold can be exchanged for francs, but francs cannot be exchanged for foreign currencies.

Before the war, 1 pound was exchanged for 25 francs. Now, 1 pound can be exchanged for 100 francs, and this exchange ratio can continue to be negotiated.

If Maxim Sidorov was given a choice, he would rather exchange his assets of hundreds of billions of francs for 100 million pounds in cash. If that is not possible, 10 to 20 million pounds would be acceptable.

It's a pity that there is no such person to take over. It seems that there are many high-quality assets, but in fact how many can be saved after the war is unknown.

For example: mines and land in Belgium and the Rhineland, as well as factories and real estate in Italy, seem to belong to Maxim Sidorov, but in fact they will definitely have nothing to do with him in the future.

These losses alone were enough to reduce Maxim Sidorov's assets by half. The remaining half is also insecure, and war is the biggest asset killer.

There is no doubt that holding so many assets is definitely not what Maxim Sidorov wants. He is a banker, not an industrialist, so he is naturally not interested in factories and mines with low returns.

Except for a small number of assets that were actively purchased, most of the properties were overdue bank loans and were forced to collect collateral. Mines in Belgium and the Rhineland were all mortgaged to them by the French government.

No matter how unreliable these assets are, at least they are more reliable than the franc, which is depreciating every day. If you can't convert it into foreign exchange or gold, you can only continue to hold it.

"Okay, Tom. Time is running out. It's time to say goodbye to your mother. As for other things, you will gradually understand in the future.

If something happens to me, you have to take on the responsibility of being the head of the family and taking care of me. Good brothers and sisters, raise them up.

This is a list of our overseas assets, which are all handed over to you now. They are basically stocks and real estate. The money is not too much. You have to plan and use it reasonably.

There is no way, those idiots I lost too quickly and disrupted all my plans. I can only prepare so much for you now.

As for the consortium's overseas assets, just pretend you don't know anything. I just hope you can be safe. That's not what you can do. Keep it." Looking at his immature son, Maxim Sidorov regretted so much that he was playful when he was young, so much so that his eldest son is only fifteen years old now.

At such an age, it is simply unrealistic for him to play tricks with a bunch of old foxes.

As for the others, it's a pity that Maxim Sidorov can't believe anyone now because he is used to seeing things like robbery and robbery.

...

The capitalists are looking for a way out, and the nobles are also not idle. Although Europe has a tradition of not killing nobles, revolutions are an exception.

According to past experience, every time there was a revolution, Paris would be decimated. Regardless of whether you are noble or not, you only have one life.

If France did not have three major royal families, but only one Bonaparte dynasty, and the aristocracy stood on the side of the emperor for their own interests, Napoleon IV would have a very good chance of winning this time.

Unfortunately, France now not only has three major royal families, but the Bonaparte dynasty also has the lowest reputation among the nobility among the three major royal families.

If there had not been this continental war, Napoleon IV would have secured his throne, and when the next generation came up, the Bonaparte dynasty would have been able to shed its nouveau riche hat and be truly accepted by the aristocratic group.

Unfortunately, there is no if in reality. In the eyes of the ancient nobles, the Bonaparte dynasty was the source of disaster and would bring endless trouble to France, and they would not support them at all.

The weirder the atmosphere in Paris, the more active the aristocrats who support Bourbon and Orleans become. Many people are ready to follow Napoleon III's example and use the revolution to seize power.

In the Palace of Versailles, Napoleon IV was so angry that he gritted his teeth as he looked at the intelligence gathered, but he was helpless.

The risk of starting a war with the consortium is already very high. If we attack the nobles again, Versailles will really have to change its owner.

In this aristocratic world, the emperor also needs to follow the rules. As long as others do not raise a flag to rebel, the emperor has no reason to attack them.

Putting down the documents, Napoleon IV said fiercely: "Take action immediately. Don't let those guys run away with the wealth of France. If anyone resists, they will be killed on the spot!" Being discovered is inevitable, not everyone will. As cautious as Maxim Sidorov was, not only did he attract attention from the front, but he even arranged for his children to run away with ease.

And some daring guys, while running away, also stormed the bank's vault, trying to run away with the gold and silver.

I'm drunk just thinking about it. It's possible to run away with a few tons of gold. Those guys with hundreds of tons of silver are just looking for death.

Even if it is not discovered by the emperor, such a huge wealth will arouse the greed of customs bureaucrats. Either he was devoured in France, or he was hacked in Britain.

Then, of course, there was no more. If such a big movement could not be detected, Napoleon IV would have been ousted long ago.

This scene is happening on the Paris docks. A luxurious motorcade was intercepted by customs before boarding the ship.

A middle-aged wealthy businessman roared aggressively at the staff: "Why don't you let us board the ship? I have legal procedures. Who gave you the power to seize my goods?

Find your director quickly, I want to complain! I heard you No, I will take off your skin if you are too slow." In recent years, capital has been on the rise in France, and the social status of the rich has been infinitely elevated. Yelling at the staff is just childish. If you encounter someone who is tough, you may even dare to slap him in the face.

Anyway, they have money and are not afraid of lawsuits at all. Even if you win the lawsuit, this kind of civil dispute will only be settled with a loss of money. Most of the time, the compensation is not enough to cover the legal costs.

In this context, not to mention ordinary people, even ordinary government officials have lost their deterrence in the face of capital.

The young man explained helplessly: "I'm very sorry, sir. According to the latest decree issued by the government: In order to combat the outflow of gold and silver, from now on, all gold and silver are prohibited from leaving Hong Kong.

Your procedures were approved before, but now they have been lost. If you have any questions about the legal effect, you can file a complaint with the relevant department.

However, I advise you not to do anything in vain. The official who was previously responsible for the issuance procedures has now been suspended for investigation, and it won't be long before someone comes to question you.

" The young man was about to get angry when an army appeared at the dock. Under the command of the officers, the soldiers directly took over the convoy.

As soon as the middle-aged man stepped forward to argue, he was pushed to the ground by two soldiers walking towards him, without giving him a chance to defend himself.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 958: Civil strife breaks out.

With the large-scale deployment of government troops, it is natural that the secret cannot be kept. In fact, every move of the French government has always been closely watched by the consortium, but no one expected that Napoleon IV would actually overturn the table .

The human heart is complex. "Being lenient to yourself and strict to others" is the norm in society. Although they themselves were planning a coup, everyone was still extremely angry at the emperor's behavior of overturning the table.

There is no need to say that the arrow is on the string and must be fired. With the actions of the government troops, the capitalists who were originally hiding in the rear and controlling the situation were now forced to come to the front.

"Compatriots, take up the weapons in your hands, overthrow the decadent Bonaparte dynasty, end this wrong war, and establish a..." Maxim Sidorov, who was lucky enough to escape, was struggling at the moment. Scalp preached revolutionary theory to the workers and encouraged everyone to participate in the rebellion.

It can be seen that this is a pseudo-revolutionary party that only promotes the overthrow of the Bonaparte dynasty and lacks the theory of overthrowing the bourgeoisie.

There is no other way. We can't expect the capitalists to rise up and revolutionize their own lives, right? Even if you just talk casually, it's easy to betray someone!

Maxim Sidorov deeply felt what is "when a scholar encounters a soldier, it is difficult to explain rationally." No matter how brilliant he talks on stage, the mood of the people below is just not high.

"Revolutionary" ideas are deeply rooted in the hearts of the people, and that is limited to intellectuals. Ordinary people are working hard to have three meals a day and have no time to think about these issues.

The key is that the Bonaparte dynasty has not yet reached the point of anger and resentment. Although bad news continues from the front, most of the wars are fought abroad, and the people of Paris do not feel deeply.

The skyrocketing domestic prices have indeed caused dissatisfaction among everyone. However, in order to stabilize people's hearts, the Paris government also distributed relief grains many times. Although I still don't have enough to eat, at least I won't starve to death !

Many people are nostalgic for the good life in the era of Napoleon III, and the "revolution" did not leave a good impression on the Paris people. The most typical example is that after the last great revolution, everyone's living standards dropped significantly.

Seeing that the moral encouragement method was not effective against the hijacked rebel army, Maxim Sidorov reluctantly announced: "We have captured the police station opposite. Each person will be rewarded with five thousand francs. The first one to rush in will be rewarded." Fifty thousand francs..." Great principles will never be as effective as real money. Although the franc has depreciated significantly, to ordinary people, five thousand francs is still an astronomical sum.

Looking at the resurrected rebel army, Maxim Sidorov no longer had confidence in the prospects of this revolution. Essentially, he didn't want a revolution, he just wanted to replace an obedient government through a coup.

Unexpectedly, the plan did not change quickly. Napoleon IV's sudden action disrupted their plan. The banners that were originally lurking in the government are now prisoners, and even they have fled in a hurry.

If there was no other way, Maxim Sidorov would never go into battle himself and lead a bunch of rabble to make a revolution.

Chaos, all of Paris is in chaos. Facing the butcher knife raised by the government, the capitalists and the revolutionary party fought back, kicking off the revolution.

The sound of gunfire, shouts, and cries echoed throughout the city of Paris. The sky gradually darkened, night fell, and the battle continued.

At midnight, perhaps because everyone was tired from fighting, or perhaps because it was too dark to see, the fighting gradually eased up.

"Mr. Maxim, the car is ready and ready to go at any time." Maxim Sidorov nodded: "Well! Two hours after I left, I notified the revolutionary party to come and take over the army. After completing the task, you You can freely decide whether to continue to participate in subsequent battles." It is impossible to lead a revolution. Maxim Sidorov is not that noble and great, and he has to do it today.

The government has already taken action, and there is no way he can escape without disrupting Paris. Once it falls into the hands of the government, the fate of others is unknown. Anyway, Maxim Sidorov is dead.

As for the great cause of overthrowing the Bonaparte dynasty, it was naturally left to the revolutionary party. It's a good thing that his identity is not revealed now. If everyone knows that he is the boss of the capital vampire, he won't be torn alive.

You know, from the birth of the bourgeoisie, it has been linked to "unscrupulousness". Especially those engaged in finance are among the best.

The world does not revolve around individuals. Without Maxim Sidorov, the civil war in Paris continues.

It's not that the revolutionary army is so powerful, it's that the government army has many concerns. Many times what looks like a war is actually just shooting into the air.

There is no way, French soldiers always sympathize with the revolution. It's okay to let them arrest unscrupulous capitalists, but it's really embarrassing to ask them to shoot ordinary people.

Although most of the soldiers did not work hard, there were still some soldiers loyal to the royal family who worked hard, so generally speaking, the government forces still suppressed the rebels.

...

In the Palace of Versailles, Napoleon IV could not be happy as he watched the government troops gaining victories.

Late at night, Napoleon IV sat quietly in the garden alone, looking at the stars in the sky. It was as if he heard the heart-rending shouts of the ancient city of Paris amid the flames of war.

The plan did not change quickly. Judging from the current situation, Napoleon IV's purge plan obviously failed.

Although he has arrested many important figures in the consortium, confiscated a large amount of property and materials, and severely damaged the bourgeoisie physically, it is a pity that a civil war has made these gains dull.

The Civil War in Paris is just the beginning. It is conceivable that in the coming days, the remaining forces of the consortium will definitely launch a counterattack.

In normal times, Napoleon IV would not have cared about some backlash. He was confident enough to deal with these troubles.

However, it is different now. France is facing the attack of the anti-French alliance. The simultaneous outbreak of internal and external troubles will make France, which is already at a disadvantage on the battlefield, even more unsustainable.

"It's not cruel enough!" "I wish I had done this earlier!" Napoleon IV murmured to himself. He knew he was deceiving himself and that violence would not solve the problem. Even though the power of the consortium has been suppressed now, it will actually rise again soon.

In essence, a consortium is a combination of interests. This group will exist as long as there are interests. Unless the government is strong enough to cut them off from the source.

This is what Napoleon IV envied Franz the most. The Austrian bourgeoisie started late. Before it had time to develop and grow, it encountered a strong emperor, which directly eliminated the possibility of the birth of a large consortium.

Energy and transportation are either in the hands of the government or the royal family, and capitalists who dare to make trouble have been taught how to behave.

The financial world and the real industry have been two parallel lines from the beginning, but anyone who crosses the border or joins a group will immediately encounter a blow from dimensionality reduction.

Not to mention the most stringent inspection, that will definitely happen. Water and power outages occur from time to time, just routine operations; when transporting goods, there must be no trains; purchasing...

In fact, not only Austria, but almost all European countries are restricting the power of the consortium, but Austria does it the most With force, France failed most.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 959 The Last Chip

"The European War is coming to an end, and the Bonaparte Dynasty is finished!" Prime Minister Gladstone immediately came to this conclusion after receiving the news of the outbreak of civil strife in Paris.

Even if Napoleon IV immediately suppresses the rebellion, as long as a fish escapes, the French Empire will be finished.

The power of the bourgeoisie has been severely damaged. If it wants to make a comeback, it must first move the mountain of Napoleon IV.

Relying on the Revolutionary Party not only has a low chance of success, but also carries very high risks. The best way is to let the Anti-French Alliance come in and reshuffle the cards.

The power of the consortium may not be able to control the army, but it can still influence individual officers. After all, the power of money cannot be underestimated anywhere.

Originally, the French army was at an absolute disadvantage on the battlefield. If a few more men appeared, the front line would collapse in a matter of minutes.

There is always a price to pay for losing a war, and ordinary people don't care about so many causes and consequences. An extremely harsh ceasefire treaty can bury the Bonaparte dynasty.

Show mercy? This is obviously impossible. No one can give up the benefits they have gained in order to keep the Bonaparte dynasty on the throne.

In a sense, the current French government is already a political pit. No matter who jumps into it, they will be buried by the post-war armistice treaty.

Putting down the information in his hand, Prime Minister Gladstone sighed and said: "The thing that worries us most has happened. From now on, our continental balance strategy will officially be bankrupt.

France is about to be defeated, and Austria has lost its ability to check and balance its own power. For the empire, we are about to face an unprecedented severe situation. Although Napoleon was rampant back then, we still had an anti-French alliance to rely on; but now, we cannot find allies to form an anti-Austria alliance."   Although he had already thought about it .

Prepare, when this day really comes, Gladstone still can't let go.

Britain can still cope with an enemy that is only militarily powerful; but facing an enemy that is militarily, politically, and diplomatically powerful is beyond their limits.

In order to maintain the balance of the continent, in the middle and late stages of the European War, the London government almost openly supported France. Apart from not sending troops to fight, they did everything else they could and could not do.

The originally carefully planned multinational joint intervention strategy had not had time to be implemented, but the color of the European continent changed. Looking around, they are all flags of the Anti-French Alliance.

Looking at it, even the international is gone, so how can we talk about interference?

Not to mention international mediation, even if Britain went into battle naked, it would not change the fact that France was defeated.

Foreign Secretary George took out a document and said slowly: "Our Ministry of Foreign Affairs must bear the main responsibility for the failure of the European continental balancing policy. As Foreign Secretary, I cannot bear the blame. This is my resignation." No matter how full the management is, when the international situation collapses, someone always needs to be responsible. Others may be able to find ways to escape, but George, as Foreign Secretary, will definitely bear the brunt.

Rather than being ousted, it is better to resign. Anyway, there are only so many responsibilities that politicians need to bear. As for the mess left behind and who will deal with it in the end, it has nothing to do with George.

Upon hearing "resignation", Gladstone's expression changed. If it weren't for the fact that the timing was wrong, Gladstone himself would have wanted to resign and leave this mess to the next person.

But there is no way, the current situation does not allow him to retreat. Neither Congress, nor the Queen, nor his competitors would let him give up at this time.

After taking the document without even looking at it, George's resignation turned into scraps of paper in Gladstone's hands.

"Sir, being a deserter at this time is not a good choice. The defeat of the French was the result of their own perverse behavior. What does it have to do with us? Why should we be responsible for their defeat?

As for the European balance policy, aren't we working on it? ? Without the French, there are still the Russians and Spanish. There are always people to check and balance Austria.

Although they are allies now, this is only based on a common enemy. When the French fall, the allies become Enemy." There was no doubt that Gladstone was preparing to pretend to be confused. The continental balancing policy seems serious, but in fact it is limited to high-level officials. Ordinary people do not pay attention to these issues.

Even though the Gladstone cabinet was often scolded in Congress, their reputation among the people was not low at all.

"The government was incompetent and sat back and watched the French defeat, causing the balance of the European continent to be broken." This was the label given to them by their competitors. It's enough to talk about it in Congress, but it would be a joke if it were brought to the public.

The centuries-old feud between Britain and France is not just talk, but is really reflected in people's lives. In the eyes of the British people, "sitting back and watching France's defeat" is not a crime. If the government is more shameless, it can be publicized among the people as a merit.

As for whether Austria's defeat of France would threaten Britain's hegemony? Wait, isn't it the anti-French alliance that defeated France?

Russia, Austria, Spain, Switzerland, Germany, Belgium, Greece, Black... Almost all the countries in Europe besieged France together. How could Austria be blamed for them all?

Conceptual understanding cannot be changed in a short while. For ordinary British people to realize the threat from Austria, it will not be possible in a short time.

Gladstone now wants to take advantage of the people's cognitive errors, force the government to use the anti-French alliance to kill France, and cover up the fact that the balance of the European continent has been broken.

After hearing Gladstone's explanation, George said with some embarrassment: "Prime Minister, isn't this good? If Austria is not contained..." Before George could finish his words, Finance Minister Xiaoji Childers interrupted forcefully. Said: "Ah, God! Our Sir George still thinks that we have the ability to contain Austria. The world must be crazy!" Although Xiaozhi Childers's expression was a bit exaggerated, what he said was still Gained everyone's approval.

Britain is not a fool. Although it has suddenly become more powerful in the past 180 years, the fine tradition of flexibility and flexibility has not been lost.

If Austria goes it alone, Britain can also win over European countries and use pressure from the international community to force Austria to make concessions.

Now all countries in Europe are part of the anti-French alliance. Even if Austria does not demand severe punishment for France, a series of countries participating in the war such as Spain, Belgium, and Switzerland will demand France's death.

At this time, Britain intervened, not only on the opposite side of Austria, but also on the opposite side of the European countries involved in the war.

Anyone with a discerning eye knows that if France really resurrects and takes revenge, Austria will not be the first to be unlucky, but its surrounding neighbors.

If you can't do it, then just don't do it. The anti-French alliance was gathered because of the common enemy France. When the enemy no longer exists, the value of the alliance's existence will also disappear.

Even if Austria tries hard to maintain this alliance, it will only be effective in the short term. In the later stage, due to various conflicts, everyone will still part ways.

Britain is professional in this regard. Even if there are no conflicts between countries, they can still create conflicts.

As for the balance of the European continent, the worst thing to do is to wait until the anti-French alliance collapses and then find a way to rebuild it.

As for whether it can be successful or not, that will be a matter for the next few years, and it is not everyone's turn to worry about it.

"We can give up on matters on the European continent for the time being; but we must get the French Navy's warships. For a long time to come, Austria will be the dominant force on the European continent. In order to ensure the security of Britain, the Royal Navy There must be an overwhelming advantage.

At present, the number of Austrian navy's battleships is almost close to our seventh level. If they are allowed to get French warships again, the strength and weakness will be reversed." Admiralty Astley Sir Cooper Key's words suddenly aroused everyone's emotions.

If the balance of the European continent is broken, it will not save Britain's life; but once the Royal Navy's advantage is lost, it will really kill it.

"The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is already working hard. It's just that Napoleon IV regarded the French Navy as the biggest bargaining chip and tried to use these warships to make a fuss.

Before this, in order to obtain material assistance, the French used this to blackmail us. Shouting : Once they stop supporting them, they will send the navy intact to Austria in exchange for leniency after the war.

According to the information from the embassy, ​​it can be determined that France and Austria have indeed negotiated on the issue of naval warships. Now The European War is still going on, and it is initially judged that they have not reached an agreement." George's explanation not only did not reassure everyone, but made everyone even more uneasy. 1+1 does not necessarily equal 2. The navies of France and Austria are self-contained systems, and the degree of integration will definitely not reach 100%.

This group of "1+1" is less than 2, but it is still a few points. Facing enemies with numerous capital ships, can the Royal Navy really survive?

No one can answer this question. Anyway, everyone knows that Britain cannot afford to gamble, even if it is a tie.

After some thought, Gladstone said coldly: "Get the warship in the hands of the French at all costs." ...

(End of this chapter)


New book Haiyue has been preparing a new book recently. The book club did a survey and is currently confused. Pure foreign history is too niche and has less and less market, so transformation is inevitable.

At first I was planning to choose Ming Dynasty, and after looking through similar works, I was embarrassed to find that the routine that Haiyue had been thinking about had been used by others. Of course, the routines are the same, but there can still be innovative in content.

Halfway through preparing the outline, I flipped through an old book today and Haiyue suddenly fell in love with Western Fantasy. I don't know what's wrong, but in recent years there have been very few high-quality Western fantasy films.

If not, just write it yourself. This is how Haiyue got into the industry. Feelings are feelings, Haiyue still has to eat.

Let me first ask everyone here whether they can accept this kind of subject matter. After all, the market cannot deceive people. Fewer similar books means fewer readers.

I plan to write a book: Lord Farming,

Magical Medieval Times, or a completely original book. What do you like?

It can be adapted from European history or not.

The power system can be the traditional magic fighting + alchemy, or the later wizard + steampunk, or a large variety of groceries.

Haiyue really hopes that all readers can give you some suggestions.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 960 Sinkhole

The interests are exciting. While the British are eyeing French warships, the Austrian Navy is also eyeing warships in French hands.

What seems like an ordinary warship battle has actually evolved into a battle for maritime hegemony. The final ownership of the warships in the hands of the French will directly affect the subsequent world pattern.

At the Vienna Palace, facing the eager crowd, Franz asked calmly: "Do you think the French will obediently hand over the warships to us?" Frankly speaking, Franz also had the idea of ​​French warships. Directly inheriting the French naval legacy, the combined naval power of the two countries surpassed the British in one fell swoop. This picture is really wonderful.

However, the cruel reality told him that this was impossible. The French and Austrian navies are all self-contained systems, and their integration cannot be completed in a short while.

If it is just a matter of time, then it is not insurmountable. The trouble is that under Franz's butterfly effect, the development of naval technology has greatly exceeded the original time and space, and the birth of the dreadnought is only one idea away.

If Austria obtains the French warships, the British will definitely increase their investment in the navy in order to maintain maritime hegemony.

Once the dreadnoughts come out, these ironclads, which were acquired at a great cost, will immediately be swept into the garbage heap of history.

There is no doubt that Austria will definitely follow suit. What will happen to these useless ironclads then?

It will definitely not be sold, and even if it is given away for free, no one will be able to afford it. The world's second-largest navy has a tough time even with Britain and Austria, and the remaining countries combined are struggling.

If you keep it in your hands, it will only look good in appearance, but its actual value is approximately zero. We can't take advantage of the British to have a naval decisive battle to kill them before they come up with the dreadnoughts, right?

It's not that Franz is timid, but that he is really unsure. The combined tonnage of the French and Austrian navy exceeds that of the British. It seems to have an advantage of 1.5:1. In fact, if there is a fight, it is unknown who will win and who will lose.

The Royal Navy these days is really awesome. Franz doesn't know what's going on in the French Navy. Anyway, the Austrian Navy is very capable.

As one of the first countries to enter the era of ironclad ships, the Austrian Navy is now in a special period when its ships are aging and require large-scale replacement.

Except for the main ships, which are advancing with the times, most auxiliary warships have lagged behind, and there are even many sail warships.

There is no other reason than to save money. Only those who have experienced it personally will know the pain of developing sea power and land power at the same time.

Using himself to save others, Franz had reason to believe that the French Navy was also seriously flooded. The world's three major naval powers are nominally at the same level, but in fact that is for other naval powers.

In essence, the Royal Navy is one level higher. The navies of the three countries were forced to be compared together just because of interests.

Without competitors, how can there be military spending? The slogans of the three major naval powers were shouted originally by the British Navy in order to put pressure on Congress.

Compared with the French and Austrian navies, which have a large number of old warships, the Royal Navy is much better. As the king of the international warship trade market, the British can export a batch of second-hand warships every few years.

The funds returned from the arms trade, coupled with the highest military expenditures, have allowed the Royal Navy to far surpass France and Austria in upgrading warships.

Admiral Castagny explained: "Your Majesty, civil strife has broken out in France, and the Bonaparte dynasty is in danger. As long as we are willing to help them retain power, Napoleon IV will compromise." After a little thought, Franz vetted: "No!" "Intervening in the change of the French regime may seem like a clever move, but in fact the gains outweigh the losses. This is no longer the Middle Ages, and the French, who are full of nationalism, simply cannot accept a regime supported by foreign forces.

The war has destroyed Bonaparte. The foundation of the Ba dynasty. Unless we show mercy, no one will be able to clean up the mess after the war.

This is impossible. Even if we are willing to give up suppressing France, our allies will not give up. If we do not cripple France, How do you let everyone sleep peacefully?

Napoleon IV is not a fool. Even if he is a fan of the authorities, someone will remind him. The best thing for the Bonaparte dynasty at the moment is to retreat quickly and find a scapegoat to bear the anger of the people." Today is different from the past. We are now at the time when the hatred between France and Austria is at its deepest. To support the pro-Austrian regime in France is obviously a thankless effort.

If they really want to support the Bonaparte dynasty, then the best thing Austria can do is to openly support their rivals, and then the angry French people will take care of everything.

"But this opportunity is too rare. Once we miss it, it will not happen overnight for us to surpass the Royal Navy." Admiralty Castagni argued.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Calm down, your Excellency. It is not impossible to get warships from the French. The key is to see whether the price paid and the benefits gained are matched.

The price we paid in this war is also very high." We are so big that we simply don't have the financial resources to compete with the British for maritime supremacy in the short term. After the war, we prioritized economic recovery, and even if we get French warships, we can't afford them. Besides, there are many people eyeing French warships, and our family can only eat them. It's too ugly.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs suggested that we pick out a few battleships and bring them back, and allocate the rest to allies to avoid unnecessary trouble." In theory, this is the most sensible approach. If Austria eats the French warships, it will choke. If the entire anti-French alliance eats the French warships, there will be no problem.

By pulling everyone together to share the spoils, all the international pressure will disappear.

Anyway, the most elite part of the French navy is the battleships, and Austria has no shortage of auxiliary warships and the like.

Minister of the Navy Castagny hurriedly objected: "Your Excellency, please don't do this. The French Navy uses different technical standards than ours. If we can't get them all back, then just don't get one at all." For several French warships, special supporting facilities must be provided, which is completely worth the loss. " Since Austria completed its military reform, standardization has been imprinted on everyone's mind. Everything from warships and ports to as small as a screw has its own specific standards.

If you can't get all the French battleships, then in After losing their strategic significance beyond the Royal Navy, a few warships will become meaningless to the Austrian Navy.

"Since the Navy doesn't want it, then just give up. After the war, a warship auction was held, inviting countries around the world to participate, and the funds raised served as part of the war reparations. " Franz's decisive decision directly made Castagni burst into tears.

Adding logistical pressure to a few French warships is indeed not worth the gain. It would be different if there were dozens of French warships.

As the world's second largest naval power , , France has hundreds of armored ships alone. Even if Austria takes away dozens of ships, the rest will be enough for everyone to share. There is no distribution problem at all.

Originally, I just wanted to bargain, but the result was all gone. Stagny's mood naturally couldn't get better.

Obviously, Franz was not a good leader who cared about the mood of his subordinates. After making the decision, he immediately moved on to the next topic, without giving Castagny any buffer time.

...

When the Vienna government was considering the aftermath, changes occurred again on the battlefield.

First, the French army on the southern front could not withstand the pressure and voluntarily abandoned the Italian region; then the French army in Central Europe once again abandoned its armor on the battlefield and was defeated. They were forced back to the mainland; even the Franche-Comté district in the east lost most of it.

The only place that was still strong was the western battlefield. A group of second-rate French troops withstood the Spanish attack with their bloody courage. Attack.

Of course, this does not prove their combat effectiveness. It is more because the Spaniards are unreliable. They have jumped out to add insult to injury and are still hesitating.

Now there are only two ways in front of Napoleon IV: either run away and go into exile. Overseas, or be exiled overseas by the anti-French alliance.

No matter which choice you make, your own safety is guaranteed. Compared with Napoleon the Great, who spread hatred everywhere, Napoleon IV actually offended not many people. Except for domestic capitalists , there are basically few life-and-death enemies. If the Bonaparte family is good at public relations, they don't even need to go into exile.

Whether to go into exile overseas and continue to raise the banner of resistance, or to admit defeat and withdraw from politics has become the most entangled question for Napoleon IV. .

At the Palace of Versailles, the declining Napoleon IV asked: "The war is doomed to fail. What do you think we should do now?" " Everyone present is a die-hard supporter of the Bonaparte dynasty. Napoleon IV did not go against the grain, so there can be no talk of betrayal.

What's more, what is coming now is the Anti-French Alliance. Even if someone wants to change jobs, no one will. Take it!

Prime Minister Terrence Burgin was the first to speak: "Your Majesty, the situation is irreversible. Now we can only retreat temporarily and wait for an appropriate time to come back.

However, we cannot shoulder the responsibility for the defeat, let alone sign the harsh armistice treaty. This war was originally started by the consortium, and it failed because of them. They must be held responsible.

According to the latest investigation results, 485 of the suspects we arrested have admitted to collaborating with the enemy and treason. Unfortunately, the leader who planned this operation escaped.

According to their account, a series of problems, including provoking the war, driving up prices during the war, and deliberately creating social conflicts, were all done under the instruction of international forces. " Obviously, Terrence Burgin is ready to throw the blame away before running away, trying his best to preserve the reputation of the Bonaparte dynasty and prepare for future restoration.

It no longer matters whether the capitalists collude with international forces. Anyway, the charges against them are all solid, and it's just right to push them out to stir up hatred. It doesn't matter even if they are infiltrated by the gang. Just based on what these guys have done, their reputation has already become bad in the streets. There are enthusiastic people who are willing to testify. .

The competition within the bourgeoisie is equally cruel. If you can kill your competitors, no one will show mercy. Even if you want to rehabilitate them, it will be after these guys are dead.

Napoleon IV asked uncertainly: "You mean to lose Paris?" Give it to the revolutionaries to deal with the anti-French alliance? " Paris is now a hot potato. No matter who takes it, they will face a devastating problem: how to send the anti-French alliance away.

As the loser of this war, it is simply impossible to win without paying a painful price. Don't think about crossing the border. The cession of territory and compensation are indispensable.

However, neither the cessation of territory nor the compensation are acceptable to the French people. It can be said that whoever signs this treaty is finished. If you don't sign, it is even worse. The millions of anti-French coalition forces are not Vegetarian.

France can expel the people in the occupied areas, and the anti-French alliance can do the same. The Ottoman Empire has learned from the past, and no one can guarantee whether France will become the second Ottoman. International pressure does not exist. In In this age of the jungle, the anti-French alliance with the largest fist represents the international order.

Terrence Burkin nodded: "Yes, Your Majesty. Since the revolutionaries chose to rebel at this time, they must be able to bear the consequences. " ...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 961: The Difficult Provisional Government

Putting down the telegram in his hand, Marshal Patrice McMahon let out a deep sigh. He looked up and looked out the window, turned his back to everyone and said, "Restore the normal supply of the troops, and no matter what we do, we can't let the soldiers go hungry." "Marshal, we don't have much food, and the domestic supplies can't keep up. If Unlimited supply..." Before the middle-aged officer could finish his words, McMahon interrupted: "Don't worry, the material problem has been solved in Central. The government has raided the grain dealers who were hoarding food, and now there is no shortage of food. " After hearing the news, everyone showed their long-lost smiles. There is no way, the French army has been having a really hard time recently.

Not only were they suppressed by the Allied forces on the battlefield, but there were also problems with logistics. As British support declined, the French government no longer had the means to raise sufficient strategic supplies.

Now it is a battle to defend the homeland, and there is no room for anyone to retreat. The French army is holding on with passion. Even if other things are lacking, we can still hold on, but we can't survive without food .

The front line was defeated too quickly and there was no time to grab back the food that had been hoarded before. Domestic supplies have not kept up, and local support alone is obviously unable to support large army operations.

In order to reduce consumption, Marshal McMahon took the lead in cutting rations starting half a month ago. Except for the front-line combat troops who could barely fill their stomachs, the rest of the people could only eat five cents full.

Everyone was naturally happy to hear that the food problem was solved. Except for a few people who found McMahon's expression unnatural, the rest were immersed in joy.

After a pause, McMahon added: "Okay, the food problem has been solved. Other logistical supplies have also been solved domestically and will arrive at the front line in a week. Now you can rest assured. The The remaining question is how to Let's fight the battle to defend France. Our home is behind us. Now we have no way to retreat. If we don't want our families to be displaced in troubled times, just fight this battle for me.

Now I order..." The military meeting ended in a hurry, there were only a few cronies left in the headquarters, or direct officers of the Bonaparte dynasty in the army.

"Marshal, the enemy's air force is becoming more and more rampant. Stations and bridges in the country have been seriously damaged. Even if the government solves the food problem, there is no way to transport it here in a short time, right?" McMahon did not answer directly and handed the secret message casually. After a while, the middle-aged officer said with trembling hands: "How... is this... possible?" McMahon replied bitterly. : "I also hope this is false, but it did happen. The domestic chaos and enemies colluded and stabbed the empire at the most critical moment. Now the situation is irreversible. No matter what, it cannot be cheap. Which rogue gangs have we killed? Since they dare to stab us while we are fighting the enemy, then this mess will be left to them. The price we have paid for this war is too high. If we continue to persist, all our young people will be wiped out. What we have to do now is to end this war as soon as possible and preserve the vitality of France." There is no way, the Bonaparte dynasty is about to end. As a direct force, they naturally do not have a good impression of the Revolutionary Party.

Whether it is to preserve the vitality of France, or to trick the Revolutionary Party, they must surrender as soon as possible and let the Anti-French Alliance in.

Although it is not popular in mainland Europe to fight to the death, surrender must be done skillfully and there must be a suitable reason, otherwise the people's spittle can kill them.

"Lack of food" is undoubtedly one of the best excuses for surrender. No one can expect a hungry army to go to war. In this regard, the French people are still very open-minded.

In order to strengthen everyone's determination to surrender, Napoleon IV even prepared a retreat for everyone. At the same time as the secret telegram was sent, there was also an open telegram that solved the food problem.

As for why the food supplies promised by the government did not arrive at the front line, you have to ask the Revolutionary Party. After all, the Bonaparte dynasty will no longer exist by that time.

Anyway, theoretically speaking, as long as the revolutionary party does not cause trouble, the food can reach the front line. Even the Revolutionary Party cannot shake off this scapegoat.

You can get away without taking responsibility. For everyone, apart from being emotionally unacceptable, they actually do not reject this outcome.

After all, at this point in the war, defeat is only a matter of time.

Everyone insists on resisting simply because they want to find a decent way to end this war for the empire. Now that the empire is gone, there is no need to hold on.

After a moment of silence, a bearded veteran said slowly: "Even if the restrictions are relaxed, our food can last for more than half a month. If we want to achieve our goal early, we still need an accident." People don't care. He will be destroyed by heaven and earth. It is conceivable that the Bonaparte dynasty is finished and hostile forces come to power. As the defeated generals, what will happen to them.

If you don't want to end up with a miserable future, you can only strike preemptively. It is naturally best to be able to restore. Even if restoration is impossible, the enemy must be defeated first.

McMahon shook his head: "No need, the Austrians will do it for us, you just need to find an opportunity to expose the location of the granary." It is incredible to think about actively exposing the location of your granary to the enemy, but there is no way, reality That's all bullshit.

In this world where the jungle prevails, if a person is not ruthless enough, he will not be able to stand firm.

Carrying out evil deeds in secret can only be considered childish. They have not directly colluded with the anti-French alliance. They are already disciplined.

Not only the Central European battlefield, but almost the same story is playing out on other battlefields. Following Napoleon IV's order, officers loyal to the Bonaparte dynasty began to take action.

For a time, the morale of the French army was greatly boosted, and the originally decadent battlefield situation seemed to be reversed, and the front line was suddenly stabilized.

… In Paris, the rebels, who were originally at a disadvantage, were about to be doomed. The revolutionaries were ready to run away, but a miraculous turn happened.

A rebel army appeared out of nowhere and captured the Palace of Versailles, turning the situation around.

It's a pity that Napoleon IV was let go, but it didn't hurt. Anyway, we won the victory, and everyone didn't have to chop off the emperor's head to vent their anger.

Even the capitalists who hated Napoleon IV with gnashing teeth do not have the courage to commit regicide now. For no other reason, the Anti-French Alliance has already arrived.

This mess would have been difficult to deal with. If there was a tragedy of regicide, the Anti-French Custody Alliance would kill them to restore the majesty of the monarch. At least the Vienna government would be happy to do so.

Both the revolutionary party and the capitalists are convinced of this. The conservative concentration camps of the European world are no joke.

The tens of thousands of feudal nobles alone are enough to make Austria and Russia the strongholds of "feudal die-hards", despised by thousands of people.

Unfortunately, no matter how hard they scolded, it had no effect. There is no way, the two die-hards are so powerful that it takes courage to tell them what to do.

Well, overthrowing the die-hard monarchy system is a matter of the future. The top priority now is to find a way to elect a boss to take charge of the overall situation.

At this point, the revolutionary group, which was already inseparable from each other, officially split. After all, there is only one leader, but there are dozens of revolutionary parties.

In order to compete for the fruits of victory through mergers and reorganizations, everyone showed off their special abilities, and there were even fights in some areas. All in all, Paris is downright lively.

The provisional government was difficult to give birth to, but the parliament was born first. Regardless of whether the election of members is legal or not, it is better than nothing. We can finally sit down and discuss the issue.

Looking at the bickering Congress, Francois, a member of the Socialist Party, sternly scolded: "Everyone, calm down first. We can discuss the issue of the presidential election later.

Don't forget, France is at war. And it is still at war with France. The entire European continent is an enemy, the Bonaparte dynasty has been overthrown, and now we are needed to perform government duties.

I don't know if you have noticed, but telegrams from the front line have piled up. Some are short of reinforcements, food, and ammunition. , lack of artillery, lack of medicine, lack of supplies to keep out the cold winter...

In short, we are short of everything we need on the battlefield. If we don't find a way to solve these problems, it won't be long before the anti-French alliance comes to Paris." Francois's warning pulled everyone out of the craze for power. It doesn't matter who comes to power if they can't stop the enemy.

"Do we still need to consider this? Of course we need to end the war immediately. We have already sacrificed too much for this war. We have even lost the empire. How can the people survive if the war continues?" You can tell from the tone that this is a person. A royalist MP, perhaps a supporter of the Bonaparte dynasty. It would be unimaginable in other countries, but here in Paris, everything is possible.

Although the Revolutionary Party was the main force in overthrowing the Bonaparte dynasty, after the Congress was formed, most of the members were royalists.

For no other reason than the revolutionary party's foundation is too shallow and does not have enough prestige to govern, so it must rely on these "highly respected" guys.

If it hadn't been for the royalists to have one share and three shares, there would have been nothing to do with the republicans. After all, the republican ideal has not yet taken root in the hearts of the people, and most people still have lingering fears about the previous two failed republican movements.

Francois immediately said sarcastically: "Dear Count, what price do you think we have to pay to end the war? We have finally waited for this opportunity. If you were the Austrian government, you would be merciful at this time." Even if Austria is bought with benefits, Belgium, Switzerland, Spain, the German Federation and other countries participating in the war, can they rest assured?" Three consecutive questions, as if a heavy blow to the soul, directly made Count Glenn speechless. It's not that there is no answer, it's just that no one is willing to think about it, let alone face it.

The international situation is so ever-changing. Just a few months ago, most European countries hoped that France could preserve its vitality so that it could continue to contain Austria; now, unlike in the past, these guys have become France's talisman.

If you want to reassure everyone, unless France becomes weak enough and loses its ability to threaten everyone, it will be impossible for the neighbors to rest assured.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 962 Blame falls from the sky

. As soon as the Paris Revolution succeeded and the news of Napoleon IV's exile came out, a political earthquake broke out on the European continent.

Anyone with a little bit of political savvy knows that the emergence of a republican government at this time would be absolutely disastrous for France.

Controlling Paris and controlling France are two different concepts. If there is no threat from foreign enemies, the revolutionary government can also use political means to unify the country, and then slowly purge Bonapartist elements in the officialdom and the army.

Obviously, this is impossible, and the Anti-French Alliance will not give them time to integrate the country. Facing the millions of troops of the anti-French alliance, the revolutionary government that only controlled Paris could not even make a move.

Strength is the basis of negotiation. Without enough strength, France's desire to preserve its vitality after the war is simply a fantasy.

In London, after receiving this sudden bad news, Prime Minister Gladstone was so angry that he overturned the table.

He couldn't care less about France now. The key was that the Bonaparte dynasty fell at the wrong time.

You must know that not long ago, they had just reached a secret agreement with Napoleon IV to invest 18 million pounds to purchase all the French Navy's battleships.

I thought I had gotten a big deal, but I didn't expect that the Bonaparte dynasty would cease to exist before the ink was dry.

The Bonaparte dynasty is gone, and naturally no one will fulfill the previous secret agreement. This is no longer the most powerful era in Britain. Even if the London government wants to force the revolutionary government to continue to fulfill its contract, it cannot use the secret contract as an excuse.

There is no way, there are too many contents in the treaty targeting the Anti-French Alliance. Once exposed, Britain will no longer be able to survive in Europe.

If that's all, it's not a big deal, just pretend that this secret agreement doesn't exist. The problem is that the money paid cannot be recovered now.

It was originally thought that the French sold warships to raise military expenses to fight Austria. The London government was so quick to pay, half of the cost was paid before delivery.

There is nothing to say now, it will directly become a bad debt. Knowing that the money fell into the hands of Napoleon IV, the London government had no way to publicly pursue it.

Not only can't you ask for debt, but you must also find a way to keep the lid closed. If the news leaks out, not only will the plan to plot French warships go bankrupt, but it will also allow political opponents to seize the opportunity for illegal operations.

According to regulations, such large-scale transactions must be approved by Congress. Obviously, this kind of secret deal was not suitable for discussion in Congress, and the Gladstone cabinet could only cut it off first and then comment later.

There is a precedent for similar things in Britain. As long as it is successful, there will be no blame. Unfortunately, Gladstone failed this time.

After calming down, Prime Minister Gladstone said: "Immediately send someone to communicate with Napoleon IV and promise him that as long as the money is returned, we will support his restoration." Foreign Secretary George explained helplessly: "It's useless. Prime Minister. We have already sent people to contact Napoleon IV. His condition is very bad now, and our people dare not provoke him too much.

In order to avoid accidents, our people can only talk to the French government in exile. Unfortunately, , they demanded that the treaty should continue to be implemented, and immediately issued an order for the navy to hand over warships.

Considering that the government-in-exile has lost control of the navy, this hasty order is no better than waste paper, and we can only choose to refuse." No matter how miserable the emperor is, he is still an emperor. Seeing that Napoleon IV was about to die, the British representatives who were originally preparing to launch an attack to accuse him suddenly became silent.

Unable to determine whether it was a real illness or a fake illness, the British representative naturally did not dare to take risks.

If he accidentally overstimulated him and let Napoleon IV directly receive the lunch box, and be accused of driving the emperor to death, it would be the end of the world.

Napoleon IV did not come forward, and the French government in exile simply pretended to be confused. It is clear that he does not believe in the promise of the British government and is ready to swallow this huge sum of money directly.

After hearing this result, Gladstone gritted his teeth and asked: "Are they sure that we dare not retaliate? You know how much it doesn't cost to solve a government-in-exile." Foreign Secretary George shook his head and said with a wry smile. : "Your Excellency Prime Minister, the French are really not worried about us taking action against them now.

Although Napoleon IV is in exile overseas, the foundation of the Bonaparte dynasty has not been lost. Because of hatred, these people should be regarded as the most determined people in France now. The anti-Austrian faction, Napoleon IV is their natural leader.

Neither the Orleans dynasty nor the Bourbon dynasty will jump out to oppose Austria at this time. Once the revolutionary government surrenders to the anti-French alliance, the anti-Austrian forces in France will Move closer to them.

By getting rid of them, we will disintegrate the anti-Austrian forces in France, which is equivalent to doing Austria a great favor. At this time, not only can we not take action against them, we must also find ways to enhance their strength and even support them. Restoration, lest there be only one voice on the European continent.

From this point of view, as long as the Bonaparte dynasty persists in opposing Austria, it does not matter if this money remains in their hands." Knowing that he has been cheated, not only cannot he retaliate, but he must With increased support, Gladstone felt that the world had gone crazy.

However, this is reality. For the sake of Britain's national interests, the French government-in-exile must exist, otherwise the anti-Austrian elements in France cannot find an organization.

After pondering for a while, Prime Minister Gladstone came to his senses and said with emotion: "Napoleon IV is such a good trick! He defrauded us of a huge sum of money without even revealing his face." ...

" Since he is so Awesome, why are you in exile?" ...

"No, there is something wrong with the Paris Revolution. The Bonaparte dynasty was not so fragile and could not have collapsed so quickly!

The troops stationed in Paris are direct descendants of Napoleon IV. If they had not been transferred , it is simply impossible for the revolutionaries to succeed.

It seems that we have all been fooled by him. The collapse of the Bonaparte dynasty itself was planned by Napoleon IV, and the current revolutionary government is just a scapegoat prepared by him.

Oops, the European War is ending early. Napoleon IV would not leave a chance to the revolutionary government. There was going to be a problem with the French army on the front line.

There is no time, we must negotiate with the revolutionary government immediately and finalize it before the French surrender..." He was worthy of being the most successful prime minister of Britain in the nineteenth century. With only some clues, Gladstone analyzed the truth of the matter.

We all know that Napoleon IV used a conspiracy. Even though we knew it was a trap, everyone had to jump into it. From the moment they launched the armed uprising, the revolutionaries had no way out. The responsibility for rashly starting the war was left to the bourgeoisie , the responsibility for the defeat was passed on to the Revolutionary Party, and the emperor Napoleon IV became the victim instead.

There was also a barely reasonable explanation to the people: the defeat was not because the emperor was incompetent, but mainly because there were too many traitors. Internal and external troubles broke out at the same time, which was really It cannot be carried away.

As soon as the ceasefire treaty is signed, the people will target the revolutionary government that bowed and surrendered, thus downplaying the responsibility of the previous government.

...

In the face of the rolling tide of history, the power of an individual is small. The Paris Assembly still has While they were arguing about the food problem, the troops on the front line ran out of food first.

On October 19, 1891, on the third day of the French army's food shortage, the elderly Marshal Patrice McMahon publicly issued a telegram, "Your conspiracy has succeeded." ".

The article recounted the bloody sacrifices made by the French troops on the front line in order to protect their homeland, and denounced the revolutionary government's collaboration with the enemy and its conspiracy to cut off the troops' logistics in order to force them to surrender.

Immediately afterwards, the troops on the front line were ordered to lay down their weapons and surrender. It seemed that It was agreed upon, and then the French commanders on the southern, western and central fronts followed suit and issued telegrams. For a time, France was full of electricity. Before surrendering, almost every French general had to denounce the revolutionary government of Paris in a telegram. . It seems that without electricity, it cannot keep up with the times.

A scapegoat fell from the sky, directly smashing the confused revolutionary government of Paris into complete confusion. They were indeed prepared to "collaborate with the enemy and betray the country", but the armistice negotiations had not even begun. What are you selling?

Explanations are useless. Napoleon IV painstakingly laid landmines and now they have exploded.

The military unified its position and insisted that the revolutionary government colluded with the anti-French alliance, cut off the supply of food and grass to the frontline troops, and forced everyone to surrender to the enemy. Surrender. The revolutionary government in Paris does not even have room for explanation.

It is not that the Bonaparte dynasty has great influence in the army. If it could control the country's army, Napoleon IV would not have to go into exile. In the final analysis, it is still for profit. Defeat always needs someone to take responsibility. Especially the military that lost the war bore the brunt. It is conceivable that the life of these generals who lost the war would not be easy after the war.

In order not to be sprayed to death by the people's spit, they and Napoleon Like the fourth generation, they needed a scapegoat to take responsibility. At this moment, the revolutionary government of Paris stepped in.

If you want to be the boss, there is no problem. The revolutionary government of Paris has nominally gathered military power with a few telegrams. Being the boss naturally requires The original responsibility of the Bonaparte dynasty now falls on the revolutionary government.

Since they are laying mines, Napoleon IV will naturally not leave too many strategic materials in Paris, including grain stored along the way. Supplies were also resold and shipped away.

When the Paris government took over power, it happened to be the time to transport supplies to the front line. Carloads of loaded supplies were captured by the revolutionary army before they even set out from Paris.

If they continue to be sent to the front, they themselves will starve. Needless to say, they were naturally requisitioned first. With this requisition, the blame cannot be thrown away.

Unable to control the local government, it was impossible to raise enough food supplies to be transported to the front line in a short period of time, which directly led to the front line troops running out of food.

Things have happened. No matter how the Paris revolutionary government explains it, the frontline troops are out of food because of them.

It's chaos, the whole of France is in chaos. As letters of approval were sent out, the revolutionary government in Paris was thrust into the spotlight.

Students and intellectuals who originally supported the revolution have now become hesitant. The nobility, peasants, and some workers who were originally opposed to the revolution now dislike the revolutionary government even more.

Even the capitalists who had just been released from prison and were preparing to usurp the fruits of the revolution stopped and chose to wait and see the situation.

There is no way, the anti-French alliance has already come. The strategic location of Paris itself was very bad. Not only was it undefendable, it was also close to the front line. As soon as the troops on the front surrendered, Paris became the new front.

If you take charge of the Central Committee at this time and cannot deal with the anti-French alliance, you are asking for trouble.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 963: The end of the war.

Without waiting for the confused revolutionary government to respond, the anti-French alliance descended on the city. Whether to "surrender" or not has become a new focus of controversy in the French Parliament.

"At this point, we can no longer fight. In order to preserve the vitality of France, I suggest that this war be ended immediately and follow-up issues be resolved through negotiations." The The old man's proposal instantly gained everyone's support. A man is a man who knows the current affairs. The French Parliament is the result of a compromise between all parties. Those who can sit here are those who can bend and stretch.

The real hard-nosed people were either defeated by Napoleon IV or the Revolutionary Party. Those who survive and do well are those who are politically savvy.

He was digging a hole to begin with, and it was naturally impossible for Napoleon IV to leave a rich fortune to the Revolutionary Party. Not only was a large amount of money taken away, but even Paris's city defense artillery was packed away on the pretext of reinforcing the front line.

The anti-French alliance is approaching the city, and Paris cannot be defended at all. The enemy didn't even need to attack the city. The defenders would collapse after a month or two of siege.

France's arrogance has been almost worn away by the war. "Armistice" has become the consensus of knowledgeable people, and the main war faction has long since flamed out.

Just before the surrender proposal was passed, Socialist Party member Francois hurriedly objected: "We cannot surrender immediately, otherwise the enemy's conspiracy will succeed.

If you don't want to be labeled a traitor and be reviled for the rest of your life, we will do it now Resistance must be carried out.

We do not expect to defeat the anti-French alliance, but at least let the people see our determination to resist. The revolutionary government needs to use practical actions to prove to the outside world that we are not traitors." Although history is written by the victors, that is not I can carry any pot. If it really carries the label of a traitor, the revolutionary government will not last long.

In Francois's view, if the revolutionary government wants to gain a foothold, it must put on this show, even if it will suffer heavy losses.

A young officer replied angrily: "Mr. Francois, now it's not a matter of whether we want to fight, but it's really a matter of not being able to fight anymore. The main force has surrendered, so what can we do to resist the enemy's invasion?" Everything is easier said than done. "Resistance" is easy for politicians to talk about. Anyway, they don't have to charge into battle, so there is no pressure.

But for the commanders of the revolutionary army, it was not easy at all. No one knows better than themselves what level of soldiers they lead.

It seems that they have defeated the government forces, and they look very impressive. In fact, this is all based on the government forces deliberately letting go.

The French army will be merciful to them, which does not mean that the anti-French alliance will be merciful. Bringing a bunch of rabble to fight with the enemy is obviously giving away lives.

Seemingly feeling that his dignity had been challenged, Francois immediately warned: "General Fick, please be careful with your words. The revolutionary army is invincible, why can't it resist the enemy's invasion?" Fick's young officer's face darkened, and Politics It's just so weird. Knowing that the revolutionary army is a ragtag group of people, everyone has to regard them as an "elite division." "Invincible" is just a slogan to boost morale. Anyone who takes it seriously is a fool. Now it has been put out in the open and has become a weapon in the hands of politicians.

This is also caused by the special circumstances of the revolutionary government. One group of people led the revolution, and now another group of people is in power.

Of course, there are also techniques to seize. Speculators take advantage of the revolutionaries' innocence and let them command the revolutionary army. It seems that they are maintaining the status quo, but in fact they are taking the opportunity to exclude them from the power system.

Although the status of soldiers in France is not low, it is not much higher either. Once one's status is limited to the military, the opportunity to compete for the highest political power is automatically lost.

It is true that political power comes from the barrel of a gun, but the problem is that they do not control all military power. After winning the victory of the Paris Revolution, the revolutionary government not only had the revolutionary army, but also the adapted Paris City Defense Force and the National Guard.

Compared with the improvised revolutionary army, the later adapted revolutionary army was obviously more effective in combat. Strength means the right to speak, which is why there are a large number of royalists in the French Parliament.

Whether they are willing to admit it or not, the current situation of the revolutionary government in Paris is that the internal strength of the royalist party exceeds that of the revolutionary party.

Francois seemed to be forcing the revolutionary army to fight, but in fact he was taking the opportunity to weaken the strength of the three major royalists?

"Mr. François, how long do you think we can hold off the enemy? You must know that once the enemy comes to the city, Paris will be an isolated city.

We really need to show courage to the enemy and strive for favorable conditions for post-war negotiations, but the prerequisite is that we can obtain A decent result.

This is obviously not something that can be achieved by being trapped in an isolated city. There are not many supplies in Paris. After losing foreign aid, even if the enemy does not attack, we will not be able to hold on for long.

If I were the enemy commander, Paris would be besieged , divide their forces to occupy other areas of France, and then delay for time.

Once the anti-French alliance's millions of troops are dispersed in France, you can imagine what kind of damage it will cause. Perhaps there is no need for armistice negotiations, and the enemy will evacuate France. ." This is not alarmist, but it will actually happen. "Looting" is a tradition of the European army. It would be a problem if millions of Allied troops were allowed to loot the French mainland without being evacuated.

Financial losses are only a minor problem. I am afraid that the enemy will not be so disciplined and will cause them a human tragedy of ten rooms and nine empty rooms.

At that time, it will no longer be a question of being infamy, but whether there will be France or not. Anyway, the Anti-French Alliance has many members, and more than a dozen countries can endorse each other, and the black ones can become white.

The cruel reality left the main militants speechless. At this moment, they truly realized the government's difficulties.

… On October 27, 1891, after some symbolic resistance, the revolutionary government in Paris was forced to surrender to the Allies, bringing an end to the European War that lasted for more than a year.

After accepting the surrender of the French government, regardless of whether the French wanted it or not, Albrecht immediately ordered military control of Paris.

Entering Paris again, Albrecht was filled with emotions. "Thirty years in Hedong, thirty years in Hexi." He never dreamed that one day he would enter Paris as a conqueror.

The motorcade entered the Champs Elysées. Looking at the majestic gate in front of him, Albrecht frowned and ordered coldly: "Send someone to demolish it!" In February 1806, Napoleon was in Austell. Defeated the Russian and Austrian forces at the Battle of Ritz. In order to commemorate this glorious victory, the French government specially built this "Triumphal Arch" that represents the glory of France.

It doesn't matter if it represents France's glory, the key is that Austria has served as a stepping stone. In the eyes of Marshal Albrecht, this was a symbol of Austrian humiliation.

In the past, there was no way. Austria did lose in the Battle of Austerlitz, and the victory in the anti-French war was also won by the Russians.

After the last anti-French war, Austria, which was so proud of itself, was too embarrassed to ask the French to demolish it at the Vienna Peace Conference. Of course, this may also have something to do with the project being unfinished.

Things are different now. The Austrian army has entered Paris, so there is no need to keep this eye-catching building.

"Wait!" Lieutenant General Friedrich persuaded: "Marshal, this gate was built to commemorate Napoleon's victory in the Battle of Austerlitz. With our fall, France reached its peak.

History is history, even if Even if you tear down this gate, it won't change it. Instead of doing that, it's better to keep it as a warning to future generations.

In order to commemorate this period of history, I suggest that all post-war treaties be signed under the Arc de Triomphe." It can make these two people hate it so deeply. , naturally it was not due to a single defeat in the battle. In the past few hundred years, the Habsburg Dynasty had lost many battles, and I have never seen anyone so moved.

The key is that after the Battle of Austerlitz, Napoleon forced the Habsburgs to dissolve the Holy Roman Empire and ravaged the Habsburgs with their faces on the ground.

As a member of the royal family, there is no one who does not want to come back with revenge. The Bonaparte dynasty's delay in integrating into the European aristocratic circle was also related to the retaliation of the Habsburg dynasty.

Albrecht seemed to have thought of something, and smiled slightly: "Friedrich, you are right. History should indeed be remembered.

We have to thank the French on this issue. If they hadn't helped record it, I'm afraid we all might We have forgotten that period of history.

Without the spur of this humiliating history, Austria would not be what it is today. Your suggestion is also very good, and I will convey it to the country.

Send an order to send someone to protect this gate and prohibit anyone from destroying it.

" There is no doubt that the so-called "remembering history" and "historical spurs" are nonsense. Perhaps it had a profound impact on Albrecht's elders, but it really had no impact on the younger generation.

Time can dilute everything. If it were not mentioned in the history books, many people would not know these things. Deliberately emphasizing these is nothing more than to create a glorious image for the Habsburg dynasty.

Including signing a treaty under the "Arc de Triomphe" was not only to humiliate the French, but more importantly, to send a signal to the outside world that the former Holy Roman Empire was coming back.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 964 Peacekeeping Force

"The French surrendered"!

After the news came out, all of Europe was excited. Although the anti-French alliance had been making great progress before this, everyone had long expected that the French would be in trouble this time, but they were still shocked by the news.

There was no other reason, the main reason was that the French surrendered too quickly. According to the mainstream view, most people believe that France can persist until the end of 1892, and some even optimistically estimate that the French can persist until 1893.

The war ending early is naturally a good thing for ordinary people. There was no need for government organization, and the celebrations were held spontaneously by the people. Except for the French, people all over Europe were immersed in the joy of victory.

Vienna Palace, Franz became busy as soon as the European War ended. Although plans are made in advance, politics is flexible and needs to be adapted according to actual conditions.

At least the internal power struggle in France was beyond Franz's expectations. If it didn't really happen, who would dare to believe that a plot that only exists in novels actually happened in the real world?

Putting down the information in his hand, Franz rubbed his forehead helplessly: "Does the current revolutionary government in Paris have the ability to control France?" "Difficult!" Foreign Minister Weisenberg analyzed: "The situation in France is too chaotic. , the current revolutionary government in Paris is only the French government in name only, and it does not even have enough control over Paris, let alone other places. Neither Napoleon III nor Napoleon IV are ordinary people. In thirty or forty years, the Bonaparte dynasty has established its foundation in France.

Although the Bonaparte dynasty has now been overthrown, local officials loyal to them have not been purged.

These people do not buy the Paris government at all Some regions have even adopted the banner of regional autonomy and do not recognize the legitimacy of the revolutionary government of Paris.

Especially after the Allied forces entered France, they further attacked the authority of the revolutionary government of Paris, making it even more difficult for them to control the country. " Revolution . The government was unable to control the country and could collapse at any time, which ruined the Austrian government's plans.

Signing a treaty does not mean that the matter is over. What is more important is implementation. There is no doubt that the revolutionary government in Paris, which was unable to control local areas, lacked sufficient executive power.

"If we withdraw our troops, is it possible that a civil war will break out in France?" Frankly speaking, Franz also didn't understand France. France in the original time and space also had three major royalists and revolutionary parties standing side by side, and no one had the ability to subdue the other three parties.

Under normal circumstances, in such a political situation, a civil war may break out at any spark. However, the French people in the original time and space continued to quarrel, but the conflict was limited to parliamentary political struggles.

Then, during the long years of quarrels, the rising bourgeoisie became the victor, gradually took control of power, and ended the traditional aristocracy.

Weisenberg shook his head: "Theoretically it is possible, but the situation in France is somewhat special. After so many years of evolution, the boundaries between the three major royalist parties are not so obvious.

If the situation continues to develop, the biggest The most likely thing is that the royalists will kill the revolutionary government and then establish a new government." Franz understood without further explanation. Bad things between nobles are so confusing and confusing.

In the past hundred years, France's three major royalist nobles have been married countless times. It has long been that you are in me, and I am in you, and it is impossible to tell the difference.

In this context, the identity of the royalists also changes at any time. They may support Bonaparte today and support Orleans tomorrow. Except for a few die-hard supporters, the rest decide their positions based on interests.

Therefore, the revolutionary government that is not one of its own will be the first to be eliminated. The fact that the bourgeoisie of the original time and space was able to counterattack does not mean that the current bourgeoisie can also counterattack.

The last blow before Napoleon IV ran away greatly weakened the power of the bourgeoisie, especially the financial bourgeoisie, which suffered heavy losses.

The bourgeoisie that has lost its "ability to make money" is a soft-footed shrimp. If you want to make a difference in politics, it cannot be achieved overnight.

Without these guys causing trouble, Franz couldn't see clearly what France's future would be like.

Anyway, once the armistice treaty is signed, it is estimated that the end of the revolutionary government in Paris is coming soon. Facing a group of old foxes, the new revolutionaries are still too young.

Prime Minister Karl: "If the situation in France cannot be stabilized, we must make plans to station troops.

It is conceivable that France will not be peaceful for a long time in the future. The endless uprisings may even turn France into a quagmire .

We have paid too much for this war, and now it is time for our allies to contribute. How can such a good thing happen if we only take benefits and do nothing?" "Just take benefits and do nothing." It is obvious that he is talking about Russia people. Although the Tsarist government had tried very hard, the French surrendered too quickly and the Russian army was still one step late.

In order to win over the Russians, Austria made a heavy bet. At least 20% of the war compensation is not easy to get.

The Russians did not contribute to the war. Even if there was an agreement in advance and Austria wanted to fulfill the agreement, the compensation could be paid eventually.

Unless the Tsarist government is willing to wait a hundred and eighty years, it cannot refuse Austria's reasonable demands now. In the eyes of the Vienna government, garrisoning troops in France is a chore, but in the eyes of the Russians, this is not necessarily the case.

If the news spreads, it is estimated that many Russian soldiers will rush to sign up. It may be a little dangerous, but the rewards are huge!

Compared to the frozen Russian Empire, France is very wealthy. Earning some benefits is a hundred times better than eating chaffy vegetables at home.

Franz nodded: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will communicate with the allies to form a peacekeeping force and decide to allocate troops based on the actual situation.

Except for Belgium and the German Federation, which have suffered heavy losses, they can freely decide whether to send troops. If other countries want to participate in the distribution of spoils, they must send troops to participate in peacekeeping.

In addition, the French navy was also dealt with. The British must have been anxious at this time. If it drags on any longer, those guys in the London government might do something stupid again.

Divide the French warships into one large portion and several small portions, and sell the capital ships together with the auxiliary warships, inviting all countries in the world to participate.

All one time bids, we also compete. Don't the British want these warships? Let them pay for them! " Franz also figured it out. Anyway, the hatred between France and Austria has been forged, so let's just do something about it.

Taking advantage of the unstable situation in France after the war, he sent peacekeeping troops there to further consume the French government's financial resources.

No Money, how can we develop armaments?

Without a strong army, how can we talk about a comeback?

...

All Europe is celebrating the victory of the anti-French war, with the exception of Downing Street. Looking at the parade with celebratory flags in the distance, Grace It felt particularly dazzling.

Although the London government also spoke highly of the anti-French war, that was just because of political needs, which did not mean that they were really willing to accept the current results.

Politicians and ordinary people are often not on the same channel. Britain The government does not want the defeat of the French to disrupt the balance of the continent, but the British people are extremely looking forward to the French's misfortune.

As for the impact of the defeat of the French, the British people are quite optimistic. The biggest enemy is gone, so it is time to celebrate.

New threats ?

Sorry, everyone really can't feel it. In the past long years, Austria has never threatened Britain.

Even when the Habsburg dynasty united Spain, everyone was busy going back to fight the civil war, but there was no such thing. Consider Britain.

Austria is terrible. Is it as terrible as France? Even Napoleon, who was awesome and coaxing, was killed, and Austria has not unified the European continent. Why panic?

Prime Minister Gladstone closed the curtains and sat back in his seat helplessly. 's sigh: “It seems that the tragedy of the French was doomed from the beginning. There are too many people who want them to suffer, and too few who are willing to support them.

Frankly speaking, if it were not for the defeat of France that disrupted the balance of Europe, I would have gone to celebrate. " In the "sigh", there is also a feeling of sadness. The popularity of the French Empire is not good, and the popularity of Britain is not much better.

If it were not protected by the strait, Britain's situation would not be much better than France. But now This strait is not so safe anymore.

After venting for a while, Gladstone asked: "What's going on? Is the Anti-French Alliance willing to accept our mediation in this war? George shook his head: "Unfortunately, both Russia and Austria have clearly expressed their rejection." You know, the rest of the countries are just outsiders, and it is impossible to confront Austria, the new overlord, over this issue. Gladstone almost roared: "Are the Russians crazy? If they don't check and balance Austria, the future of the European continent will have nothing to do with them!" George asked back: "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, do you think the Russians' strategic focus is still in Europe?" " This is a sad topic. From the actual actions of the Tsarist government, we can see that the Russian strategic focus has shifted to the South Asian subcontinent, but everyone is unwilling to believe it. After a moment of silence,

Gladstone He picked up the coffee and took a sip, then slowly said: "So, all our previous plans have failed! " In Europe, it wants to suppress Austria, and in Asia it has to compete with the Russians for India. Britain is now fighting against the two major powers on its own.

In this context, the so-called provocation of the Russian-Austrian conflict is a joke. Britain relies on its Strength has become the key to maintaining the existence of the Russian-Austrian Alliance.

George shrugged: "It is not a complete failure. Austria did not swallow the French warships in one gulp, but was preparing to auction the French warships.

It may be that we cannot afford so many warships due to financial pressure; it may be that the internal spoils are unevenly distributed and we cannot withstand the pressure from our allies; or it may be that we do not want another naval competition with us. In short, we have achieved half of our goal.

It is said that the Anti-French Alliance is preparing to invite all independent countries around the world to participate in the auction. If we want to prevent Austria from getting the French warships, we'd better get involved.

However, there are risks involved. If the Austrians cannot afford so many warships, we will take over for them if we get involved. " ...

(End of this chapter)

