
Chapter 965 Spoils Sharing Meeting

The autumn wind rolled up the yellow leaves, bringing the joy of a good harvest. The European War that lasted for more than a year was over, and now it was time to reap the fruits of victory.

The Vienna Grand Hotel, which used to be unattainable, is now overcrowded. The sudden increase in customers has given Drost, the lobby manager, a huge headache.

Working in the most luxurious hotel in the world, and having to interact with big names from all walks of life every day, Drost is also used to seeing big storms.

The Vienna Grand Hotel is not always full. In the past, it would be full for any major events or celebrations.

Anyway, the hotel has its own rules. Whoever makes the reservation first gets it, and no one dares to make trouble here.

This time was different. Ever since the news came out that the peace conference was going to be held in Vienna, the phone calls for reservations had been overwhelming.

According to incomplete statistics, the people who have confirmed to move in include seven kings, hundreds of nobles, and dozens of dignitaries from various countries.

There is no doubt that it is impossible for only one person to participate in the peace conference. These big shots all came with delegations. Naturally, I chose to stay at the Vienna Grand Hotel because of face.

Even though the price of the Vienna Grand Hotel seems to be unattainable, in fact it is only for ordinary rich people. Naturally, the prices for the big shots to stay are not the same.

This is also mutually beneficial. The sky-high room rates and high-end services reflect everyone's noble status. Anyway, as long as you don't tell anyone, no one will know about the discount. The stay of the nobles also improves the quality of the hotel.

It is always free for top nobles such as kings and grand dukes to stay. Fortunately, these days, the great nobles are more concerned about face. If it were left to later generations, there might be a bunch of exiled monarchs coming over to eat and drink.

When big people get together, problems arise. Nobles are also human beings, and they also have conflicts with each other, and conflicts are inevitable.

That's all. Nobles also have a reputation. Unless they drink too much, they can still maintain their self-cultivation under normal circumstances. If a conflict does occur, it is not something a hotel manager can intervene in.

Looking at the row of ranking lists, Drost was so worried that he was almost bald. There is no way, there are not enough rooms that match the identity!

Big shots also want to save face. If status and treatment do not match, they will fall out in minutes.

A headache is a headache, but work still needs to be done. If such a trivial matter cannot be handled, Drost will be the end of his career as a manager.

...

At the Royal Opera House in Vienna, the countries of the Anti-French Alliance gathered together and began a closed-door meeting. If nothing else goes wrong, this spoils-sharing meeting will end before delegations from various countries arrive.

As for the subsequent Vienna Peace Conference, it was just a procedure to implement the contents of the spoils division conference.

"Your Majesty the Marquis, the European War has just ended, wouldn't it be inappropriate to put all the French warships up for auction?" Spanish Foreign Minister Behdad Salimi questioned. There is no way, who made the European War end, the war belonging to Spain is not over yet!

As an old power, although it has declined, the Spanish's arrogance still exists. It doesn't matter if you suffer a little injustice on the European continent, it's because you are not strong enough. But the Japanese also came to cause trouble, so we couldn't bear it.

In the past few months, the Philippine fleet has been almost completely wiped out, and even the Philippine Islands have been lost. However, the Spanish government still has not surrendered.

The one who gave them the confidence was naturally the Anti-French Alliance. According to the prior agreement, Austria made a promise: after the victory of the European War, Spain would obtain part of the French fleet.

The warship that was agreed upon suddenly turned into an auction, and Behdad Salimi naturally couldn't accept it. You know, the Spanish government is still waiting to get the warships to teach the Japanese a lesson!

Weisenberg smiled slightly and immediately assured: "Your Excellency, please rest assured that Austria's prior commitment is still valid. There is no way to auction the French warships.

Everyone knows how large the French navy is. In the just-ended European War, Among them, Austria has paid too heavy a price and has no plans to expand its navy in the short term.

We will not participate in the distribution and everything will be divided up by everyone. I am afraid that the financial pressure on each country will be very great.

Moreover, the essence of the French Navy is only that hundred Come to an ironclad ship, and the remaining auxiliary warships can only be regarded as useless. If you don't bundle sales, you won't be able to find buyers at all.

If you want to get some warships, just get them from the auction. Don't worry too much about the price. We can operate in secret.

Of course, if someone pays a sky-high price, there is no need for you to grab it. If the auction fails, we can just sell a batch of active warships to you at a low price afterwards." Weisenberg did not keep secrets. Austria is indeed interested in France. Human warships are not interested. As for the news getting out, no one knows whether the British believe it or not.

This is just a small problem. If you fool the British, you will be considered a profit. If you don't, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter how much it is sold, but it really can't be disposed of. The worst is to accept the French warships.

It doesn't increase combat effectiveness, but it can still be used to scare people. As long as you don't pull out and compete with the Royal Navy, there is no risk. The only drawback is that it costs a little money.

"Warships are just a small problem. You can deal with them in any way. Let's discuss how to deal with France!" The representative of Belgium spoke. As the biggest victim of this war, Belgium is now a mess.

Not only has the economy suffered heavy losses, but even the people have been ruined. At this moment, the Belgian government is busy calling on the exiled people to return to the country to rebuild their homes, and it really can't care about warships or not.

If it cannot get enough compensation from the French, it will be difficult for Belgium to rebuild its homeland.

After glancing at everyone, Weisenberg stood up, picked up a pen, walked to the map on the wall, and drew a curve directly on the French mainland.

"Let's talk about the territory first. The map is here. If anyone is interested, just circle it yourself. If there is no doubt, pass it. If you have any objections, we will discuss it later. This is Austria's goal. We want to take back what was previously occupied by France. The homeland of the HRE, that is, the Kingdom of Burgundy, the Principality of Lorraine, and the Province of Alsace.” (The Kingdom of Burgundy: today's Franche-Comté region)

In terms of territorial area, the above areas combined are not At 50,000 square kilometers, it is less than one-tenth of the French mainland.

The calculable value cannot just be based on the territory. Just look at the economy. Alsace and the Kingdom of Burgundy are both important industrial and resource areas in France, and Lorraine is an important agricultural area.

Austria obtained the above-mentioned areas, France's industry directly shrank by one-third, and its overall national strength dropped by at least a quarter.

Oscar Jimenez hesitated to speak. From the standpoint of the Russian Empire, he naturally did not want Austria to continue to grow, but now was obviously not the time to intervene.

The Russian army was just a soy sauce player in this war, and its own voice was not high. Moreover, Austria is not alone. It has enlisted the help of Belgium, Switzerland, Saudi Arabia and Spain to carve up France.

Being a bad person at this time has no effect at all except offending others.

Watching others drawing circles on the map, Oscar Jimenez forced himself to hold back his desire. There is no way, even if it is allocated an enclave, the Russian Empire will not be able to operate it.

Everyone's expansion direction is along the local coast, there is no conflict of interest between each other, and no one is causing trouble, the scene is naturally harmonious.

"If there is no objection, then this will be used as a draft for the post-war territorial disposition of France. The specific details will be determined later." Negotiating the division of spoils is a complex job that cannot be completed by one or two people. All countries have to lead Came with the team.

Everyone present is a high-level official from various countries. They should respect their status and decide on the general direction. The specific details of negotiation and exchange of interests are still carried out by the people below.

After a pause, Weisenberg looked up and saw the complicated expressions of everyone. He didn't care what everyone thought, as long as no one objected.

"Now let's move on to the next topic - war reparations. In principle, we still respect the wishes of all countries and determine their respective shares based on the actual situation, as well as everyone's contribution and sacrifices to the war.

Now to determine the total amount of reparations, first Let me start by counting the war losses of various countries.

In the past year, Austria suffered a total of 742,300 killed in the anti-French war, 2,141,600 injured, consumed 15.46 million tons of strategic materials, and spent 6.698 billion in war funds. The direct economic loss is as high as 18.6 billion Aegis, and the indirect economic loss is 56.4 billion Aegis..." Water injection definitely exists. Austria's loss statistics have not been completed. Where can we get accurate data?

Except for the casualties, which are difficult to fabricate and are basically true, the other data contain serious flaws.

The only thing everyone can be sure of is that as the main force in this anti-French war, Austria must have paid a high price.

"A total of 200,000 Belgian soldiers were killed in this war, more than 5 million people were displaced, and civilian casualties exceeded 500,000. The economic losses cannot be calculated. Preliminary estimates are that they will not be less than 10 billion Aegis...

" Halfway through, the Belgian representative burst into tears involuntarily. There was no way, Belgium was really miserable after the war.

It can be said that once we returned to primitive society, the city turned into ruins, and the factories and mines that were once there were now grass growing and orioles flying.

Compared with the loss of more than 50 billion in the water-injected version of Austria, Belgium's loss of 10 billion is the real deal.

It's not that they don't want to inject water, it's just that they can't. The entire country is gone, and the plate is only so big. Everyone knows how much loss there will be.

In view of Belgium's tragic experience, everyone wanted to offer words of comfort, but they didn't know how to speak.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 966: "Draft for Dealing with France"

After a series of bargaining, on December 17, 1891, the anti-French alliance finally reached an agreement and signed the "Draft for Dealing with France." At this point, the spoils sharing meeting is almost complete. Just get the French to sign it at the Vienna Peace Conference to confirm its legality.

Although the countries of the Anti-French Alliance had made an agreement in advance, the fact that they were able to reach a preliminary agreement in less than two months is still a manifestation of efficiency.

After getting the signed treaty, Franz strongly suspected that everyone was going so fast just to go home for Christmas as soon as possible.

The "draft" is indeed a "draft". Except for the agreement on the general framework, the specific details are basically blank, and even many clauses are ambiguous.

For example: the territories that were divided into France only had one place name, and the specific boundary lines were not reflected in the treaty.

It seems clear, but in fact there is a huge gap. In the history of Europe for thousands of years, the area governed by the same place name is not static. The specific period is not specified in the treaty.

As a vested interest, this is obviously a good thing for Austria. The absence of a clear agreement means that there is more room for maneuver, and even a slight shift in the boundary line is not a problem.

The boundary line is not clear, and the amount of compensation is also not fixed. It is only agreed on the distribution ratio of each country, and the specific details can be discussed later.

In any case, we have to leave something for the Vienna Peace Conference to do and listen to the opinions of various countries. Otherwise, the drama behind it will not be possible.

The contents of the treaty are as follows:

In terms of territory , Austria takes back the Principality of Lorraine, the Province of Alsace, and parts of the Kingdom of Burgundy (Franche-Comté region), totaling approximately 47,000 square kilometers; the County of Flanders, Attau The Kingdom of Warbourg (Northern Pas de Calais Region) was assigned to Belgium, with an area of ​​​​about 12,000 square kilometers; the Principality of Savoie (Haute-Savoie, Savoie Province) was assigned to Switzerland, with an area of ​​​​about 10,300 square kilometers;

part of Provence The region was assigned to the Kingdom of Sardinia, with an area of ​​​​approximately 23,000 square kilometers;

Corsica was assigned to Tuscany, with an area of ​​​​approximately 8,682 square kilometers;

Spain took back the Roussillon region, with an area of ​​​​approximately 24,000 square kilometers;

Andorra became independent (468 square kilometers), Monaco restored its original territory (20 square kilometers).

War reparations were 33.4% for Austria, 20% for the Russian Empire, 25.5% for the German Confederation, 15.5% for Belgium, 0.3% for Spain, 0.2% for Switzerland, 4.5% for all Italian states, and 0.2% each for Montenegro, Greece , and Armenia.

France needs to pay a total of 50 to 80 billion Aegis in war reparations (the specific figure was determined at the Vienna Peace Conference). Countries formed a joint bank to provide loans to the French government to pay the compensation, with a monthly interest of 0.5%, and the principal and interest will be repaid in ninety-nine years. .

...

Although Austria has tried very hard, it still has not been able to completely divide France. Even driving the French out of the Mediterranean failed.

It's not that it can't be done, it's that it can't be done. There is no problem in ceding territory after losing the battle, but ceding territory must be limited, and it is best to have a legal basis.

As the de facto hegemon of the European continent, Austria has become the biggest beneficiary under the rules system, so it naturally has to uphold the rules of the game.

In this context, the carving up of France and Austria was all under the guise of recovering lost land, and the land obtained was also the former homeland of the Holy Ra.

This statement is indeed a bit far-fetched, but it is better to have a legal basis than none. In addition, the fist is big enough, so it is barely legal.

In contrast, the land allocated to allies is not so particular. Except for Spain, which reluctantly found historical support, all others can be considered defeated and ceded territory.

It's not that Franz is unwilling to give more, the problem is that the allies are limited in size, and if you force it on them, they might choke to death.

Moreover, the distribution of benefits must also be fair and must be able to convince the public. If it crosses the line, the prestige that Austria has finally built up will be gone.

A careful study of the benefit distribution plan shows that the treaty is full of compromise. Except for the Russians' compensation, which was agreed in advance, the rest was based on their respective contributions.

For example: Spain was a victim of soy sauce on the battlefield. Apart from the pre-agreed recovery of lost territory, the war reparations received were only symbolic.

Because Belgium suffered heavy losses in the war, its contribution was not small, and it received a lot of territory and compensation.

The German Confederation, which also made a significant contribution, received the second-largest share of war reparations after Austria because it did not receive territorial compensation.

The Kingdom of Sardinia seems to have gained a lot of territory, but in fact it was based on the division of the Principality of Savoy to Switzerland, which was in the nature of compensation.

Moreover, these benefits are not something that their family can enjoy, and they must be separated from other Italian states later.

This is the result of Austria's deliberate care. Otherwise, it would be great for the Italian state, which made limited contributions in the anti-French war, to become independent. What more bicycles do you want?

This can be regarded as imitating the British nail-burying tactic. It is estimated that the relationship between the Kingdom of Sardinia and Switzerland will not be better in the future, and the relations with other countries will most likely not be better either.

Putting down the text of the treaty, Franz asked doubtfully: "Why is there no content about the distribution of colonies?" It's not that Franz is making a fuss. As the third colonial empire in the world, the French have many colonies, many of which are high-quality assets. Logically speaking, it should be something that everyone is fighting for, but now it is not mentioned in the draft.

Weisenberg explained: "Your Majesty, the colonial issue has indeed been discussed, but everyone is more than willing and unable to do so.

Belgium is busy with post-war reconstruction and has no extra energy to run the colonies; Spain still has to fight the Philippine War, and Gu It's not about fighting for colonies.

Originally, the Russians wanted to get French Indochina, but unfortunately the British were eyeing it. We can't compete with the British in the Far East, let alone the Russians. The remaining countries are similar and limited. In terms of national strength, even if the colonial interests were determined at the meeting, they were unable to hold on to them, so they simply shelved this part." The German Confederation was not mentioned, because the Anschluss was already in progress. Now it is only to set off Austria's image that the German Confederation participates in the distribution of post-war benefits alone.

Otherwise, Austria will take too much, which will easily cause everyone's psychological imbalance.

In fact, some people are already feeling unbalanced right now. Otherwise, there would not have been a problem of “putting aside” the allocation of colonies.

The most fertile "French Africa" ​​was swallowed up by Austria. The remaining French colonies are scattered all over the world. They all have their own special characteristics and are not accessible to everyone.

Since you can't get it, it's natural to keep it out of sight. Since its allies did not participate in the distribution of colonies, Austria naturally could not force everyone to endorse it.

Franz nodded: "Since they are not willing to participate, then we will solve the colonial problem ourselves.

In addition to the French Africa that we have already won, we also need to get as much French overseas colonial islands as possible. , and the French American part.

As for the French Indochina, we can't take care of it for the time being. If the British want it, just give it to them. We can't stop it anyway.

These are minor problems. The real trouble is France's debt problem .The French cannot afford the final war compensation, whether it is 50 billion or 80 billion, and a debt default will inevitably occur.

These issues must be considered. Once the French default on their debt, what measures should we take? Whatever measures are taken, it is best to clearly stipulate them in the treaty." If it were tens of billions of francs, the French government would probably have gritted its teeth to get it together, but it is a pity that the anti-French alliance wanted Aegis.

Even if it is based on the minimum standard of 50 billion Aegis, it is equivalent to 183,000 tons of gold, which may not be possible even if it is sold to France.

Not only could the principal be repaid, but even the interest could not be repaid. Calculated based on the monthly interest rate of 0.5%, the monthly monthly interest is 250 million Aegis.

Not to mention the French, even Austria, which printed the Aegis, cannot afford this debt.

It doesn't matter if he can't pay it back, Franz was not prepared to let the Frenchman pay him back in the first place. With this debt weighed down, Austria had enough reason to prohibit the French from developing armaments.

In fact, the French's plan to restrict Germany in the original time and space was correct, but there was a problem during implementation, and they got themselves into trouble.

Prime Minister Karl reminded: "Your Majesty, the amount of this debt is too huge, and it is impossible for the French to repay it.

Even if the Paris government agrees, the French people will oppose it. Once all French people boycott, we may not only pay back If the indemnity cannot be paid, military expenditures will continue to be spent.

For the benefit of the empire, it is best to set an indemnity amount that is within their tolerance. This can not only limit the development of France, but also avoid the pressure of public opinion." If you can't afford it,

just pay it back . Failure to repay and defaulting on debt is nothing new. If the situation gets too urgent, France is likely to enter a long period of anarchy, and then the mountains and plains will be filled with guerrillas.

This is continental Europe, and many extreme measures cannot be used. If the worst happens, there is actually nothing Austria can do.

The so-called military control of France is actually more of an intimidation factor than a practical one. The anti-French alliance is indeed strong, but if there is really no reward, no one will be willing to accompany Austria to go crazy.

Franz nodded: "The Prime Minister is right, the French cannot afford this compensation. It would be unsightly if they were pushed too hard. However,

the amount of compensation was approved by the Anti-French Alliance meeting, which means that we Most of our allies recognize this figure, and we cannot change it easily.

The Vienna Peace Conference will begin in two months. It will be discussed at the conference and let the French find ways to persuade countries to reduce the amount of reparations.

As long as the French government is willing to disband the army and promise not to develop armaments, we will not make things difficult for them on the issue of reparations." Frankly speaking, Franz did not expect that such a huge reparation figure could be passed at an internal meeting of the Anti-French Alliance.

According to the prior plan, Franz would be satisfied as long as the French could bear the compensation of 3 billion Aegis.

It's not that there can't be more, it's just meaningless. France, which has lost its overseas colonies and suffered the baptism of war in its homeland, is no longer the wealthy French empire.

The compensation of 3 billion Aegis, the monthly monthly interest is 15 million. To collect the monthly reparations, the new French government not only had to disband its army, but also to live frugally.

The purpose of proposing huge reparations is to make the allies object. To be precise, it is to induce the Russians to oppose and make the Russians stand on the opposite side of Spain, Switzerland, Belgium, Turkey and other countries.

Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly. I don't know if the Russians discovered the plan or were tempted by the huge amount of compensation. In short, the Russian representatives did not jump out to object.

No one objected, and it was impossible for Austria to oppose it on its own. Add up the losses claimed by all parties, and then astronomical compensation payments will come out.

Fortunately, this is only a draft and there is room for revision. If a formal treaty were signed, it would force the French government to play dead.

Similar cases also occurred in the original time and space. After World War I, the French proposed an indemnity of 600 to 800 billion gold marks to the Germans, which was then reduced to 132 billion gold marks.

In the end, it was helplessly discovered that the defeated Germans still could not afford the compensation. In order to allow the Germans to pay reparations, the Allied Powers came up with a stupid method of paying off debts with industrial products.

Not only did it save industry for the enemy, it also allowed German manufacturing to enter the British and French colonies unimpeded through reparations. The capital consortium took the opportunity to make a fortune, but the sequelae was that the domestic economy was depressed and no one invested in the manufacturing industry.

With such a precedent, Franz was naturally extremely vigilant. Always remind yourself that reparations are only a means to suppress the enemy, not the ultimate goal.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 967 Flexible Diplomacy

The end of the European War not only means that Austria has gained continental hegemony, but more importantly, the sword hanging over Austria's head no longer exists.

If you look at the "Draft on Dealing with France", you will know that this time Austria has fed its allies to the fullest, and it has also filled its hatred.

It is conceivable how bad the Franco-Austrian relations will be in the future. But these are all minor issues, and there are many countries with high hatred values ​​​​to share.

You cannot spit out the meat you eat. At this point, if the French want to make a comeback, they must first ask their neighbors if they agree.

Today is different from the past. Before the war, the French could look down on these neighbors. After the war, the situation was completely different.

Although declining Spain is weak in strength, it is big! Now that the rich Roussillon region has been taken back, its strength will further develop.

The newly restored Kingdom of Sardinia has little hope for the time being, but its development potential is not small. It also has the support of the Italian states on the anti-French issue. After one unpleasant experience, everyone definitely doesn't want to come again.

Belgium, whose vitality has been severely damaged, is not very strong, but its hatred is as deep as the sea, and it is a vanguard of anti-France.

Although Switzerland, the country of mountains, is not very powerful, everyone knows that the famous Swiss mercenaries are definitely a tough nut to crack.

If France wants to make a comeback, no matter which direction it comes from, it will be difficult to achieve a breakthrough. Especially Austria is still watching covetously from the sidelines. If the movement becomes a little louder, it will be another anti-French war.

According to the analysis of the think tank, after the war, the combined national strength of the four countries of Spain, Switzerland, Belgium and Saudi Arabia was comparable to France. As long as the French are not allowed to break through each one, the blockade network is unbreakable.

The threat on the Western Front ceased to exist, and the continent was at peace. As long as Austria does not take the initiative to cause trouble, no one will be able to do so.

As a pacifist, Franz decided to stay home and farm less in the coming years.

Well, these are all deceptive. The truth is that Austria is full and needs to stop and digest.

War is a gold-eating beast. Even though Austria seems to have won easily this time, in fact the Vienna government is also heavily in debt.

In order to support this war, Austria not only emptied its national treasury, but also borrowed 800 million Aegis from banks, and launched three war bonds from the private sector, totaling 760 million Aegis.

If it only increases debt by more than a billion, it is not worth Franz's worries. After all, the Vienna government's financial situation is in good condition and there is no pressure to bear this debt.

The problem is that the Anschluss has already begun. Other regions do not need much support from Austria, but reconstruction expenses in the Rhineland are indispensable.

On this issue, don't expect the German federal government to spend money. They are already heavily in debt.

Not long ago, there was a general strike by public employees due to unpaid wages, and the rubber-stamp emperor of Hanover had long since given up.

According to the previous agreement, after the Vienna Peace Conference, George I would announce the dissolution of the Federation and then give up the throne. Anyway, it has nothing to do with me, so it's just a matter of course.

In the end, Franz couldn't stand it and supported a sum of money to allow the government to operate normally.

The real unlucky ones are the creditors of the German federal government. There are no more debtors and no heirs can be found to bear the debt, so the creditor's rights will naturally disappear.

The governments of the following states will not admit the debt, and Franz will also not admit the debt. No matter where the lawsuit goes, no one can say that the Holy Roman Empire is the successor to the German Confederation.

Debts may not be inherited, but territory must be received. The Rhineland region is a federal territory of Germany and does not belong to any state. After the merger, it will naturally become a federal territory of Vienna.

Needless to say, since it is a territory directly under the central government, it will naturally be rebuilt with funds from the central government. The countries below can at most provide some humanitarian support, but legally they do not bear responsibility.

The resettlement of millions of people returning to their hometowns, from food, clothing, housing, transportation to jobs, all need to be solved by the Vienna government. Just thinking about it makes people's scalp numb.

In comparison, the construction of newly occupied areas is nothing. Although the cost is also huge, there is no time requirement!

After repatriating the locals, it became a no-man's land, and the Vienna government could develop it whenever it wanted.

In addition to these expenses, there is a huge hole to fill. As the war continues, the Austrian army has also paid a heavy price, and the casualty compensation is also an astronomical sum.

So far, the Vienna government has paid a total of 460 million EEG in pensions. This is not the end yet, it is only a matter of time before the cost exceeds 1 billion.

Now it depends on how much military merit fields can be used to offset it. If all the soldiers choose to take cash, it is estimated that the Vienna government is not far from bankruptcy.

Adding up all the expenses, the final cost that the Vienna government needs to spend because of this war will definitely not be less than 5 billion Aegis.

The direct economic losses caused by the war were as high as 7 billion Aegis, and the indirect economic losses even exceeded 15 billion Aegis.

Based on purely economic calculations, it is not unfair at all to ask the French to pay tens of billions of Aegis.

However, the reality is very cruel. No matter how many demands are made, if people don't have money, they just don't have money. No matter how high the compensation amount is set, what you get in the end is only what you have in your pocket.

If it had not been for the harvest of a large number of colonies, the elimination of obstacles to the unification of the German region, and the establishment of Austria's European hegemony, the Vienna government would have lost its pants in this war.

In this regard, Franz had to thank the French for their rich wealth. Comparing the war in the original time and space, we know that Britain and France, as the victorious countries, both lost their pants.

After this unpleasant experience, Franz finally understood why Britain and France used appeasement policies before World War II. It's not that politicians don't know the risks, it's that they can no longer afford to fight.

"Peace is created." The meaning of this sentence is truly reflected here.

No matter what others think, Austria cannot afford to fight anyway. Fortunately, this war only lasted for one year. If it had lasted for three to five years, it would have really shaken the foundation.

Thinking of this, Franz admired the Tsarist government. The Near Eastern War, the Prussian-Russian War, the Anglo-Russian War... There has been no peace in the Russian Empire since Franz succeeded to the throne, and there has been one almost every ten years.

After experiencing so many wars, the tsarist government not only persisted, but the foundation of its rule was not shaken. There were even fewer domestic conflicts than in the original time and space.

Of course, easing domestic conflicts also comes at a cost. The population of the Russian Empire was a full 20 million less than the same period in the original time and space, and the total industrial volume was far less than the same period in history. The only things that exceeded the original time and space were probably the territory and agriculture.

The overall national strength has declined, but the political power has stabilized. What was supposed to be a joke actually happened.

However, if you study history carefully, you will find that similar things happened more than once in history.

Every time a dynasty changes, a large number of people will die, and then social conflicts will ease. As long as the ruling class does not seek death, a prosperous age will come.

The situation in the Russian Empire is similar. The Tsarist government survived the most dangerous war period and became the winner. Now it is natural to enjoy the fruits of victory.

From this perspective, the European continent often launched wars in the Middle Ages, and it was not just the noble lords who were warlike, but also the intention of using war to reduce the population.

...

One wave has not subsided, and another wave has arisen.

While the anti-French alliance was immersed in the victory of the anti-French war, the British were not idle. Taking advantage of the defeat of the French and having no time to worry about overseas, they brazenly sent troops to invade the French Indochina Peninsula.

No, it's not certain it's an invasion yet. The British took out the colonial transfer agreement signed with the Bonaparte dynasty. If the content is true, it is just an ordinary colonial transaction.

There is no doubt that with such a disastrous defeat on the European continent, the French colonial government overseas naturally had no determination to resist the British.

After seeing the colonial transfer agreement, regardless of whether it was true or not, the colonial governments surrendered one after another.

No, it should be said that there was a transfer of territory. Although the British took over the colony, the French troops were not disarmed, let alone entered into prison camps.

The rapid progress overseas has not comforted the British government. As the day of the Vienna Peace Conference approached day by day, the smile on Gladstone's face became less and less.

No matter how much we eat overseas, it's just scraps. The Anti-French Alliance's power could not be extended, so they took an advantage.

Such bargaining means nothing in the current international situation. Britain, already isolated, became even more isolated.

The original allies and younger brothers are all gone now. It can only be said that the advantages of the Anti-French Alliance are too obvious. No matter how hard the London government tries to win over them, no European country stands with them.

Gladstone, who was originally planning to cause trouble at the Vienna Peace Conference, now has no interest. The current international situation is very obvious. As long as the anti-French alliance does not disband, the European continent will have no right to speak.

Foreign Secretary George: "According to news from the Embassy in Vienna, the closed-door meeting of the Anti-French Alliance has ended. The specific content is temporarily unknown, but they have expelled the French.

Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, Spain, Sardinia, etc. The capital has taken action to expel the French in the border areas. It is initially estimated that the anti-French alliance has reached an agreement to carve up France. The current expulsion actions are mostly to prepare for the subsequent territorial annexation.

Because the French army had previously been in the German region We have taken similar actions, and now the Anti-French Alliance is going to retaliate, so we cannot morally condemn it." The Holy Mother is not popular these days, and blood repayment with blood is the mainstream of the times. The European Continental War was a war of aggression launched by the French, and it was natural for the anti-French alliance to retaliate.

Of course, the more important thing is that the Anti-French Alliance is too powerful. Most European countries are members of the anti-French alliance, and a few neutral countries have also joined the team.

The European continent has a unanimous position, and Britain's transcendent status naturally ceases to exist. Standing directly opposite the anti-French alliance, the London government is also cowardly.

Upon receiving this bad news, Gladstone frowned even more: "Find out the contents of the treaty at all costs, and don't rush to express your position before that.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs continues to communicate with Russia and Spain. Austria is too powerful It is not in their interests and encourages them to come out to fight for the spoils." This is a conspiracy. Every major European country has a dream of European hegemony, and Russia and Spain are no exception.

Austria has become the biggest stumbling block on their way to hegemony, and they certainly wouldn't mind kicking it away if given the chance.

George shook his head: "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, this is impossible. Spain has declined and is now busy counterattacking the Philippines. It is when it needs Austria's support that it is impossible to turn its back. The Russians are indeed ambitious, but Their road to the west has been blocked, and without enough confidence, they will not fall out with Austria." "Potential" competitors are only "potential." Spain is too weak and has no capital to compete for hegemony; it is true that the Russians are powerful, but the Tsarist government is not stupid either.

It is easy to fight for the spoils, but the problem is to eat them. Whether it is carving up the French mainland or fighting for overseas colonies, a powerful navy is needed to back it up.

This is exactly what the Russian Empire did not possess. Falling out with an ally for something you can't get is only possible if your brain is flooded.

Gladstone slammed the table: "We must do it even if we can't do it. The Anti-French Alliance is too powerful. We can't directly compete with them, we can only disintegrate it from within.

If Russia and Spain cannot be persuaded to oppose Austria, then find a way to join the alliance. In short, Britain cannot be isolated from the European world. " Join if you can't do it. This is Britain's traditional skill. I think that France and Austria were allies in the past. However, after Britain joined, the two countries soon became strangers.

If there are international relations experts who study this period of history, they will You will find that there is an obvious turning point in the relationship between France and Austria.

Before the establishment of the Triple Alliance, the two countries could be said to be in a honeymoon period; after the establishment of the Triple Alliance, the conflicts between the two countries continued to intensify, directly leading to the disintegration of the alliance.

From this aspect, Britain also played a disgraceful role in this European war, but it just misjudged the strength of both sides, which led to the collapse of the game in the later stages.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 968: Tangled...

It is not only the international situation that worries the British government, but also the accompanying economic problems.

If nothing else goes wrong, most of the markets that the French have withdrawn from will be replaced by Austrian industrial and commercial products, and Britain can only pick up some leftovers.

The law of "the strong always gets stronger" also applies here. Austria itself is an industrial overlord, and now that it has captured the French market, domestic industry and commerce will definitely develop further.

Anyone with a little common sense knows that the more industrial and commercial products are produced, the lower the cost and the stronger the market competitiveness.

The market is so big, and further development of Austria's industry and commerce will inevitably lead to competition with Britain.

Not to mention other regions, at least Britain's market share in Europe will definitely be squeezed.

As the market shrinks, corporate profits will decline, and the money invested in product research and development and promotion will also decrease. This is a vicious cycle.

Of course, these are long-term issues. Britain has the richest colony in the world and can sustain it in the short term.

The worst case scenario is to slowly transform the economy, abandon the manufacturing industry with low profits, and vigorously develop the financial and service industries. This was done in the original time and space, and it is naturally possible now.

The long-term problem is the next one, or the next one. Gladstone doesn't have to worry about them. The immediate troubles are enough to give him a headache.

As the world's largest financial empire, loan sharking is naturally indispensable. Everyone knows that those who play finance are bold and have no integrity.

As long as the benefits are great enough, no matter how big the risks are, someone will do it.

Britain advocates a free economy, and the government does not interfere with private lending. In the European War, this group of speculators was naturally indispensable.

Some people gain blood, and some people lose blood. With the end of the European War, the financial groups that had bet on the French government were now trapped.

If the consortium's money was tied up, Gladstone would just open champagne to celebrate and not care about the life and death of these vampires.

It's a pity that the vampires are very smart and have carefully planned the script. The profits are their own, and the losses are raised from the private sector.

From the end of the European War to the present, more than 300 financial institutions in Britain have declared bankruptcy, leaving the mess directly to the government.

Debt collection is impossible. Judging from the current situation, even if the French government has money, it has been plundered by the anti-French alliance. It is estimated that it will be impossible to fulfill this debt within decades.

Before the French's bad debts could be dealt with, the German Federation defaulted on its debt again, giving the London government another blow.

This time it's not just private lending, many of the loans are backed by security from the British government.

There was no way, the German federal government declared bankruptcy. In order to save money, they even canceled the embassy in London and entrusted the business to the Austrian embassy in London.

It's not that the German federal government is deliberately "renewing on its debt", they really have no money now. The following states did not pay taxes, and the central region was destroyed again. The government lost all its income. Even the salaries of Public employees had to be advanced by Austria, let alone repay the money.

As settlement approaches at the end of the year, the government cannot come up with the money to pay its debts and has no choice but to go bankrupt and default.

In fact, the German Federation is not the only one going bankrupt. The Belgian government, which had lost its homeland, also declared bankruptcy at this time.

No money means no money, no one pretends to be poor. They are not targeting Britain alone, but defaulting on all debts together. It's just that Britain lent the most and became the biggest victim.

"Have the governments of Belgium and Germany given their explanations?" Gladstone, the French government, simply ignored it. Obviously, he did not think that money could be taken out from under the nose of the anti-French alliance.

It was a well-known fact that the governments of Belgium and Germany had no money, and Gladstone did not expect them to cough up the money immediately.

It doesn't matter if you don't have money, Britain has a professional financial team. As long as you can put up enough collateral, it's no problem to borrow another loan.

The key lies in the attitude of solving the problem. Whether you have to "suspend payment" because you have no money, or whether you have to "default".

"The plan given by the Belgian government is to defer payment for five years and use the French war reparations as guarantee. After five years, the war reparations paid by the French will be paid to us first. The plan given by the German federal government is to transfer debts and directly pay the war reparations during the war. The corresponding amount will be deducted from the compensation, and the French will bear the debt.

In theory, the plans of the two governments of Belgium and Germany are acceptable. The only question is whether the French have the ability to pay." It is not that George is soft-hearted, it is actually the current situation special. Belgium is so poor now that the national treasury doesn't even need to open the door, so it can't produce oil at all.

The situation in the German Confederation seems to be better, but this government is too weak and may shut down at any time.

If the debt problem is not dealt with quickly, when Austria announces the restoration of the Holy Roman Empire and dissolves the illegal organization of the German Confederation, even the creditors will be wiped out.

No country will pay for the illegal government established by the chaos, unless Britain can get Austria to recognize the legitimacy of the German federal government.

This is obviously impossible. Recognizing the legitimacy of the German federal government would mean the division of the empire. Vienna could withstand the pressure thirty years ago, let alone now.

"It's troublesome!" "Judging from the current situation, the Anti-French Alliance will definitely hit the French hard, and the war compensation will probably not be one billion pounds.

Belgium's sacrifices in this war are very heavy, so Austria should be appeased regardless of reason, and the proportion of compensation it will receive should not be low.

With five years as a buffer, the French should have recovered some of their strength. Even if they are unable to pay the compensation in full, the portion allocated to Belgium every year will be enough to pay our debts. Even if there are shortcomings, the Belgians can make up for it.

The proposal of the German federal government is troublesome. It seems that we have no losses in the transfer of creditor's rights, but in fact we need to bear a very high risk.

Not only do the French have to worry about their ability to pay, there are also political risks to consider. If Russia and Austria play tricks on this, allowing the French to deliberately delay, or put the transferred debts at the end, we will probably not see any money by the end of this century. " It is no wonder that Gladstone is not worried. Britain has used similar tactics. Now the tide has turned and it is their turn to be passive.

Accepting the transfer of creditor's rights from the German Federation means high risks; rejecting the transfer of creditor's rights will not even bear the risk. There is no chance.

The current German federal government is like a limited liability company with huge debts and about to go bankrupt, with the lowest registered capital. Anyway,

everyone only bears responsibility within the scope of the registered capital, whether it is a legal person, Either the shareholders chose to stop their losses in time and had no intention of saving the company.

As a creditor, Britain is in tragedy. It must either collect the company's external bad debts or wait for bankruptcy liquidation.

Foreign Minister George added: "It's not just us, the German Federation Other creditors are now treated in the same way, including the Royal Bank of Austria.

Now George I has closed his doors and left everything to the German federal government. The separation between the Kingdom of Hanover and the German Federation has been completed.

In order to stop losses, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs proposed using colonies to pay off debts, but they still rejected it. Aivar is also clamoring that he will go to war with us as long as he dares to touch their colonies. " It's not a fuel-saving lamp. Even Britain's own son has rebelled now. No matter how good the relationship was in the past, they will never bear the debt. Even if they know that they will offend Britain to death,

they are helpless now. Feared. Anyway, the revived Holy Roman Empire is the hegemon of the European continent. If the British want to cause trouble, the central government will take care of it. There is no need to be cowardly.

...

It is not only the British government that is also struggling, but also the Japanese government in Tokyo. It feels good. Even though the Japanese army has occupied the Philippine Islands, Emperor Meiji is not pleased.

There is no way, the plan does not change quickly. I was originally prepared to speculate after the situation became clear, but unfortunately due to the inconvenience of communication, the news from the Japanese government lagged behind It took a few days.

However, in just a few days, the French surrendered. Even the letter of war prepared by the Japanese government could not be sent out.

Even if it wanted to force the porcelain, the French Indochina Peninsula was preempted by the British. , several small islands of the French in Nanyang fell into the hands of Austria, none of which they dared to offend. The failure of speculation put Japan in a very embarrassing position now, and the international situation was not friendly to them, especially next time The Vienna Peace Conference.

Spain is a European country and a member of the anti-French alliance. It is clear who everyone will support at the Vienna Peace Conference.

Unable to obtain recognition from all countries, the Philippine Islands they occupied are rootless and can be destroyed at any time. They may be robbed.

In the following days, they not only have to worry about the Spanish counterattack, but also be wary of the British and Austrian attacks on them.

In the past, Spain was able to defend the Philippine Islands not only because of its strength, but simply Looking at their strength, Spain, the Netherlands, and Portugal are not qualified to hold on to the colonies in their hands. It is more about political factors.

Now that the situation in Europe has changed drastically, and the Philippine Islands have fallen into the hands of the Japanese, the original political factors no longer apply at this time.

Having missed the opportunity for speculation, the Japanese government has to rely on its strength to defend the Philippine Islands.

"Prime Minister, what is the position of European countries? " Ito Hirobumi's expression tightened and he said with some embarrassment: "The situation is not optimistic. I personally visited the ministers of various countries. Even if the empire made concessions, it did not receive clear support from any country.

Among the big powers, the British's position is vague, as if they don't care at all about our occupation of the Philippine Islands; the Russians are also more inclined to Spain, and after the empire made concessions, they did not receive their guarantee.

Austria's position is the most unfavorable to us. Minister Antonio made it clear that he hopes we will give up the Philippine Islands and stop our expansion into the Southeast Asia.

The only good news is that Austria's position is not too firm and it has no intention of military intervention. The objection to our occupation of the Philippine Islands should be because Spain is their ally.

According to news from Europe, the Spanish have begun to form an expeditionary fleet. Currently, they have three new battleships and ten ironclads, all from the French Navy. " Navy Minister Saigo Yumichi asked doubtfully: "Aren't all the French warships going to be auctioned? How come they fell into the hands of the Spanish? " Ito Hirobumi explained helplessly: "The French warships are all trophies of the Anti-French Alliance, and Spain is a member of the Anti-French Alliance. It is no big deal to borrow them in advance before the auction.

Even if there is an auction, it will just be a formality, and these warships will also fall into Spanish hands. The warships that can really be purchased by the outside world are those left over by the countries of the anti-French alliance. " It's normal to open the back door. As a member of the anti-French alliance, there will be problems if you don't have privileges.

Saigo is silent. A century-old navy is not a joke. Regardless of the decline of Spain, they still have a lot of naval heritage. Yes. As long as you have money and warships, you can quickly build a fleet.

The Japanese navy has limited financial resources, and the most advanced warships are only a few ironclads, or cruisers. The most advanced battleships do not exist at all.

Warships are not Ordinary weapons cannot be bought with money. The warships that can be bought on the international market are all second- and third-rate warships, and they may even be simplified versions. The British are the most slippery in this regard.

A pre-dreadnought of more than 10,000 tons faced a cruiser of several thousand tons. It was more of a massacre than a battle. The navy does not rely on blood and courage, and the technical gap cannot be bridged by a few slogans.

No matter how confident he is, Saigo Mongichi does not believe that the few broken ships of the Japanese Navy can compete with the elite warships of the French Navy.

Seeing that the navy was cowed, Army General Oyama Iwa hurriedly said: "Don't worry, Your Majesty. The Imperial Japanese Army is not afraid of any enemy challenge. As long as we are here, it will definitely be able to defend the Philippine Islands." Unlike the navy's worries, the army But full of confidence. In the previous offensive and defensive battles in the Philippine Islands, the Japanese army defeated the Spanish all the way.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 969 Central Asian Railway

To be able to counterattack from a rubber stamp to become a real emperor, Emperor Meiji is not someone who is easy to fool. The Army's sworn "guarantee" not only did not reassure him, but made Emperor Meiji even more uncertain.

As a knowledgeable emperor, Meiji knew very well what kind of troops European countries sent to their overseas colonies. Defeating a colonial army dominated by indigenous people is nothing at all.

Moreover, the protagonist of this war is not the Army. What really determines victory or defeat is diplomacy, followed by the navy.

Ignoring Oyama Iwa's assurance, Emperor Meiji said cautiously and matter-of-factly: "There are only three months left before the Vienna Peace Conference, and we should make preparations.

Prime Minister, you will personally lead the team this time. No." We hope that Britain and Austria can support us, but at least let them remain neutral.

The rise and fall of the empire depends on this..." Ito Hirobumi's expression changed. Based on his understanding of Emperor Meiji, he can be sure that Meiji's confidence has been hit.

He was sent to visit Europe not only to participate in the Vienna Peace Conference, but more importantly, to find a way out and prepare for the worst.

Anyone with a discerning eye knows that participating in the Vienna Peace Conference is a joke. Based on Japan's current international status, it is not even qualified to be on the negotiating table.

It can be seen from the content of the invitation letter that the Anti-French Alliance only invited them to participate in the warship auction conference.

It is not the Japanese government's turn to speak on the matter of establishing a new international order. Once everything is settled, they can just abide by it.

Because of the war in the Philippines, even this warship auction, the Japanese government can only make soy sauce.

It's not about money. As a member of the anti-French alliance, the Spanish are also one of the sellers. It is impossible to sell warships to their enemies in any case.

Even if they buy it, it will be useless. The Spaniards will definitely find a way to choke them. It was impossible for the warship to return home before the end of the war.

In this context, the Vienna Peace Conference was completely useless to the Japanese government, and there was no need for the Prime Minister to personally intervene.

...

St. Petersburg in January is already covered in silver. Under the biting cold wind, the streets and alleys became deserted.

The Feixing Cafe, which used to be bustling with people, has now fallen silent. There were only six or seven people scattered in Nuo Da's living room.

From the look and temperament of everyone, it can be seen that except for the two protagonists, the rest are bodyguards.

...

As one of the protagonists, Russian Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez waved his hand and interrupted: "Mr. Minister, there is no need to repeat these useless words.

We have never had friendship with your country, and now Austria is Our allies. It is impossible to destroy the Russian-Austrian alliance by starting from our side." After being interrupted, Richard not only did not get angry, but showed a satisfied smile.

It is indeed difficult for Britain and Russia to have anything to do with friendship. In the past thirty years, the two countries have fought two wars, with hundreds of thousands of casualties on both sides.

In contrast, the Russian-Austrian alliance, which has lasted for decades with almost no major conflicts, can be called a "friendship." However, the problem cannot be taken at face value. If the relationship between Russia and Austria was really close, there would not have been this secret meeting in these days of ice and snow.

Richard, who is good at observing words and emotions, has already discovered the problem from the conversation just now.

Of course, the greater possibility is that the Russians deliberately sent a signal, otherwise Oscar Jimenez would not have had to emphasize the word "now".

"Your Excellency, I know that there are many misunderstandings between your country and Britain, but those are all in the past, and we have to look forward.

With the end of the European War, the decline of France is a foregone conclusion. If we do not take any measures If you act, then the new European overlord will be Austria.

Now that your country and Austria are allies, it does not mean that they will always be allies. You must know that true allies only exist when they are equal in strength. Once the balance is broken, the situation will be different. Totally different.

Even if your country gives up its westward expansion plan, there is no guarantee that the Austrians will not advance eastward. After all, the only person on the European continent who can affect Austria's hegemony is your country.

Your country's true ally is Austria thirty years ago, not the reborn Holy Roman Empire." In international competition, there has always been one trade-off. Austria became stronger and the Russian Empire became weaker in relative terms.

The British felt threatened by Austria's rise, and so did the Tsarist government. Even because the two countries were neighbors, the tsarist government felt even deeper.

For the benefit of the Russian Empire, or in other words, the Tsarist government had this secret meeting to reassure itself.

After contacting him, Oscar Jimenez was very disappointed. The British are still sowing discord in the same old way, all asking the Russian Empire to do something, not what Britain should do.

It is not impossible to tear up the Russian-Austrian alliance, but the premise is that the benefits must be large enough. Obviously, the British, who like nothing but nothing, did not offer enough.

"Your Excellency is right, but that is just something that may happen. The future has not come yet, and no one can predict in advance what will happen in the end.

At least for now, the Russian-Austrian alliance is still unbreakable, and we will not give up on ourselves just because of a possibility. Allies. So just tell me what your purpose is. There is no need to beat around the bush here." The Russian-Austrian alliance has developed to this day and has penetrated into all fields of the two countries. It cannot be lifted by simply dissolving it. Once they fall out, both parties will suffer heavy losses.

Against this background, despite wanting to limit Austria's development, the Tsarist government exercised restraint and did not take any explicit action. Instead, they pinned their hopes on the enemy and counted on the British to interrupt Austria's development momentum.

In this regard, Britain and Russia both have similar thoughts. Neither one is willing to take the lead at this time, jumping out to attract Austria's hatred and allowing their opponents to benefit.

"Your Excellency, the expansion of Austria is a very serious threat to us. I believe that your country is not willing to live in the shadow of Vienna.

In order to eliminate this threat, we propose that the two countries join forces to sabotage the Vienna Peace Conference and crush Austria. The ambition to establish a new international order will return the international situation to the era of the three pillars, where our three countries will jointly dominate the world." Oscar Jimenez shook his head: "We feel your country's sincerity, but this is not enough. .

Destroyed the Vienna Peace Conference, and the Russian-Austrian Alliance came to an end. The price we have to pay is too great, and it may even lead to domestic economic collapse.

If your country defaults later, we will have to bear Austria's wrath alone. What's in this The risk is too great and has exceeded our ability to bear." Minister Richard assured: "High risks bring high returns. As long as the general trend of Austria's gathering is interrupted, all the efforts will be worth it.

As for your country's We can find ways to make up for some of the losses. In short, we will not let our friends suffer." ...

Alexander III, who was holding conditions from both Russia and Austria at the Gatchina Palace, was having a difficult inner struggle at the moment.

According to the conditions given by the British, as long as it survives the immediate impact, the Russian Empire may soar into the sky, replace Austria, and become the new European hegemon.

However, as great as the benefits are, so are the risks. If the operation fails, or if the British default on the agreement midway, the Russian Empire may be doomed.

Even if we don't think the British will default on this issue, who can say for sure in politics?

The London government is also elected every few years. If you are unlucky and encounter a fool who messes around, the Russian Empire will be in misery.

This kind of thing has never happened in history, and the Russian Empire itself was a victim. Without the miraculous operation of Peter III, the Russian Empire would have become the hegemon of Europe long ago, and there would not be so many troubles at all.

Of course, it was better for Alexander III to have these troubles. After all, if Peter III didn't mess around, he might lose them to butterflies.

In comparison, the conditions provided by Austria are much safer, and the benefits are naturally much smaller. European hegemony is impossible, but South Asian hegemony can still be expected.

Looking out the window, Alexander III asked: "How much does the Central Asian Railway cost? Has the assessment been released?" Finance Minister Alisher Gulov said: "The total length of the main line of the Central Asian Railway is 3,864 kilometers, plus the total length of auxiliary lines. More than 15,600 kilometers.

It not only has to withstand the test of harsh weather, but also has to pass through many harsh terrains along the way. The construction period is expected to be 12 years, and it is initially estimated to cost 1.276 billion gold rubles." Railways have always been a pain for the Russian Empire. Not to mention compared with developed European countries, even the railways in British India next door are better than them.

It's not that the Tsarist government doesn't work hard, it's just that its strength doesn't allow it! The Russian Empire was not only vast in territory, but even more frightening was its harsh climate.

When other countries build railways, after the exploration is completed, the design drawings are produced and work can be started directly.

Not the Russian Empire. Their railways must be able to operate normally in ice and snow. Occasionally, there will be a big drop in temperature, and extreme weather can even reach minus 40 or 50 degrees Celsius.

You get what you pay for. The railway requirements of the Russian Empire are high, and the construction costs are naturally high.

The completion of the railway is only the beginning, and the bigger trouble lies in later operations. The harsh natural climate directly increases the later operation and maintenance costs, which is simply a bottomless pit.

Foreign construction capital is pouring in, and there is no need to worry about funding; but in the Russian Empire, only the government pays for railway construction.

There is no way, who makes the railways of the Russian Empire lose money all the time! No one was doing money-losing business, capital was unwilling to invest, and railway construction naturally slowed down.

If it weren't for Austria's instigation and the French reparations that could be expected, the Tsarist government would never have launched the Central Asian Railway at this time.

"Can the construction period be shortened?" There was no requirement to reduce construction costs. That was because Alexander III knew what the domestic bureaucrats were. If construction costs are really reduced, no one can guarantee that the built railway will be able to open to traffic smoothly.

It's not like things like this have never happened. In the previous railway construction, some idiots shortened the track gauge and sleeper length without authorization in order to save money.

If you want to carefully study the railways that have been successfully opened to traffic, they all have one common characteristic - budget overruns.

To put it simply, it is to first submit a low price to establish the project. When the project was halfway through, it ran out of money, forcing the government to increase investment.

"If the construction is contracted to the Austrian Railways, the total construction period can be reduced by a quarter, and the main line can be extended to the Afghan border within eight years.

However, their quotation is very high. If we provide labor, it will cost 1.886 billion gold rubles; if It was completely constructed by them, and the budget was as high as 3 billion gold rubles." With such a price difference, Alisher Gulov was also helpless. Domestic railway companies do have low budgets, but it is a pity that they cannot be completed smoothly every time. Not only was the construction schedule unguaranteed, but additional budget was required.

The Austrian railway company's asking price is indeed high, but the construction period is guaranteed, the quality is reliable, and it is a one-time quotation. Even if there is an increase later, the increase in the budget will not be too much. The final cost is actually lower.

If this is the case, the Tsarist government should introduce the Austrian Railway Company to reduce construction costs. On the contrary, almost no Austrian railway companies undertook projects in the hands of the Tsarist government.

It was not that the Tsarist government was unwilling to issue the contract, but that no Austrian railway company was willing to accept the order. The reason is very practical. The Tsarist government was poor and payment was not guaranteed.

So much so that the construction of a railway funded by the tsarist government has become a bargaining chip for Austria to negotiate terms, and it is still a very tempting bargaining chip.

As long as the railway is built to Afghanistan, the Russian Empire's door to India will be opened.

Naturally, the tsarist government did not dare to neglect such an important project. If you trust someone else, your investment will be in vain.

The biggest advantage of leaving the construction to Austrian Railways is safety. Everyone knows that the Vienna government wants the Russian Empire to go south and fight the British, so it will definitely protect the quality of this railway.

Even if there is a problem with the budget midway, there is no need to worry about work stoppage. The Austrians will use their fearless internationalism to advance funds for them to complete the project.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 970 High Risk

The insider trading in front of and behind the scenes continues, and the casualty report of the European War has finally been released. There is no doubt that both sides of the war suffered heavy losses, and the war was the most brutal in history.

According to statistics from the Vienna government, this war directly caused the population of the European continent to drop by more than 12 million. Except for the more than four million immigrants who left, the rest died in the war.

Statistics:

Among them, 2.377 million soldiers from the Anti-French Alliance were killed and 1.92 million civilians died. (Deaths in action include those who died later) The specific data are as follows:

Austria: 742,000 soldiers died in action and 28,000 civilians died; (Including colonial wars)

German Confederation: 582,000 soldiers died in action and 587,000 civilians died;

Belgium: 273,000 soldiers died in action Ten thousand people, 556,000 civilians died;

Spain: 21,000 soldiers died; (civilian deaths are ignored)

Switzerland: 6,000 soldiers died; (civilian deaths are ignored)

Kingdom of Sardinia: 176,000 soldiers died, 465,000 civilians died Ten thousand people; (including guerrillas and local uprising armed forces)

...

France: 3.206 million soldiers were killed, including 1.368 million colonial legionaries, 417,000 Italian soldiers, 1.421 million native soldiers, and 886,000 civilians. (Including the Civil War)

Looking at the cold data in his hands, Franz sighed. Except for its slightly shorter duration, the war was as brutal as the original battle in space and time.

In particular, the number of civilian casualties far exceeded that of the original war in time and space. In addition to the wide spread of the war zone, what is more important is the expulsion action.

Even if the Vienna government took immediate rescue action, it could not reduce the mortality rate much.

The old, weak, sick and disabled could not withstand the torment. Many people who were not strong enough fell down on the way to escape and had no time to receive rescue.

The statistics only count the number of civilian deaths on the European continent. If civilian deaths in the colonies were included, the final figure would have been double.

With so many deaths, not to mention casualties. Because the number of casualties can be accumulated, it is easy to double the statistics. It is impossible to be accurate anyway, and the Vienna government is too lazy to bother.

After a while, Franz sighed with emotion: "Judging from the current situation, France is basically ruined! If no accident occurs, they will not be able to recover for thirty years." No matter from which aspect, The current situation of the French is even worse than that of the original time and space.

Although they also suffered heavy losses in the First World War in the original time and space, France was the victorious country and received war dividends. Neither the colonies nor the mainland suffered losses.

It's different now. Not only did they suffer heavy losses, they also lost all their wealth. What awaits them next will be a long life of debt repayment.

Even if it wants to follow the example of De San and rise from the ashes, France does not have the capital to revive. Needless to say, the domestic economy is collapsing. What's more important is that they don't even have a revived population .

As the protagonist of the European Continental War, France suffered considerable population losses. More than two million people died directly, and the number of disabled people is not expected to be much lower than this. Add in the immigrants who left, and the number becomes even larger.

Based on empirical estimates, Franz can conclude that France's labor force is going to have a gap, especially the sharp shortage of male labor force.

If these problems cannot be solved, France's population will fall into negative growth for a long time to come.

Just look at the Russians next door to see this. It was originally the country with the highest birth rate in Europe. However, after experiencing several wars, the birth rate dropped rapidly, and even experienced negative growth for a time.

The fact that the bear was able to recover in just a few years is because the Russians are highly motivated to have children, while the French people are not keen on creating humans.

If the economy fails to develop, it is estimated that France's birth rate will hit a record low after the war.

The population growth rate of France after the First World War in the original time and space is very reference, with an increase of more than one million people in twenty years. After excluding the population growth caused by immigration, France's population growth rate is directly negative .

In the era of Industry 2.0, if there is a shortage of labor force, then don't think about anything. Austria's ability to become the world's number one economic power relies on its population far exceeding that of its competitors.

If Austria, like France, had fallen into a population bottleneck in the 19th century, no matter how hard Franz tried, he would not be able to create a large empire.

"The French still have some wealth, and as long as this war is over, they can still maintain it.

The worst thing now is Belgium and the newly independent Italian states. Their economies completely collapsed during the war, and they are a complete mess.

If Without our support, they would have been hungry a long time ago. Reviving the economy would be as difficult as starting another continental war." It can be seen that Prime Minister Karl is now suffering from a headache. When fighting, it is naturally better to have more allies, and swarming them together is definitely more advantageous than fighting alone.

After the war, the situation was completely different. In any case, everyone has been squatting in the same trench. We carried guns together and shed blood together. The younger brother couldn't survive anymore and came to ask for help. It was really unreasonable not to help him.

It's okay to pull it up, but the key is that it can't be pulled up with just one pull. The trauma left by the war was too great. Both Belgium and the Italian states were now in poverty.

When will we be able to be self-sufficient? No one can answer this question. Anyway, if you don't have a few years to spare, don't expect to catch your breath.

As the biggest victor of the war, the outside world only saw the scenery of Austria, and no one knew that the Vienna government was strapped for cash.

Although the war was over, the Austrian government's debt was still rising sharply. Money is needed to deal with the domestic aftermath, money is still needed to rebuild the Rhineland, money is still needed to unify the German region, and money is still needed to support the younger brother.

If it hadn't been for the reputation of a "overlord", the capital market's confidence in the Austrian government has increased to an unprecedented level, and the Vienna government is not far away from a financial crisis.

Franz rubbed his forehead: "We can't give money directly. The war is over, and they must learn to be independent. After the Vienna Peace Conference, we will have a showdown with them. If you want to obtain funds, just follow the market rules. We You can issue bonds to them, or you can issue bonds for them, but the interest rates have to be determined by the market." In fact, the aid provided by Austria has never been free. But compared with the capital market, the funds provided by the Vienna government are the highest conscience of capital.

"Interest-free loan", and it is the kind with no conditions attached. There will never be such a conscientious creditor in the world.

But this "conscience" has a time limit. In order to attack the French during the war, the Vienna government was naturally full of "conscience." Now that the war is over, "conscience" has been exhausted.

Frankly speaking, if there were not too many bills printed before and there were concerns about the repayment ability of various countries, it would be okay to continue to issue interest-free loans.

After all, what is being lent out is Aegis, not gold. Now that Aegis has been taken, the post-war reconstruction of various countries cannot be separated from Austria.

Through trade, most of this money will still flow back to promote Austria's economic development, and the Vienna government will not lose money.

Unfortunately, during the war, the Vienna government had started printing money, and there was already a surplus of Aegis circulating on the market.

If you continue to play like this, it will obviously be inappropriate. If there is a problem in any link, inflation will happen in minutes.

In order to stabilize prices and the value of the Aegis, the Vienna government also had to find ways to recycle excess banknotes on the market, such as issuing bonds.

Against this background, the debt of the Vienna government is naturally increasing day by day. But compared with Aegis' currency hegemony, this price is not worth mentioning.

After all, there is still a competitor - the "sterling", which is far from the time to act recklessly.

Economic Minister Reinhardt reminded: "Your Majesty, the current information is very special. Because of the war, the outside world is skeptical about the repayment ability of the governments of Belgium and Italy.

In addition, the French debt default has just been revealed , the German Federal Debt Default Incident has stimulated the capital market, and now the market is generally cautious.

Unless we provide them with credit guarantees, they will not be able to obtain financing in the capital market.

The risks here are very high, According to the analysis of the information we collected, the possibility of debt default in Belgium and Italy is as high as 90%." Zhuo was well prepared and knew that this was a high-risk transaction. But after hearing "90% possibility of default", Franz was still shocked.

Gambling doesn't involve this kind of fun, no wonder no one in the capital market cares about it.

If Austria provides a guarantee, the probability of default is as high as 90%; if it were replaced by an ordinary financial institution, the probability of default would not be 100%.

After a slight hesitation, Franz decided to take the risk. After all, they are all allies, and the Vienna government cannot let them die!

If this group of underlings is really finished and the underlings are supported again, who can guarantee that the new government will continue to implement the pro-Austrian policy. If they were deceived by the British and ran away, Austria would suffer huge losses.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 971 Financing

In order to help the younger brothers recover the economy, an Austrian version of the "Marshall Plan" was released. The core purpose is to revitalize the European economy and seize the product sales market. The only difference is that the content has changed slightly.

At this moment, Austria is far less wealthy than the Americans after World War II, and the Vienna government will not be able to provide huge financial assistance for a while.

To provide countries with funds for post-war reconstruction, they have to resort to financial markets for financing, so interest is still indispensable.

Before the outbreak of the European War, the four major financial centers in Europe were London, Paris, Vienna, and Frankfurt. As the dominant player in the financial world, the London capital market is almost equal to the latter three combined.

Because of the war, Paris was basically ruined. The counterattack before Napoleon IV's escape severely damaged the French consortium, and it was not easy to survive.

Austria's development time is still too short. Franz also paid special attention to the real economy. Most of the domestic funds flowed into industry, and there was not much capital circulating in the financial market.

The fact that Vienna and Frankfurt have become the four major financial centers in Europe is not due to how powerful they are, but because their competitors behind them are just rubbish.

If the currency circulating in the European financial market is 100%, the London financial market accounts for 48.7%, followed by Paris, which ranks second, accounting for 19.6% (before the war), followed by Vienna and Frankfurt, which account for 14.1 % and 13.7% respectively. .

Looking further back, the gap is huge. Milan, ranked fifth, is less than two percentage points, not to mention Madrid and St. Petersburg.

This ranking is not only valid for the European continent, but also applies to the whole world. Any one of the four major financial centers has more capital than all subsequent financial markets combined.

If you look at the data, you will know that the British have a really solid foundation. The centuries-long accumulation of colonial empires simply cannot be surpassed overnight.

Even if Austria gives full play to its siphon effect and brings together capital from Central, Southern, Eastern and Northern Europe, it will still be a younger brother.

This is still the result of robbing South Africa of gold, otherwise the gap would be even greater. You must know that the London financial market in the original time and space currently holds more than half of the world's capital.

Relying on this solid foundation, John Bull survived two world wars, and until the 21st century, London was able to compete with New York for the position of the world's financial center.

Now Austria not only needs to raise funds itself, but also helps its younger brothers raise funds. After a rough estimate, it cannot be done without 3 billion Aegis.

If we try to find a solution in the domestic financial market, we will have to suck up all the funds. Otherwise, it might even trigger a stock market crash. Naturally, the Vienna government would not do such a stupid thing.

If we can't do it domestically, we can only find solutions from abroad. Anyway, capital has no borders. Money is money no matter where it comes from. Franz doesn't mind whether it is domestic debt or foreign debt.

"You mean the British will use this as a threat to negotiate terms with us?" If you want to raise funds from the London financial market, you naturally cannot get rid of the British government. Although the British clamor for "free economy", this kind of international large-scale financing still requires government participation.

With John Bull's style, it is entirely possible to take advantage of every opportunity to negotiate terms with Austria.

"Yes, Your Majesty!" Prime Minister Karl said: "Without affecting the economy, the domestic financial market can provide up to half of the funds. The other financial markets combined, it is estimated that only 20 to 30% can be provided.

We only use it ourselves. , this money is definitely enough. But considering the funding gap of the allies, it is far from it.

Now it is not only Belgium and the Italian states that are short of money, but the Swiss, Spanish, and Russians are also poor and need us Provide financial support.

If they can't get money from us, they are likely to move closer to the British, which is very detrimental to us." Franz has personally experienced the power of "money power". Not to mention that these allies are originally gathered together because of their interests. Even truly close allies cannot withstand the offensive of "money power".

The essence of international politics is interests. If there is no betrayal, it is because the interests are not enough. If we talk about "loyalty", we have already lost.

In a sense, Austria's ability to gather so many allies is also the result of using "money power". The Vienna government was richer than the Paris government and was more willing to bid, so Austria won.

There is no way, who makes Austria's allies poor? Even if they were not poor before the war, they are poorer now.

Not to mention the countries of Belgium and Italy, they were all caused by the war.

Switzerland, a country of mountains, has never been rich. We are still accumulating capital for the industrial revolution, and it is not yet the ideal country that everyone will envy in future generations. It is impossible to digest the newly occupied areas without borrowing money.

Spain can only say that its ancestors were awesome. Since the 19th century, their finances have not been in good shape. Now we not only have to digest the results of the war, but we also have to go to Nanyang to fight the Japanese. This is absolutely impossible without money.

The Russians are a long-standing poor family. If you look at the history books, you will know that the tsarist government basically never lacked money.

The only thing that pleased Franz was that the anti-French alliance was relatively stable and could not be won over by the British with just a small profit.

Due to geopolitical reasons, apart from Spain, Austria has a strong deterrent effect on other allies. If you want to be a young man, you must first see if you can withstand Austria's revenge.

In this regard, continental countries are stronger than maritime countries. Especially for small countries such as Belgium and Switzerland, it is even more cruel.

Offending the British, the maritime overlord, the Royal Navy cannot go ashore, and at most it will suffer losses in overseas trade; Austria, offending the European overlord, may directly perish.

After pondering for a moment, Franz said coldly: "This financing is mainly to solve everyone's difficulties. There is no reason for our family to bear it. Let's talk to the anti-French alliance and the British.

We can use the French war reparations as a guarantee, and the countries in the anti-French alliance will work together to provide guarantees for debt security and jointly bear the responsibility for breach of contract.

If the British are worried, the Anti-French Alliance can maintain a garrison of no less than 500,000 troops in France to urge the French government to fulfill its debts.

By the way, we have news that we are preparing to form a European customs union and are considering whether to let Britain join it.

Other conditions are up to you to consider. As long as it does not harm our core interests, we can negotiate. I believe the British government will make the right choice. " Use yourself to save others. Austria wants the markets of the anti-French alliance countries, and the British have no reason not to peep. In this context, helping countries recover their economies is essentially beneficial to everyone. If the British government takes loan cards, it will Lenz doesn't mind a lose-lose situation, and creates the "European Economic Community" in advance to exclude the British from the European economic system.

"Lack of money" will at worst mean a slower economic recovery, and the anti-French alliance is not short of food. As long as the If the people are fed, there will be no big trouble.

"Lack of market" is different. These days, the European continent is the region with the most purchasing power in the world, accounting for more than half of Britain's total foreign trade.

So much money was lost all at once . market, it is impossible to find a new market to replace it in a short time. India's market potential is indeed great, but the potential is not equal to purchasing power.

By the time the market is developed, time has long passed. Without Europe, Britain will at least To increase the number of millions of unemployed people, an economic crisis is indispensable.

Although the conflicts between Britain and Austria are great, there is really not much hatred. Even if there is a confrontation, it is done in secret. On the surface, the relationship between the two countries is just okay. .

Franz does not think that the British government will risk losing both sides and come to fight with Austria. This is not in the interests of politicians.

Similarly, this is not in Austria's interests. From the perspective of development potential, Austria is obviously far away To surpass Britain and slow down its development is to waste its own advantages.

It can be said that every time the time is pushed back one day, Austria's advantage will become larger. Especially after the annexation of the German Confederation, there will be a qualitative leap.

In order to achieve his goal, even the "garrison of troops against France" was used by Franz as a condition of negotiation.

To ensure the normal performance of debts, the garrison must be there. Otherwise, the French government has breached the contract and cannot launch another anti-France attack. War, right?

Just how many troops are stationed is a question. "Not less than 500,000" is definitely impossible. If there are so many troops in France, not to mention the revival of France, France will be poor just by eating. People.

If military discipline is worse, then the French government will not have to do anything and just deal with the aftermath of the garrison every day. If the British want to maintain the vitality of the French and still dream of making France come back, they must bring the anti-French alliance together. The number of garrison troops was suppressed.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Your Majesty, other issues are easy to discuss, but it is difficult for the British to agree to using France's compensation as a financing guarantee.

Even if all countries in the anti-French alliance provide security endorsements, they can only ensure that the French government does not maliciously breach the contract.

Judging from the current situation, it will take a long time for France to recover economically after the war. If the economy does not recover, the government will have no money to repay its debts. Without money in the pocket, there is nothing anyone can do.

Not long ago, when the German federal government proposed the transfer of claims, the London government required all state governments within the German Federation to guarantee in advance to ensure that the French could pay compensation normally before accepting the transfer of claims.

Obviously, the British are aware of the risks involved, and it is not easy to trick them. " As the protagonist of the war, no one knew better than the Vienna government what the French had lost in the war.

According to the "Draft on Dealing with France" drafted by the Anti-French Alliance, unless the French collectively cheat, it is only a matter of time before the debt defaults.

If they accept the guarantee, once the French default on their debts, will the British pursue the debt, or will they not pursue it?

Pursuing the debt will undoubtedly stab the French, pushing them into the abyss, and cutting off their chance of making a comeback.

Not pursuing the debt , it has indeed helped the French, but capital will not agree. The financial consortium does not care about the overall situation, and debts must be repaid.

Franz shook his head: "It doesn't matter, there is no need for the British government to agree. As long as the financial institution providing us with funds is accredited.

Only with high risks can there be high returns. If you raise the interest rate appropriately, you won't be afraid that bankers won't be tempted.

Moreover, we also provide debt security guarantees. If the French government is really unable to repay, all countries will also bear joint and several liability for repayment.

Anyway, the loaned money is not their own. As long as the benefits are large enough and there are enough reasons to convince investors, they will not mind taking risks. " Things are definitely not as easy as Franz said. The premise of "joint and several repayment liability" must be that the French are unable to repay.

Simply identifying "inability to repay" is a huge pitfall. Paying debts with cash is repayment, and repaying debts with physical objects is also repayment. .

If they are desperate, they can also carve out a piece of land from the French mainland to pay off their debts.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 972 Everyone gets what they need

"3 million!" "3.1 million!" ...

"3.75 million!" "3.75 million Aegis, is there anyone with a higher bid?" "The most advanced cruiser fleet in the world, with bonus A full set of shipbuilding technology and 20 professional technicians are provided. The highest quotation now is 3.75 million. It is absolutely worth the money. Is there anyone else bidding?" " Okay, congratulations to the Chilean representative for successfully winning the third cruiser formation." Hosted West felt serious.

In order to be able to sell these warships at a high price, the French's second-hand cruiser fleet has become the most advanced fleet in the world in West's words.

If we only look at warships, the Chileans will definitely suffer a big loss in this deal. However, there are exceptions to everything. After a full set of shipbuilding technology and engineers are included, the deal becomes very cheap in an instant.

Despite the fact that there seems to be no technological blockade these days, it seems that money can buy anything, but that is only for ordinary bad street technology.

Warship manufacturing technology has always been a treasure of major shipyards. Even if it is a technology that is two or three generations behind, you have to pay a high price to buy it.

As the world's second largest naval power, the French's shipbuilding technology is naturally world-class. If it were not for the split auction, many copies of the technology would have been made, and these technologies alone would not have been purchased for 3.75 million.

After another business deal, Waiters no longer had the initial excitement. He picked up the cup, took a sip of water to moisten his throat, and continued to shout:

"The following is the auction of the Group A battleship fleet. It also comes with a full set of shipbuilding technology, plus 100 shipbuilding engineers. The fleet includes 3 new 10,000-ton ships. Battleships, 4 cruisers, 6 destroyers, 2 coastal defense ships...

The starting price is 5.8 million Aegis. It is still the old rule. Each increase in price must not be less than 10,000 Aegis. If the price is raised randomly, the deposit will be confiscated and counterfeited. The French Alliance reserves the right to pursue responsibility." As soon as he finished speaking, the Spanish representative immediately became energetic. There is no doubt that this carefully selected fleet is their goal this time.

"6 million!" "6.3 million!" Seeing the Spaniard's offer, Ito Hirobumi, who was not far away, decisively chose to follow. Although he knew that the Spaniards would engage in secret operations, he was still unwilling to give up his last effort.

Before the auction started, delegations from various countries sent people to visit the French warships. It can be said that everyone is well aware of every group of warships that are now being auctioned.

Whether there is any behind-the-scenes operation, just look at the composition of the warships. All fleets are temporarily determined by the Anti-French Alliance. Generally speaking, they are a mix of high-quality warships and junk warships for sale.

The Group A battleship formation in front of us is different. The warships in it are all high-quality goods and cannot be solved by coincidence.

"6.5 million!" The Japanese representatives are not the only ones who are taking chances. The benefits are exciting, let alone the most advanced battleship formation.

The key lies in a complete set of shipbuilding technology and shipbuilding engineers. With these, you can almost copy the French Navy. These are invaluable to countries interested in developing a navy.

"8 million!" "8.5 million!" ...

Looking at the constantly refreshing quotations, the atmosphere in the Japanese delegation suddenly became tense. The plan didn't change quickly, and the only reason was lack of money.

Saigo said anxiously: "Prime Minister, you don't need warships, but you must acquire the shipbuilding technology. With these technologies, we can save thirty years of struggle." It is not an exaggeration at all. With Japan's current shipbuilding Technology, sailing battleships are just okay. Battleships with tens of thousands of tons have been built, and even the docks cannot be found.

Only Britain, France and Austria have 20,000-ton shipyards in the world and have built pre-dreadnoughts. The other countries are still exploring.

The same applies to Americans. Affected by the butterfly effect, the economic development of the post-division United States is far inferior to that of the original time and space. The government has no money in its pocket, so it naturally has no resources to spend on the navy.

Ito Hirobumi nodded: "The competition is too fierce now. We don't have much money in hand, so let's wait for the next batch!" The plan did not change quickly. I did not expect to gain something at the warship auction conference, but now I am shocked by the reaction. With the French Alliance's generosity, Ito Hirobumi could only grit his teeth and keep up.

There is no way, there are not many opportunities to obtain the most advanced shipbuilding technology. If you miss this opportunity, the price you will pay to obtain these technologies in the future will be unimaginable.

Anyway, the warships may be detained by the Anti-French Alliance in the name of neutrality, but the shipbuilding technology will never be detained. The Spaniards don't have such a big reputation yet, so everyone has to give up their international reputation for them.

In a sense, the value of acquiring these shipbuilding technologies is no less than occupying the Philippine Islands.

...

In the box upstairs, the British delegation was no longer calm. I originally thought that the Austrians were just using some backward shipbuilding technology as a partner, but I didn't expect that their opponent would not play according to the routine, and it was very likely that the shipbuilding technology would be ruined.

"The Austrians must be crazy. Once these technologies spread, they will cause us big trouble in the future!" a naval officer exclaimed.

"We" also include Austria, which is also a member of the colonial empire. The spread of shipbuilding technology has also impacted Austria. Not to mention the warship export business, I am afraid it would be difficult to make such huge profits now.

It's technical information and engineers. George won't be surprised if the Austrians try to sell the French shipyard.

With so many things, countries with a little financial resources can eat them and build their own warships.

Who wants to import it if they can make it themselves? Even if the performance is slightly behind, it is still more reliable than the abridged version of the battleship.

Once all countries in the world have their own shipbuilding capabilities, the good days of colonial empires will be over. It is no longer possible to force a big country to surrender with just a few ships.

"It's useless. Shipbuilding technology has long been diffused. Ever since the Anti-French Alliance occupied France, shipbuilding technology has been no longer a secret.

Perhaps big countries like Spain and Russia will keep shipbuilding technology secret for their own benefit. But countries like Belgium and Sardinia, which have nothing, can sell anything as long as they give money. No one can stop the secret transactions. The technology needs to spread anyway, so it is better to take advantage of the opportunity to make a fortune.

Besides, shipbuilding is a national industry The manifestation of strength cannot be accomplished with just one piece of information. Even if everyone has the same shipbuilding technology, there will only be a few who are truly capable of building battleships independently." After all, he was used to seeing strong winds and waves. After a brief shock, George responded quickly.

The seemingly precious shipbuilding technology is actually a piece of cake released by Austria. Most countries do not have the conditions to build battleships. Even if they obtain the technology, it will only be an assembly factory at most, and spare parts with technical content will still have to be imported.

Countries that are truly capable of digesting and replicating these technologies can develop them through their own research and development. The greatest value is just reference creativity.

...

At noon, the auction came to an end, and the final product also appeared. West announced loudly: "This is the last batch of this auction, and it is also the batch that everyone is most concerned about.

Fifteen battleships, twenty-one cruisers, thirty-two destroyers, and various auxiliary units One hundred and fifty-seven ships, with a total tonnage of 364,000 tons.

It is no exaggeration to say that this fleet is the third largest naval power in the world. Whoever takes pictures of this fleet will greatly increase its strength and become an important force in maintaining world peace. .

Everyone knows the importance. This auction also comes with the shipbuilding technology of the above-mentioned warships, plus 300 engineers. The auction starts now, with a starting price of 45 million Aegis, and each increase in price must not be less than 10,000 Aegis." Everyone's Eyes were turned to the representatives of Britain and Austria. Everyone could see that this was prepared for the two big bosses. Even if other countries wanted to participate, they did not have enough funds.

"50 million!" Everyone was not disappointed. As the host, Weissenberg was the first to make an offer, and directly increased the price by 5 million Aegis.

This was the first round of bidding. As a representative of Britain, George naturally would not give up and gave a tit-for-tat price without hesitation.

"30 million!" The number became smaller, but the amount increased. Just because the unit behind the number is changed to pounds, 30 million pounds is converted into 60 million Aegis.

A layman looks at the excitement, an expert looks at the door. The auction at this moment is no longer just an auction, but also a confrontation between Britain and Austria for maritime hegemony.

Judging from the numbers on paper, if the Austrian Navy obtains these warships, it will instantly surpass the British in the number of capital ships and warship tonnage.

The doubling of the price increase was just a riposte by George on behalf of Britain, showing that Britain was not afraid of any challenge.

As for whether to capture these warships, the London government has not yet reached an accurate conclusion in discussions.

After all, no one's money comes from strong winds. If Austria deliberately raises prices, the British government cannot be taken advantage of.

As soon as "30 million pounds" came out, the venue became quiet. Everyone was waiting for Austria's reaction, and many of them showed expressions that they were just enjoying the excitement, but they were just missing a handful of melon seeds.

It was originally agreed to bid in units of shields, but now the British didn't buy it and switched to pounds. As the host, Waiters only felt a lot of pressure.

If you don't stop it, you'll lose face; if you stop it, pounds are money, and their circulation properties are no worse than Aegis. Customers are God. As a seller, there seems to be no need to bother with such a small issue.

In the end, professionalism prevailed. Seeing that no one continued to bid, Waiters ignored the embarrassment and announced loudly: "30 million pounds a time, is there anyone else bidding?

This is the core of the French Navy. I took this fleet. It will become a world-class naval power immediately." ...

"30 million pounds, deal done! Congratulations to Mr. George, for buying a world fleet for Britain!" The host announced the final result, and everyone who was confused came to their senses. . It was obvious that this was something wrong with the script.

Every new official has three things to do when he takes office. How can the rise of a new overlord be so quiet? Not taking the opportunity to challenge the British maritime supremacy is completely refreshing everyone's understanding.

Even British Foreign Secretary George, who had just become the protagonist of the auction, looked confused at this moment. It went so smoothly, completely unexpected.

"30 million pounds" seems like a lot, but it also depends on where it is spent. If you build it yourself, 30 million pounds is almost enough. However, it is a new warship, and it is indeed a bit of a loss to buy a second-hand warship.

But according to the transaction price of warships in the international market, 30 million pounds is very cheap. Anyway, at the same price, Britain will not sell warships to other countries.

In addition to the warship itself, the attached political significance is even more extraordinary. The confrontation at the auction also sent a political signal to the representatives of various countries present - Austria has no intention of competing with the British for maritime hegemony.

This is very disappointing to all countries who want to watch the excitement. If the two gangsters don't fight, everyone who wants to fish in troubled waters will have no chance.

After reacting, George smiled happily, knowing that the situation was stable.

Through an auction, Britain used practical actions to prove to the outside world that "your uncle is still your uncle". In the years to come, everyone should keep their eyes open.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 973 Farce - The auction of the President taking the blame

is over, but the impact of the auction is still continuing. The warship trade has always been inseparable from politics, and this time is no exception.

The temporary compromise between Britain and Austria was naturally the highlight. The active participation of other countries in the auction was also a political signal, indicating the outside world's recognition of Austria's hegemony.

It is human nature to gravitate towards pros and cons. Now that the dust has settled, showing goodwill may not make the Vienna government look at it differently, but failure to show goodwill will definitely be "looked at differently".

In this context, whether it was necessary to purchase warships or not, representatives from various countries had bid at least once, and the atmosphere was absolutely fiery.

Of course, the main reason is because of the split auction, the lowest starting price is only 200,000 Aegis, and everyone still has the ability to bid. If they were all large fleets, it wouldn't be so lively.

Who would dare to make random quotes without money? What if the deal is concluded? Confiscation of the security deposit is a small matter, but if it is considered to be deliberately causing trouble, it will cause big trouble.

The world's second-largest naval fleet, together with shipbuilding technology and engineers, the final total transaction price was only 130 million Aegis, including more than 30 million Aegis after deducting the insider trading of various countries in the anti-French alliance. It simply fell to the floor. cabbage price.

However, Franz was satisfied. Unlike later generations where wealthy people are everywhere, there are too few countries with purchasing power these days.

Except for the defeated France, only Britain, Austria and Russia had fiscal revenue exceeding 100 million Aegis, and less than ten countries had fiscal revenue exceeding 20 million Aegis.

After excluding the 60 million from the British, we can get nearly 40 million in income from other countries, and we are not even satisfied.

"After the settlement is completed, let's divide it among the allies according to the proportion of the compensation. They are all waiting for flour to make bread!" Dividing money is a must. Austria has never been a solitary eater. On the issue of sharing, the Vienna government has always done a good job, which is also an important reason why Austria has a good international reputation.

...

Foreign Secretary Weissenberg: "I met with Spanish representatives yesterday afternoon. The Spanish hope that we will fulfill our previous commitments and support them in the subsequent Philippine war.

Taking into account the need to rebuild international order, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs recommends Fulfill the agreement and support Spain in cutting off the Japanese's tentacles penetrating into the Southeast Asia region." Oral promises are naturally not binding. If in normal times, the Japanese robbed the Philippine Islands, Austria would not mind helping them.

After all, the Vienna government also coveted the Philippine Islands, but was unable to do so due to political influence.

If it falls into the hands of the Japanese, this pressure will no longer exist. Austria can wait until Spain gives up the Philippines, then find an excuse to beat the Japanese and take away the Philippine Islands.

I don't know whether I should say that the Japanese are lucky or unlucky. It's too late, it's just in time for Austria to rebuild the international order.

The anti-French alliance has not been disbanded yet. Once Spain brings the Philippine War to the Vienna Peace Conference for discussion, Austria will definitely help first and then help.

The tragedy is that the Japanese occupy neither point. Not to mention that the Vienna government will not support them, and it is estimated that none of the European countries will support them.

The only ones who hope that the Japanese government can win may be the French. Unfortunately, France, which was defeated, no longer has a say.

Once the Vienna Peace Conference makes a decision, as a rule-maker and vested interest, the Austrian government will definitely support Spain in order to maintain the authority of the Peace Conference.

Seeing that the duck he had obtained flew away, Franz said angrily: "Tell the Spaniards that it is okay to support them, but we will not participate in the war.

Let them make full preparations and show their prestige in the European world. Don't learn from them." The French are in disgrace in Vietnam." There is no doubt that the Spaniards also calculated Austria's position accurately and came to support it with empty teeth. Whenever some benefits are promised, Franz's reminders will be more subtle.

...

On April 2, 1892, at the Austrian Royal Opera House, the Vienna Peace Conference officially kicked off.

There were no flowers, no applause, and no so-called opening ceremony. There was only a big cold round table and a few rows of chairs.

There is no doubt that not everyone is qualified to be at the negotiating table. In addition to the anti-French alliance countries, the only ones who can appear on the negotiating table are at least important regional powers.

"The main purpose of inviting you here this time is to be a witness, to deal with the follow-up affairs of the anti-French war, and to establish a new international order.

We will discuss the issue of order slowly later, but now we should deal with the aftermath of the anti-French war first. ." Weisenberg emphasized the word "witness" very strongly, and the meaning he wanted to express was very obvious: You should not get involved in the aftermath of the anti-French war. We, the anti-French alliance, can handle it ourselves. If there are problems later, Let's take it slow when establishing an international order.

This naked statement undoubtedly hurt many representatives. After all, we were participating in an international conference, but we were not allowed to express our opinions. It was simply...

Before everyone could react, the Belgian representative, who was well prepared, started to accuse France of atrocities.

A lot of evidence has been put on the table, and even the missing and murdered soldiers, which the French used as an excuse to declare war, are now being reinterpreted.

After the representative of Belgium finished speaking, the representative of the German Federation followed, and then the Italian states took turns to complain.

Witnesses, historical documents, photos, confessions from French officers and soldiers, everything is available. In a sense, the Vienna Peace Conference was delayed for so long to allow everyone to collect evidence.

As shocking evidence emerged one after another, the scene was so touching that many representatives attending the meeting shed trembling tears.

Of course, no one knows whether he was really moved or fake. After all, there were multiple cameras in the hall recording this historic scene.

Listening to everyone's accusations, President Robert, as the representative of France, buried his head very low, trying to reduce his presence as much as possible.

There is no way. The more tragic the accusations made by the Anti-French Alliance and the more evidence they produce, the more detrimental it will be to France, and it also means the greater the price France will have to pay in the future.

refute?

Not to mention whether he had a chance to speak. Even if he was asked to speak, he wouldn't know where to start.

As a revolutionary, Robert's knowledge of the war was limited to the information left by the previous government and domestic media reports.

Things recorded by our own people are naturally inevitably beautified and modified. Many of the key details are mentioned in one stroke. Want to know the specific situation, they can no longer find the person involved.

Robert had always thought that this was just an ordinary European war for hegemony, and there were many similar wars in history.

Judging from the scope of the war, the French army only stayed in Central Europe and Italy, far less than the Napoleonic era when it fought all the way to Moscow.

In President Robert's view, the consequences are the most serious now, and the punishment will be slightly heavier than last time. It will be fine in a few years.

But the reality is cruel. Just from the losses listed by the anti-French alliance countries, Robert knows that France is in big trouble this time.

After the Anti-French Alliance defined the nature of the war as "aggression" and "counter-aggression," Robert finally couldn't help it. He knew very well that if he didn't defend himself now, it would be more difficult to explain clearly later.

"Protest!" "France is also a victim of this war. It was Napoleon IV who initiated the war. All French people cannot be allowed to pay for his personal mistakes.

We ask the General Assembly to issue a wanted order and arrest the war criminal Napoleon IV. Give an explanation to the millions of people who died in this war..." Before Robert could finish speaking, Weisenberg, the host of the meeting, scolded: "Shut up!" "Mr. Robert, you are not willing to take responsibility when things happen. Don't you feel ashamed to throw the blame on yourself for being loyal to the emperor?

Sorry, I forgot that you have already made a revolution. You are a rebel party, so naturally you don't feel ashamed.

But you can do such shameless things, We can't do it. Wanting an emperor, even an emperor in exile, is not allowed by the international community." "Shameless person!" "There is no emperor!" ...

A series of curses continued in the conference room staged. Apparently, Robert was blaming the wrong person. Most of the representatives attending the meeting came from monarchical countries, and it was obviously a "big taboo" to blame the emperor.

Especially when it is recorded by cameras, for the sake of political correctness, representatives from various countries must also stand up and express their positions.

Several representatives of the Republic, including those whom Robert had high hopes for, also joined in the scolding war, spraying him with blood.

support?

What a joke, fighting against so many monarchies for France must be tiring.

Before Robert could think of a way to deal with it, a cup flew towards him and passed him, followed by documents and pens.

It was chaotic. Since someone took the lead in using violence, followers gathered and the scene fell into complete chaos.

Obviously, there are many smart people. There are cameras recording it behind the scenes. How could you miss such a good opportunity?

Frankly speaking, Weisenberg wouldn't have minded joining in if he wasn't the host of the meeting. After all, there are not many opportunities to show loyalty like this, so how can you miss it when it comes to your door?

In any case, Robert is also the president of France. If an accident occurs in Vienna, Austria will be embarrassed.

"Guards, maintain order!" By the time everyone was pulled away, the naive Mr. Robert was already bruised and bruised.

Fortunately, the wound was not deep and Austria's medical conditions were good, so he was rescued in time, otherwise the Vienna Peace Conference would have been a joke.

...

In the Vienna Palace, after receiving the news, Franz suspected that the French had sent a dead soldier to deliberately cause trouble in order to reduce the punishment of war.

This guess is well-founded. Judging from the camera records, the earliest water glass flew out from the British delegation.

In an instant, Franz imagined the British and French collusion, using a dead soldier in exchange for preserving the vitality of France.

Facts have proved that he was overthinking everything. The French, under the noses of the coalition forces, are not yet capable of controlling these things.

According to the intelligence collected, President Robert is also an important leader of the Revolutionary Party. He has led workers' uprisings many times and played an important role in the Paris Revolution.

Except for his lack of political acumen, this passionate and courageous revolutionary had almost no shortcomings in his life and work.

It makes sense to think about it. The revolutionary government in Paris has been unable to elect a president because no one is willing to take on this hot potato.

Robert, who was excluded from the center of power after the success of the revolution, was elected president because he was used to take the blame.

As for national interests, that is completely overthinking. The anti-French alliance is so strong that France has no negotiating capital at all.

Whether you send the most powerful diplomat in the world or send a pig, the final result will not be fundamentally different.

As long as he has some political acumen, Robert will not accept an assignment in danger when everyone is retreating, and accept this job that is destined to make him infamous.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 974 "Treaty of Vienna"

The earth will turn around no matter who you leave it. Therefore, even if the president went to the hospital, it would not affect the normal progress of the peace conference.

Without Robert, there can still be Libert and Lambert. Just throw anyone in from the French delegation and the script can continue.

Although cameras captured everything that happened at the venue, there was no way to pursue the murderer.

Those who took action were all representatives of various countries, and all of them had diplomatic immunity. More than 20 countries were involved, and they couldn't be held accountable even if they wanted to!

Ignore the protests of the French and ask the representatives who participated in the violent actions to leave the conference room, and the matter will be over.

...

"No, this treaty is too harsh and has exceeded France's ability to bear. We require modification.

We can accept the cession of some colonies, but the clause on ceding the mainland must be deleted; war reparations are acceptable, but the amount must be It is possible to reduce and punish war criminals, but the list of war criminals is not realistic and must be re-determined.

..." After changing the people, the performance of the French delegation was obviously much more normal. It can be seen that in addition to President Robert, who took the blame, the Paris government sent a professional negotiation team.

"Mr. James, you always have to pay a price for doing something wrong. Your country has provoked this crazy war, and now you still want to be irresponsible?" In international negotiations, the interests of small countries are the easiest to be sacrificed. Regardless of the fact that an agreement has been reached within the Anti-French Alliance, as long as a formal treaty has not been signed, there may be a reversal.

Belgium paid a high price in this war, and the spoils it received were also considerable. In order to bring benefits to the treaty as soon as possible, Prime Minister Jules, as the representative of Belgium, had to act as a vanguard.

James shook his head and replied seriously: "No, I am just stating a fact.

The war compensation of 80 billion Aegis, calculated at an interest rate of 5% per thousand, the monthly interest alone is as high as 400 million Aegis.

Not to mention now , even before the war, France's annual fiscal revenue was less than 400 million Aegis. Selling France is not enough, what do you want us to repay?

No great nation can tolerate the division of the country, and France is no exception. We cannot accept the terms of ceding the mainland.

If you want to cede the territory forcibly, then the European continent will never have peace." "I can understand, is this a threat?" Jules asked tit for tat. Today is different from the past. The hatred between Belgium and France has penetrated deep into the bones. Offending the French is not a problem at all. On the contrary, the real danger is not taking the opportunity to weaken France.

James repeated in a very firm tone: "No, I'm just stating a fact!" Despite the threat, a public admission was impossible. Breaking the pot can indeed bring trouble to the anti-French alliance, but France will suffer greater losses.

If the Anti-French Alliance is angry and gives them a cruel blow, France will really have no future.

The only thing that can be relied on now is that the Anti-French Alliance wants to stop losses. At this point in the war, no greater benefits can be obtained by continuing. Only by quitting when things are good can the benefits be maximized.

If there were no France, not only would there be no war reparations, but even the anti-French alliance would come to an end.

Without the alliance, Austria's desire to dominate the European continent would not be as simple as it is now.

Without the threat of the French, Switzerland, Belgium, Spain, and the Italian states would not be as obedient as they are now.

In a sense, Austria is copying the American routine after World War II, using the threat of the Soviet Union to tie European countries to its own ship. When the hegemonic position is consolidated, then kick out the Soviets.

This is a conspiracy. As a neighbor, everyone doesn't want to carve up France, but due to their own strength, they really can't afford it. In this context, everyone has to rely on Austria.

Seeing that the situation might be getting out of control, Weisenberg said slowly: "Mr. James, if you can't afford compensation or accept it, that's your country's problem. The losses caused by the war are so great, and you should bear this responsibility.

Of course, we will also consider the actual situation and formulate reasonable compensation standards.

The world is developing, and we must look forward. If we cannot afford compensation now, it does not mean that we cannot afford compensation in the future.

Since entering the industrial age, the wealth created by mankind has become Geometric growth. 80 billion Aegis is certainly a lot, but I believe in your country's ability." Bargaining is necessary, and everyone knows that France cannot afford 80 billion Aegis in compensation. Without Aegis devaluing, no country can afford this huge sum of money.

The so-called future repayment, if interest is not calculated, is no problem. Unfortunately, this is compound interest, and the cumulative interest rate is astonishingly high.

Fiscal revenue and economic development are linked. If we want to outperform interest rates, the economic growth rate cannot be lower than 7 points.

The second industrial revolution is still going on, and the economic growth rate of all countries is not slow. If we work hard at the seven points, it is not hopeless, but there is still something called "economic crisis" in this world.

If people lose hope, they will give up on themselves. The same applies to the country. If you work for others all your life without seeing any reward, no matter who you are, you will get bored.

If the French want to work hard to repay the money, they must leave hope, so the debt can be negotiated, but the land ceding is not negotiable.

It has been eaten by all countries, and if you want everyone to spit it out again, it is simply impossible to do so at the negotiation table.

James bowed politely and analyzed with self-deprecation: "Thank you for your trust, but you really overestimate us. If France was really that powerful, I wouldn't be here.

The French colonial empire has collapsed, the Italian region has become independent again, our homeland has been severely damaged by the war, and the economy is on the verge of collapse.

Today's France's comprehensive national strength is no longer one-third of what it was before the war. The mess in the country alone is enough to keep us busy.

It is God's blessing that we were able to restore our economy to pre-war levels within twenty years.

The numbers don't lie. France's current annual fiscal revenue does not exceed 50 million Aegis, which is not even enough for domestic expenditure. How can it pay for compensation?

No matter how much the compensation is, if you can't get it, it will just be an illusory number with no value at all. " The tone is sincere, and the content is full of practical information. France today is indeed a mess. The provisional government is a mixed bag of good and bad, starving people waiting for food, local powerful factions who oppose the revolutionary government, a million-strong anti-French alliance, and huge reparations under negotiation. , are all problems facing the Paris government.

Chaos in any place may lead to the collapse of the newly born revolutionary government in Paris.

In fact, if it were not for the anti-French alliance's troops to suppress local areas, France would have been in chaos.

A chaos France is definitely not in the interest of all parties. Not only will the compensation not be obtained, but more importantly, chaos equals variables.

Heroes may not always emerge in troubled times, but lords are certain to emerge. If a military genius similar to Napoleon appears again, then It is a new continental war.

"Mr. James, we have considered these issues. After the war, your country only needs to pay 30 million Aegis in one lump sum, and the remaining debt will be paid in installments later.

From 1893 to 1895, your country only had to pay 15 million Aegis every year; from 1896 to 1900, the compensation was increased by 1.5 million Aegis every year; from 1901 to 1910, the indemnity was increased by 3 million Aegis every year..." Year by year When will the incremental reparations be able to pay off the debt? This question can only be answered by God. Anyway, Weisenberg, the provider of the plan, does not know. The only advantage is probably that the amount of reparations is within the scope of the French government. As long as the Paris government is frugal, for example, by dismantling the army and reducing administrative expenses, it will be able to pay the compensation.

Seemingly thinking of the horrific consequences, James hurriedly protested: "No, this method of payment will not be possible after one day." We will not be able to pay off our debt in a hundred years.

The responsibilities of our generation cannot be imposed on the next generation. They have no obligation to shoulder responsibilities that do not belong to them. " ...

Now that the drama has begun, it must continue. In the face of interests, both the French representatives and the representatives of the anti-French alliance are arguing with each other. As the scene becomes heated, the representatives of various countries who are witnesses gradually It became a lubricant, as if they were trying their best to reconcile the conflicts between all parties.

It can only be said that everyone is an excellent actor, and even if they have not read the script, they can still catch the lines . The quarrel lasted for more than a month, but still No agreement could be reached, and it was not until the scapegoat, President Robert, was discharged from the hospital that the war of words came to an end.

Throwing the treaty drafted by the Anti-French Alliance on the ground, Robert asked with a sad face: "Mr. James , is this what you have achieved these days? " The cession of territory has basically remained unchanged. All colonies must have been lost, and the area of ​​the mainland to be ceded has not shrunk. The only valuable change is that the compensation has been reduced. It has been reduced from 80 billion to 40 billion. It seems to have shrunk by half, but in essence Nothing has changed, and the revolutionary government in Paris still cannot afford to pay.

Compared with the original treaty, the biggest change is the list of war criminals. Finally, the main leaders of the Revolutionary Party were removed from the top and replaced with high-level leaders of the government-in-exile.

It is a pity. This has no substantive meaning. The exiled government has long been hiding away. Except for Napoleon IV, who is still making public appearances, the rest have changed their identities and cannot be captured at all. The revolutionary government has just taken power. No matter how much blame is passed, it is impossible for them to bear the responsibility for war crimes. The Anti-French Alliance also adheres to rules. Even if the leaders of the Revolutionary Party go to the war court, they will be acquitted in the end.

The Revolutionaries hid, and the people behind them But not all the funders ran away. Consortiums, arms dealers, bankers, and other big capitalists, these guys who were attacked by Napoleon IV were once again targeted by the Anti-French Alliance. In general, they were not unjust They, indeed they instigated this war. It is completely justified to be defined as war criminals.

Although they hindered the French government in the war and made outstanding contributions to the anti-French alliance's victory in the war, who Did they make them too fat?

Napoleon IV only stole the cash in their hands. A large number of mines, factories, and real estate were still in their hands. This small group of people controlled at least half of France's wealth. The member states of the Anti-French Alliance basically Everyone is so poor. How can we let everyone let go of such huge wealth?

It is impossible to get it all. It is always possible to take a part of it to make up for the losses of one's own family in the war.

The Allied forces stationed in France have already After taking action, except for a few lucky ones who escaped, the rest of the guys were just out of the wolf's den and into the tiger's mouth. There were only two ways in front of them, either to hand over a considerable amount of money to buy their lives. Or go to the war court.

For politicians, the value of these financial backers has been greatly reduced from the moment the revolution succeeded. If the Anti-French Alliance can help kill these guys, I guess many people will be secretly happy.

After all, , France's plate is already very small. If these vested interests are not dealt with, how will the latecomers rise.

Of course, this does not include President Robert. In his view, this is betraying his comrades, which is a very immoral act. .

James shook his head: "Your Excellency, no one wants things to develop to this point, but we have to face reality.

The Anti-French Alliance issued an ultimatum. If we refuse to sign the treaty, the revolutionary government will have no value in existence. They would militaryize France and carry out government duties.

At the peace conference, Russian representatives also proposed partitioned occupation. If they get to that point, France will become their colony. " Having no value in existence" does not mean disbanding. If it comes to occupying France in partitions, the revolutionary government in Paris will become a stumbling block. The stumbling block must be kicked down, and the revolutionaries started in rebellion. If they don't get rid of them, others will I can't sleep!

When the butcher's knife was raised, the revolutionary government in Paris could not stand up. Except for President Robert, the scapegoat, everyone else was ready to compromise first.

President Robert, whose position was not firm, was shaken again and cared about asked: “Can Congress agree? This is betraying..." Robert considers himself a democratically elected president, but he respects the Congress very much. Being able to elect him, a president who cares about the country and the people, is enough for the French Congress...

Facing the worried President Robert, James still couldn't bear it, but in the end reason prevailed. Someone will always take the blame.

"Your Excellency, when you were injured, Congress had already sent a telegram. Just to let you rest in peace and recover, I took it upon myself to withhold it.

The troops of the Anti-French Alliance are acting recklessly in the country, and the people are living in dire straits. The pressure in the country is now very high, and the most important thing right now is to send these troops away. " ...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 975 Harsh Conditions

President Robert, who has a soft ear, was unable to resist the repeated persuasion of everyone. On June 6, 1892, Robert signed the Treaty of Vienna on behalf of France and Weissenberg, the representative of the Anti-French Alliance.

The contents of the treaty are as follows:

1. France admits its defeat and assumes responsibility for the war.

2. France abolished its suzerainty over Andorra, Monaco, and the Italian states and recognized the independence of each country.

3. France ceded the Principality of Lorraine, the Province of Alsace, parts of the Kingdom of Burgundy, the County of Flanders, the County of Artois, the Principality of Savoy, parts of Provence, Corsica, and the Roussillon region to Anti-French Alliance. (The total area is 125,000 square kilometers)

4. France will pay 40 billion Aegis in war reparations from the Anti-French Alliance, tentatively scheduled to be paid in 99 years, with a monthly interest of 0.5%.

(Note: The compensation is paid incrementally year by year. The first payment is 15 million Aegis. From 1893 to 1900, it increases by 1.5 million Aegis every year. From 1901 to 1910, it increases by 3 million Aegis every year. From 1911 to 1920, it increases by 3 million Aegis every year. Increase by 5 million Aegis...)

5. The active force of the French Army shall not exceed 50,000, and the militia reserve shall not exceed 100,000. The Army shall not be equipped with tanks, armored vehicles, and artillery with a caliber exceeding 100mm; the Navy shall not exceed 5,000 personnel , and the main force shall not exceed 100,000. The displacement of a ship shall not exceed 5,000 tons, and the total tonnage of a warship shall not exceed 50,000 tons; any air power including airships and aircraft shall not be developed.

6. Close all domestic arsenals, and are not allowed to engage in any military industry R&D or manufacturing. All army and navy equipment must be purchased from Oobide and other countries.

7. Before all reparations are paid, the Allies have the right to garrison troops in France. The number of troops stationed in France will not exceed 250,000 in peacetime, and 80% of military expenses will be borne by the French government.

8. France ceded French Africa, French America and other overseas colonies to Austria.

...

Looking at the replica of the Treaty of Versailles, or a treaty more harsh than the Treaty of Versailles, Franz was speechless for a long time.

To this day, the history in the memory of past lives has lost its value. Whether this decision was right or wrong, Franz didn't know. In short, this is the common will of all countries in the Anti-French Alliance.

We can only think that the Chinese are unlucky to encounter a group of alliances that all want to weaken their alliance, unlike the original time and space when Britain and the United States wanted to preserve the vitality of the Germans.

Originally, the Russians wanted to preserve some vitality for the French to balance Austria, but unfortunately the tsarist government was reluctant to pay war reparations.

20% of 40 billion Aegis, that is 8 billion Aegis. Whoever dares to give up such a huge sum of money will have his head taken off by the nobles of the Russian Empire.

With this huge sum of money, the military expenses for the southward march to India are ready. As long as India is captured, it doesn't matter whether Austria is checked or not.

The only regret is that this huge sum of money did not arrive all at once, which delayed their great cause of going south. However, it is also good to have a steady flow of water, which can fill the financial hole of the tsarist government in the long term.

Those who hold people have short hands, and eaters have weak hands. After sharing such a huge sum of money, the Russians were naturally embarrassed to object when various countries were carving up France.

Of course, objections are invalid. On the issue of weakening France, the positions of various countries are firmer than Austria's, and they will not betray the Russians at all.

Unless the tsarist government is willing to give up the compensation, overturn the table at all costs, and run to join forces with the British.

This is obviously impossible. The interests of the world are the greatest. The tsarist government is rational and cannot sell its blood to support the law.

In any case, the dust of the European War had settled, and Franz's hanging heart finally settled.

After so many years of hard work, Austria, which is located in a land of four wars, has finally gotten rid of the embarrassment of multi-front wars.

Looking back, Franz finds it incredible now. In the past forty years, Austria has actually defeated three major enemies: Prussia, Ottoman, and France.

Without the pressure, Franz felt relaxed. After feeling secretly in his heart, Franz quickly made a decision: "Let's withdraw the troops according to the treaty! However, the handover of prisoners of war must be postponed until the situation in France is completely stabilized before letting them go. , so as not to cause unnecessary turmoil." The treaty must be observed, but the specific details need to be considered.

Franz's worries are not without purpose. Judging from the current situation, once the main Allied forces withdraw, it is almost inevitable that the situation in France will be unstable.

Once the prisoners of war are released, it is really unknown whether the situation can be controlled by the garrison stranded in France alone.

If the situation collapses, the coalition forces will have to be reorganized to intervene. With Austria's national strength, it can barely hold on, but its allies can't afford it.

Franz knew clearly the horror of people's war. He had no doubt about the revolutionary determination of the French people.

Just with the harsh terms of the Treaty of Vienna, just a spark is enough to detonate this powder keg.

Once the situation deteriorates, it cannot be settled by a simple intervention. Countries in the anti-French alliance have limited endurance. After a few repeated attempts, their hearts will disperse.

To avoid the worst case scenario, the best way is to hold the millions of prisoners of war in our hands. Without these people as the main force, even if a group of old, weak, sick and disabled people started to cause trouble, the threat would be limited.

Prime Minister Karl: "It doesn't matter if we withdraw the troops early. We have always provided the Allied logistics. An early withdrawal can also reduce the government's expenses.

Delaying the release of prisoners of war will be troublesome. So far, the Allies have held a total of 4.12 million prisoners of war. Prisoners of war, so many people are just eating, drinking and urinating.

Now that the war is over, the international community is staring at us..." It is more than a trouble, it is simply a time bomb. Fortunately for the prisoners in Africa, they are now contributing to the greening cause and finally have a stable job.

The situation is different for prisoners of war in Europe. Because of hatred, prisoners of war must be separated from the people, and they are not allowed to participate in post-war reconstruction.

Now these guys can only stay in the camp every day, and every one of them has a problem, and they often come up with some ridiculous problems.

Franz rubbed his forehead and said helplessly: "Then release the Italian prisoners of war first, and let the Italian governments pick them up themselves. The French prisoners of war who perform well will be released first, and 5,000 will be released every day. Are the prisoners making trouble? The enemy has surrendered, but why are we still afraid of a group of prisoners of war? We were worried about the bad political impact, so we entrusted the management to the Russians.

They have rich experience in this area, and the Ottomans are so stubborn, haven't they been tamed by them?" Sometimes ? , Franz really envies the Russians, who do whatever they want and directly ignore international public opinion.

Originally thinking that the Ottomans would have some troubles after moving to the Russian Empire, Franz was ready to provide condolence subsidies to the Tsarist government.

Reality is a slap in the face. Maybe it's because it's too cold in the winter to cause trouble. Or maybe it's because I've experienced severe beatings from society and learned to adapt.

In short, the Ottomans who entered the Russian Empire behaved very calmly. After all, the Ottoman immigrants who entered Siberia have now been reduced by two-thirds, and not many dare to make trouble.

With successful experience, Franz doesn't mind outsourcing labor again, and the cost may be lower than managing it himself.

It can be seen from military expenditures that Russian military officers are very experienced in cost control and are best at spending the least money to do the most things.

...

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Your Majesty, this is the number of troops stationed by various countries. The total number of troops is 249,000, namely: the Russians sent 120,000 troops, Spain sent 70,000 troops, Belgium sent 30,000 troops, Switzerland sent 11,000 troops, and the Ding sent 8,000 troops..." The garrison in France does not need Austria to worry about. In order to compete for the garrison quota, the anti-French alliance almost started fighting within itself. It seems that the French only bear 80% of military expenditures, but the account cannot be calculated that way.

The military expenditure base is determined with reference to the average level of the Austrian army. The presence of armored forces directly raises the average. Not all armies spend so much money.

For example, the per capita military expenditure of the Russian army is less than half of that of the Austrian army. Not only did the troops stationed in France help support the army, but the tsarist government could also make a fortune.

This is especially significant for neighboring countries. Just put your own army on the border, and someone will pay to support it, without affecting your own use at all.

In addition to these direct benefits on the surface, the benefits hidden in the dark are what everyone is really fighting for.

France's family fortune is very rich. Even though it was plundered by the coalition forces, the remaining oil and water is still very rich.

Of course, directly looting the place is still the next best option. The biggest benefit brought by the garrison is actually smuggling.

As long as it is branded as transporting munitions, the French have no right to interfere and can perfectly escape tariffs.

However, there are limits to smuggling, and moderation is most important if you want to maximize benefits. There are so many members of the Anti-French Alliance. If there are no rules and regulations, the market will soon be ruined.

What everyone is competing for now is not only the quota for the garrison, but also the quota for smuggling in the underground market.

Austria did not participate, not because it looked down on the market, but mainly because the Vienna government had already taken away the most valuable thing - talent.

If it weren't for the chaotic situation, everyone would have discovered that France's top scientists and engineers had immigrated en masse with their families.

Franz is very domineering in this regard. Regardless of whether he can use it for his own use, he must first get the person over.

It can be said that after this battle, France's high-end talents were directly cut off, and they may not be able to recover in another thirty years.

Such a big move did not cause an uproar in the outside world, and the cooperation of allies was naturally indispensable. In return, Austria gave up France's underground smuggling market.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 976 Detention of Warships

For Austria, the greatest significance of the signing of the Treaty of Vienna was not to restrict France, but to clear the final obstacle to the unification of the German region.

Russia and other countries have been bribed. Even if the remaining Netherlands, Portugal, and the Nordic Federation want to oppose, they must consider whether their bodies can withstand revenge.

Continental countries have no objection, let alone overseas countries. These days, only European powers interfere in overseas affairs, and no overseas country has ever interfered with European affairs.

Unable to find like-minded supporters, the British were helpless. Diplomatic protests are ineffective, so we can't intervene armedly, right?

In desperation, the British government could only choose to compromise. In exchange for recognizing Austria's annexation of the German Confederation, the Vienna government recognized their annexation of French Indochina.

Anyone with a discerning eye knows that it makes the same difference whether there is such recognition or not. Britain could not prevent the Anschluss of Germany and Austria, and Vienna could not interfere with the British annexation of French Indochina. Mutual recognition was just to make everyone looks better.

On June 12, 1892, under the witness of the international community, Austria and the German states jointly signed the Treaty of Holy Rome.

Almost at the same time, the German Bundestag announced the dissolution of the North German Reich. In the afternoon, King George I announced his abdication.

As a witness to history, I witnessed the destruction and rebirth of a country in one day, which undoubtedly had a huge impact on everyone.

Anyone with a little bit of political savvy knows that things have changed. The European continent has once again returned to the era of the Holy Roman Empire, and the international situation has changed from three giants to two giants.

Fortunately, the conflict between Britain and Austria has not intensified, otherwise just taking sides would be frustrating. However, everyone knows that this stability is only temporary, and it will be a matter of time before Britain and Austria fall out for world hegemony.

...

As night fell, sighs came from the Japanese Embassy in Vienna.

"If you don't go out for a walk, you won't know how fast the world is changing. There is an old Chinese saying that goes, "Thirty years to the east of the river, thirty years to the west of the river." How long had passed before the mighty French Empire fell. I originally thought we were developing fast enough, but compared with the great powers, we are still too far behind.

It seems that reform cannot stop. After this war is over, we will continue to deepen institutional reforms and strive to catch up as soon as possible.

" The bottom line is Ito Hirobumi, who quickly strengthened his confidence after feeling emotional. It's just that the sadness between his eyebrows has never been able to dissipate.

Political speculation has always been a high-yield, high-risk activity. The Japanese government made mistakes in previous operations and failed to jump ship in time. Now it will pay the price for it.

Fortunately, there was a saving in speculation this time and we did not jump directly onto the French ship, otherwise the ship would have sunk with the big ship now.

"Reform, isn't Austria the most conservative country in Europe? Apart from the Russian Empire, they are the most conservative." Saigo Congdao asked doubtfully.

This is also the impression from the outside world. Compared with France, which is the vanguard of "liberalism", Austria can indeed be called "conservative".

Now that "liberty" has lost to "conservatism," many people are reflecting on whether France has gone too far with "liberty." The causes and consequences of the European War have been disclosed by newspapers. Everyone knows that France was pushed onto the chariot by capital and "public opinion", and finally embarked on the road of no return.

Ito Hirobumi shook his head: "Where do you see that Austria has become conservative? Apart from the absence of a bunch of big trolls, the absence of strike marches everywhere, and the absence of election manifestos posted everywhere, what else do they lack?" Thanks to it ? With the strict implementation of the Press Act, newspapers must be responsible for the authenticity of newspaper content, and the social atmosphere of being kidnapped by money has been reversed.

In this context, it's okay to troll, but it must be realistic. Articles about casual trolling will not be published in newspapers at all.

There are still strike demonstrations, but they are not as frequent as in France, let alone in Vienna. After all, if the factories have moved away, where will the labor movement come from?

Because the colonies have been recruiting immigrants for a long time, Austrian capitalists still want to compete with the colonies for people, and they simply do not dare to exploit workers too much.

It's not like negative cases have never happened. For example, in this... factory, due to serious labor conflicts, the workers collectively ran away with buckets, no orders were fulfilled, and the boss was almost driven crazy by liquidated damages.

Not to mention the "election manifestos" flying all over the place. This is expressly prohibited by Austrian law. Once you put up a small advertisement, you will put yourself in it, so naturally no one will do it.

In the eyes of Ito Hirobumi, this is the manifestation of order. Eastern and Western cultures are different, and Japan pays special attention to rules.

Especially coupled with Austria's current prosperity, these advantages are amplified. Ito Hirobumi, who is good at learning, naturally wants to learn from it.

After pondering for a while, Xixiang Congdao nodded thoughtfully.

Austria now has a vast territory, rich resources, developed industry, prosperous economy, strong military, and political stability. What specifically is "missing"?

It is estimated that not many people can answer this question. If we insist on saying that it is insufficient, only the navy is not the best in the world.

However, this cannot be considered a shortcoming. Austria is not incapable of developing a navy. Compared with the Royal Navy, it only lacks quantity and experience.

These can all be solved, money can be spent on quantity, and experience can be accumulated. There is no qualitative gap between the two sides. There is no huge gap between the second and the first.

For Japan, the world's second-largest navy is unthinkable. In any case, it cannot be said that Austria lacks a navy.

After a while, Saigo said slowly: "Ito-kun, are you ready to restart the Vienna route?" When Japan started the Meiji Restoration, it inspected many European countries, and thus produced multiple sets of reform routes. , imitating Austria's Vienna route is also among them.

However, due to various factors, the Vienna route was eventually rejected. The Meiji Restoration was mainly modeled on Britain, France and Prussia, and formulated its own development route based on actual conditions.

Except for politics, the Japanese reform route in the original time and space was basically a success. Things are different now. With the successive failures of Prussia and France, doubts have arisen within Japan about this reform line.

Ito Hirobumi waved his hand: "No! Austria's development route cannot be copied at all. We don't have as strong a foundation as theirs, and we can't learn from them even if we want to! You must know that when they were in their lowest decline, they were among the four major powers in the world. First, after Emperor Franz the Great succeeded to the throne, he immediately joined the colonial wave after solving the internal troubles. He successively opened up Austrian Africa, Austrian America, and Austrian Southeast Asia. After growing in strength, he turned back and annexed the Ottoman Empire. Today's Austrian Empire is the result." In a sense, the Japanese government's strategy is also imitating Austria. Unfortunately, they were unlucky and encountered difficulties as soon as they stepped out of the country.

In the past, European countries competed for colonies and after seizing the territory, as long as they showed enough strength to let their opponents know that the gains outweigh the losses, everyone could solve the problem at the negotiation table, and there was rarely a fight to the end.

Judging from the current situation, even if the Spanish can recapture the Philippine Islands, they will have to pay a heavy price. The risks here are very high, and the benefits are not proportional to the effort.

Logically speaking, now is the time to go to the negotiating table. As long as the Japanese government pays a certain price, things will be understood.

Unfortunately, these experiences are not applicable now. It's okay to lose to European countries, but what does it mean to lose to the Japanese? Spain can't afford to lose this guy.

Especially after defeating France, Spanish nationalism became active, and the voice of revenge went straight to the sky.

With the proceeds from the anti-French war, the Spanish quickly formed an expeditionary fleet and had the capital for revenge.

The first step we took was to hit a hard nut, and the blow to the Japanese government was unprecedented. Ito Hirobumi would not dare to even think about continuing to imitate Austria's colonial strategy.

If possible, he would rather pack up his things and go home now, stop the pace of expansion, and slowly farm and accumulate wealth.

Japan lacks resources. If it relies solely on farming, its development rate will definitely be very slow, but it is safe!

Radical development is indeed very fast, but it also dies quickly. Prussia in the past few years and France now are negative examples of failure on the road to expansion.

Xixiang followed: "It's true that we can't learn. Our family background is too weak. If it were our old neighbor next door, we would probably have a little chance of success.

Let's not talk about this anymore, let's take care of the present! Anti-Fa The alliance proposed to carry out maintenance on the warship before delivery, which will take a month.

If nothing unexpected happens, the Spanish expedition fleet will also set off within a month. If you want to send the warship before the battle begins, There is probably no hope of returning home." Ito Hirobumi: "This is to be expected. As a member of the Anti-French Alliance, the Spaniards still have a little face. Even if the Anti-French Alliance does not detain us, we still have a lot of respect. It is difficult to be the first to send these warships back home.

This is today's newspaper. The Suez Canal has been restored to navigation. With the demise of the French, the ownership of this canal has completely fallen into the hands of Austria.

According to "Osi" more than thirty years ago "Port Agreement", Spanish warships can use Austrian ports to dock, and passing through the Suez Canal is naturally not a problem.

We don't have to think about it. Not to mention the previous wrong statement in favor of the French, even if the time goes forward a few decades, Our relations with Austria are very cold.

Regarding the warships, we can only find solutions from the British side. They simply have conflicts with Spain and are happy to watch the Spaniards suffer misfortune." There are two main reasons for the cold relationship between Austria and Japan . : First of all, Japan's reform mainly focused on learning from Britain, France and Prussia. Trade orders also flowed to the three countries, and trade with Austria was minimal.

Secondly, Franz was not able to perfectly control his emotions at the beginning of his succession and showed apathy toward the Japanese.

Without sufficient economic benefits, the relationship between the two countries will naturally not be able to deepen. Coupled with the emperor's indifferent attitude, the bureaucrats will naturally not waste time on a dispensable Japan.

At that time, Austria was far from as awesome as it is now. After receiving a cold reception, the Japanese government made no efforts to improve relations between the two countries.

If you don't burn incense on a regular basis, it's naturally not that easy to cram in a critical moment.

If the British were not worried that a Spanish revival in the Roussillon region would threaten the security of the Strait of Gibraltar, the Japanese would be in a real tragedy now.

Hearing that the warship was there, Xixiang Congdao felt relieved and couldn't help but said: "That's great. With the support of the British, it will not be difficult to defeat Spain." He had a fighting experience . , the Japanese navy still has a psychological advantage over the Spaniards. The only worry is that the strength gap between the two fleets is too huge.

Ito Hirofumi replied with a bitter look on his face: "It's not that simple. Spain is a member of the Anti-French Alliance. Even if the war is over, the love will still be there.

Once the British intervene in the war, the Anti-French Alliance will not sit idly by. Reasonably, the British are even less likely to fall out with the Anti-French Alliance for us.

In order not to irritate the Anti-French Alliance, the support the British can give us will certainly not be too great. If we want to win this war, we still have to rely on ourselves. " Facts have once again proven that if a country wants to succeed, it is very important to find teammates.

The British are obviously unreliable representatives. Ito Hirobumi has not forgotten how the French were sold in the just-ended European War.

You must know that Britain and France were allies at the beginning of the war. Although the British government did side with France, they never gave up any opportunity to take advantage of it.

It seems to be supporting France, but in fact it is trying to maintain the balance of power between the two warring parties, hoping that both France and Austria will lose.

Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly. The London government did not expect that Austria would hide its strength and directly deal a fatal blow to the French at the critical moment.

Seeing that France was in doom, the British's first reaction was not to pull in their allies, but to unilaterally tear up the alliance and add insult to injury.

There are many similar cases. For example, Belgium originally followed the British, but after being betrayed, it turned to Austria.

All allies can be betrayed, so the British will have even less pressure to betray Japan, which is not even an ally.

As you know, Hirobumi Ito still has no choice, or the Japanese government has no choice. Although Spain has always been the bottom line of the great powers, great powers are great powers, and their international influence is still extraordinary.

Except for the British, no country is willing to risk offending the Spanish at this time and sell them warships.

What's even more tragic is that if we don't get a group of warships back from the British, the subsequent war will be impossible to fight.

Xixiang followed the road thoughtfully, and after a while he slowly said: "In any case, it is better for the British to provide support than not.

As long as we can win the war, we can agree to any conditions now, and everything will wait. Let's talk after the war is over.” The two looked at each other and ended this heavy topic. The content behind it is so shocking. If the news leaks out, Japan will be doomed, so they can only keep everything secret.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 977: Treat the head when it hurts and the foot when it hurts. Being

aware of current affairs is one of the important reasons for Japan's success.

Since the Meiji Restoration, the Japanese government has been trying to embrace the British, although John Bull did not seem to be able to match them and did not accept their little brother who came to their door.

But after decades of hard work, the impression points are always there. However, in international competition, impression points alone are not enough. What is more important is opportunities.

For the Japanese, this is undoubtedly the best opportunity right now. The international situation is changing rapidly, and the British, who are isolated from European society, are in urgent need of allies.

Overlords have their own overlord bearing. What Britain needs are allies, not pets. It is impossible to accept all cats and dogs.

In the original time and space, Japan proved its strength in the Sino-Japanese War of 1894-1894, and was favored by the British and became a vanguard against Russia in the Far East.

Now is no exception. In the battle for the Philippine Islands, the strength shown by Japan made the British take a high look and have the opportunity for further contact.

...

Downing Street, since the outcome of the European War, Prime Minister Gladstone has not had a good night's sleep. He seems to have aged ten years.

The just-concluded Vienna Peace Conference dealt a fatal blow to Britain. The powerful French Empire has now been cut off, and there is no hope for it in the short term.

Without any surprises, the Anschluss with Germany and Austria that Britain was most worried about happened, and the resurgent Holy Roman Empire became the new European overlord.

And this overlord is different from the previous parallel import overlords. It is so powerful that it scares away the challengers.

It turns out that there is no worst, only worse. As a supporter of France, Britain had long stood on the opposite side of the anti-French alliance.

Even if there is a counter-attack at the last moment, it does not mean that the matter is over. With the Strait Protectors, the Anti-French Alliance naturally has no ability to liquidate them.

The lack of direct liquidation does not mean that we have given up revenge. At the last moment of the Vienna Peace Conference, the anti-French alliance came up with a plan, and the "Continental Alliance" with Austria as the core emerged.

As the name suggests, the "Continental Union" is naturally an alliance of countries from the European continent. Although Britain also belongs to Europe, they are a maritime country, so the Continental Union has nothing to do with them.

From the literal meaning alone, Gladstone also knew that Austria was pulling other countries to form the "Continental Alliance" in order to seize the right to speak.

Whether she wants to accept it or not, Britain, being excluded, has lost its voice on the European continent.

This is not the worst. What is worse is that no one stipulates that the "Continental Union" can only manage continental affairs. If the Vienna government wishes, it can use this alliance to intervene in international affairs.

The strength of the European Continental Alliance far exceeds the sum of the remaining countries. In this era when big fists are the truth, the right to speak is naturally unparalleled.

In other words, Britain's hegemony has been shaken. Although they still have the world's largest Royal Navy, they still have no confidence in the face of the "Continental Alliance" monster.

Originally I thought it was just a battle between Britain and Austria for hegemony, but the director got the wrong script and the plot turned into a battle between Britain and the "Continental Alliance" for hegemony. It's a good thing that filming hasn't been completed yet, otherwise Britain would be doomed.

"The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has been in contact with many countries such as Russia, Western Europe, and the Nordic Federation. Generally speaking, it is not optimistic. Everyone's confidence in the Holy Roman Empire is much higher than we expected.

Now we can only wait for the enemy to make mistakes, and then Look for opportunities to divide the Continental Alliance. If this alliance is not disbanded, we will always be in a passive position, and we will not be able to do anything about the Holy Roman Empire hiding behind it." It can be seen that George is in a very bad mood. As Britain's Foreign Secretary, the international situation has developed to this point, and it is already certain that he will be awarded the title of "Britain's Worst Foreign Secretary".

Political opponents did not take the opportunity to launch an attack, not because they understood or had moral integrity, but because no one wanted to take over this mess. When all is said and done, it's time for him to get out.

By comparison, others in the cabinet are faring much better. No matter how deteriorating the international situation was, Britain still reaped ample benefits from the European War.

Most of the wealth accumulated by the French flowed into Britain through trade, and the British Isles are now in their most prosperous economic period.

Although in the long run, the London government's poor decisions put Britain into an embarrassing situation; in the short term, all classes in the country benefited, and the public's perception of the government was not bad.

In fact, George also thought too much. The title of "the worst foreign secretary in history" will only be given to him by future generations. At the moment, the British people have no idea what they have lost.

Since the French warships were obtained through diplomatic means and the Royal Navy's dominance , the voice of public opinion criticizing the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has become much quieter.

Gladstone waved his hand: "Take your time, we are not in a hurry. The Holy Roman Empire has just been re-established, and there are still a lot of internal problems. For a long time to come, the Vienna government will be busy sorting out internal affairs. They don't care about us.

The anti-French alliance is not monolithic. It is only because the French have united together for a short time. France was severely weakened at the Vienna Peace Conference, and the threat to other countries has been greatly reduced. Wait until everyone can no longer feel After the threat from the French, this alliance should come to an end.

Regardless of how powerful the Holy Roman Empire is now, the more they make troubles, the easier it is to arouse the fear of other countries. France is a lesson learned from the past.

Just be afraid that they will not make troubles. If Vienna If the government has maintained its current international image and does not cause trouble on the European continent, it will be really troublesome." The defeat of France also had a huge impact on Britain, and both the private sector and the government are analyzing the reasons. The final conclusion they came to shocked themselves.

There is no way. The reason for France's defeat also applies to Britain - "too many people were offended." The French offended many people, and the British offended many. Fortunately, there are strait protection, otherwise it is unknown whether Britain would still exist.

Reflection after reflection, the London government does not have the ability to reverse this situation for a while. With the establishment of the Continental Alliance, no continental country will ally with them.

France, which had just been defeated, would not be an exception. Many French people now believe that their defeat in the war was betrayed by the British, and that the revolutionary government in Paris was a puppet supported by the British.

In a sense, this is not an injustice. The first stop for the French Revolutionary Party in exile was London. If it hadn't been for the protection of the British government, these guys would have been defeated by the Bonaparte dynasty.

On the surface, if the British government does not stab the knife at the last moment, but provides full support, the French may not be able to end the war in a dignified way.

After the defeat, many arrogant French people were still unwilling to admit that the defeat was due to their own lack of strength. They urgently needed an excuse that they could accept.

Under the guidance of thoughtful people, conspiracy theories have become popular. Britain ticked all the boxes and was thrust into the spotlight.

Of course, these are minor issues. After the defeat, France could no longer stand in the eyes of the British government and could do nothing except shout a few words.

Foreign Secretary George: "There is another question. The Japanese want to buy warships from us to fight against the Spanish expeditionary fleet. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs proposes to agree to them. With the end of the European War, the victorious Spaniards have become restless. . Voices of withdrawing the Strait of Gibraltar even appeared in Madrid newspapers.

Although it is not yet a climate, we still have to be vigilant. If Vienna provokes behind the scenes, the Spanish, who are full of self-confidence, may do stupid things.

In order to avoid the final When a bad situation happens, we'd better find an opportunity to wake up the Spanish.

Anyway, with the disappearance of the French Navy, the pressure on the Royal Navy has been greatly reduced. Immediately we will have to accept a large number of warships from the French Navy for a long time to come. Within a short period of time, the Royal Navy will face the problem of surplus warships.

Taking the opportunity to deal with a batch of redundant warships to the Japanese can not only use them to consume Spain's strength, but also save a lot of money." The problem of too many warships is currently only the British People enjoy it alone. The Royal Navy originally had a large number of warships, but now it has received most of the French warships. The next problem the Royal Navy will face is that there are warships but no one is driving them.

Because a warship auction had just concluded, the international arms market happened to be saturated, and apart from Japan, there was no second buyer at all.

Admiralty Astley cursed: "Don't mention the French warships to me. The damn Austrians have left us a pile of junk, and nearly one-tenth of them will be decommissioned soon.

And they The promised engineers and shipbuilding technology are all nonsense. The so-called engineers are just a bunch of coolie workers. The handed over shipbuilding technical materials are mixed together, most of which are for sailing battleships, even if they have French core technology , we couldn't find it for a while." As the world's second largest naval power, the French Navy also has a very strong financial background. Although it is not as good as Britain in general, it is the first in the world in some areas.

No one will let their competitors get bigger, and Austria is no exception. Naturally, you will use all possible means to attack your competitors.

From the beginning, the Royal Navy had no hope of obtaining the core technology of the French. Even if the Austrians dared to give it, they would not dare to use it directly.

However, Astley was still in a bad mood after being tricked. Especially after learning that they were the only ones enjoying special treatment, Astley felt even worse.

"There are no problems with the capital ships. Let's not mention the minor flaws. In any case, these warships have also consolidated the dominance of the Royal Navy.

In the long run, Austria will be our biggest enemy in the future; but in the short term, it will be very difficult for us. The greatest threat is still from the Russians.

The Tsarist government has announced the establishment of the Central Asian Railway project. After determining that the European continent cannot break through, the Russians' strategy has shifted to India.

Reactive responses are definitely not enough, we must find ways to take the initiative. Afghanistan Everyone knows how complex the geographical environment is. To fight the Russians, it is best to open a new front.

There are not many options left for us, and the Nordic Federation cannot count on it. In addition to continuing to support the Persians, we must also fight in the Far East The region found an enemy for the Russians and made the tsarist government exhausted.

Of course, the Nanyang region cannot be given up. With the establishment of the Continental Alliance, our competition in the Nanyang region has also fallen into a disadvantage. If the Spanish take back the Philippine Islands , the situation will be even more unfavorable to us.

The Admiralty Department will send someone to evaluate the strength of the Japanese navy, and if possible, let them become a nail in our Nanyang region." After making such a decision, Gladstone also Very helpless. Knowing that this is treating the symptoms rather than the root cause, but there is no other way, Britain can only choose to treat the symptoms first.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 978 Another obedient one takes the stage

Franz can no longer care about the changing international situation. The Holy Roman Empire had just been restored, and there were still a lot of problems waiting for him to deal with.

The German states are easy to resolve. Anyway, they all have a high degree of autonomy. There is no need for the central government to intervene in local affairs. After agreeing on the rights and obligations of both parties, the matter is almost completed.

The Rhineland was in ruins, with nothing left except a group of refugees. Postwar reconstruction became the main task of the Vienna government in 1892.

The situation in the newly acquired Principality of Lorraine, Province of Alsace, and Kingdom of Burgundy is even worse. Although historically these areas were the territories of the Holy Roman Empire, the French have ruled the area for hundreds of years and have long been entrenched .

It is not that there are no people who welcome the Holy Roman Empire, but they have become a very small minority, and most of the people are on the side of France.

Needless to say, the Vienna government will not take over such trouble. Since the Austrian army occupied the above-mentioned areas, they have continued to repatriate French people.

It was clear that things were not going to go that well. The French could be repatriated, but the people of the Holy Roman Empire could not be expelled.

This is a bad debt. Going forward in history, many people's ancestors were members of the Holy Roman Empire. As long as you know a few words in Austrian and insist that they are remnants of the Holy Roman Empire, there is no way to identify them.

It was hard to leave the homeland, so in order not to be deported, everyone who could sneak in did so. Among them were some anti-Austrian elements, who took the opportunity to lurk.

Fortunately, the territory gained this time is not large, and there are not many deep mountains and old forests, which are not suitable for guerrillas to survive. Otherwise, with the cooperation of local people, it would be difficult for the Austrian army to destroy the guerrillas.

Just because the guerrillas are gone, it doesn't mean that the local area is stable. Perhaps inheriting the French tradition, demonstrations broke out in Vienna as soon as the appointment of local government officials was announced.

"How many people are participating in the parade?" Franz asked indifferently.

It was obvious that he was really angry. I've seen people who don't give face, but I've never seen people who don't give face like this.

If the officials appointed by the central government do not do a good job and the locals want to boycott, Franz can still accept it. Just when the personnel appointments were announced, he jumped out to cause trouble, which was far beyond his bottom line.

Compromise is impossible. If we give in, the authority of the central government will be over. At that time, we don't know how many places will follow suit.

Prime Minister Karl: "About 200,000 people have participated in demonstrations, especially in the Burgundy region, and mobs have stormed government buildings.

According to the intelligence collected, several small local parties are planning this action. They want to pass the parade The demonstration threatened the central government to repeal the press bill and open up suffrage to achieve regional autonomy.

After the incident escalated, the garrison immediately took over the local area. Many political party members are currently being arrested, but unfortunately their leader left the country before the incident. " "Autonomy" is not a new term. The Holy Roman Empire has a lot of states, so there is no shortage of autonomous regions.

However, these areas are either historical relics or have special circumstances that are not suitable for direct rule by the central government.

Obviously, the three border provinces of Lorraine, Alsace, and Burgundy were not suitable for self-government. Although the locals now consider themselves citizens of the Holy Roman Empire, this is based on the premise of expelling the French, and many people accept it because they are unwilling to run away.

Time is like a butcher's knife. Hundreds of years have passed, and no one can guarantee how high the local people's sense of belonging to the Holy Roman Empire will be.

If we really let them become autonomous, these guys might one day get together with the French again.

Franz rubbed his forehead and said slowly: "Issue the most wanted warrant to arrest these fugitive felons, regardless of life or death. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is ready to propose a proposal at the next European Union meeting to strive for the signing of a treaty to combat transnational crime. We cannot let overseas become a place outside the law.

As for the people participating in the march..." Well, Franz still hesitated. There are so many people involved that it would be a headache for anyone to deal with it.

"Re-examine the identity of the local people, find out the French spies who are lurking in, execute those with serious crimes on the spot, and deport the rest! The assessment criteria are not limited to language. Anyone who has any anti-government and anti-social speech or behavior, engages in Any criminal record, failure to report knowledge, deliberate concealment and cover for enemy agents will be subject to intensive review." "Examination" is naturally impossible. There are millions of people left behind. If we check them one by one, it is estimated that it may not be possible to complete this century.

In this context, naturally only extraordinary measures can be taken. In short, in a word, all the people of the Holy Roman Empire support the empire and the emperor, fight resolutely against the enemy, and possess various fine traditional virtues.

This kind of attempt to split the country and endanger the country is definitely not what the people of the empire would do, and the participants must be spies of the French.

There is no implication. In this age where blood is important, if one person is French, naturally the whole family is French, including all direct and collateral relatives. Those who do not take the initiative to expose are all French spies.

Expansion was not Franz's original intention, but there was no other way. If we don't deport these people now, it will be difficult to clean up these hidden dangers in the future.

Just by relying on the banner of the Holy Roman Empire, millions of French people can surrender. This is clearly how the children of destiny are treated. If it had such a strong appeal, the Habsburg dynasty would not have been defeated by Napoleon.

After his attempt at political means failed, Franz decisively chose to activate a backup plan. Anyway, from the beginning, the Vienna government was not prepared to obtain population from France.

The seeds of hatred have been planted long ago, and now it is nothing more than making the conflict between the two countries deeper. If you want to resolve hatred and ease conflicts, there is no need to think about it until this generation dies.

Deep down, Franz was also terrified. If these people hadn't been able to keep their composure and were exposed in advance, they might have really become a hidden danger to Austria.

If nothing else, as long as messy thoughts are input, it is more terrifying than any weapon.

Of course, this is impossible. If France is still strong and their ideas are still attractive to intellectuals, all we can learn from them now is experience and lessons.

In this regard, everyone is very realistic. To learn, you must also learn from successful experiences. Failures can only be used to draw lessons.

Not only are the outside world reflecting on this, but the French themselves are reflecting on it. Then the French intellectual world became even more confused.

Some people angrily criticized the revolutionary government in Paris, some denounced the monarchy, some criticized the bourgeois conglomerates, some blamed the British, and some despised the anti-French alliance for its large number of people. Some even attributed the defeat to "freedom has passed" "Fire"...

All kinds of ideas are blooming in Paris at the moment. It is difficult to determine which idea can save France.

If the anti-French alliance had not just begun to withdraw its troops, Paris might have staged an all-out show of force. The Vienna government could provoke a civil war among the French at any time if it wished.

With everything in such chaos, who has the time to cause trouble for the Holy Roman Empire? Even if you really want to do it, you have more than enough ambition but not enough energy.

Prime Minister Karl: "Your Majesty, the situation in France is very bad. If we adopt a backup plan, the Paris government may not be able to survive.

According to the intelligence collected, the unemployment rate in France has exceeded 50%, and the number of refugees has exceeded 50%. Five million, most of them are people repatriated from various countries.

If we repatriate the remaining millions of people, the number of refugees in France will probably exceed the seven million mark.

The war has drained France of its blood. What the revolutionary government in Paris inherited is a mess, and they have no ability to clean up the mess." The real situation is even more serious than what Karl said. Not only is the revolutionary government in Paris short of money and food, but it also has very little binding force on local governments. It is basically an empty frame. .

Including the current refugee relief, it is all hosted by local governments and nobles, and the finances of many local governments are on the verge of collapse.

Once the limit is exceeded and local governments stop providing relief to refugees, this time bomb will detonate.

Franz was fully aware of the horrific consequences of refugees turning into bandits. It was simply a black hole. Countless dynasties throughout the ages have been swallowed by this black hole.

"The population of France should have dropped to less than 30 million, right?" Prime Minister Karl replied affirmatively: "It's already here! After the war broke out, France lost more than one million immigrants alone, and millions more died in the war. Even more people died.

The revolutionary government in Paris lacked sufficient governance capabilities, failed to take timely response measures, and was still sitting back and watching the crisis amplify.

In order to stabilize the local area, the Allied forces stationed in France have launched multiple attacks to annihilate the rebels.

" Lanz nodded, and after thinking for a moment, he slowly said: "Since the Paris revolutionary government can't support the wall with mud, let's just postpone it to reconstruction.

Implement a backup plan, and then support the Paris revolutionary government after it is finished." A royal family is restored. It saves them from pushing back and forth and failing to elect a king for so long." The butt determines the head. As a vested interest in the monarchy system, Franz naturally wants to maintain this system.

It just so happens that there are many royal families in France. The Bonaparte dynasty is finished, and there are still Bourbon and Orleans to replace it.

After the establishment of the Continental League, the first resolution was to order the restoration of France. As a defeated country, the French naturally had no confidence to refuse.

However, when implemented, this resolution, which seriously harmed the interests of the revolutionary government in Paris, was resisted.

Clearly refusing to do so would not work, so the Paris government launched a parliamentary cap. Anyway, the efficiency of the parliament is just that, and it is normal for it to be inconclusive for three to five years.

As a rule-abiding boss, the Vienna government naturally cannot forcibly interfere in other people's internal affairs just because the French are slow. Then, things just dragged on.

When the matter failed, the Continental Alliance's humanitarian aid plan for France was naturally shelved. Originally, Franz was going to spend it and use food to force the revolutionary government in Paris to make concessions.

Unexpectedly, the bastards of the Paris revolutionary government are so stubborn that they cling to power and refuse to let go, as if they did not see the crisis.

It seems that as long as they insist, the Vienna government will compromise with them so that the compensation can be paid normally.

Such threats naturally did not scare Franz. It is true that the French have to pay a lot of compensation, but at the moment they only have to pay more than 10 million Aegis, and only a few million are allocated to the Vienna government.

Such a small amount of money may be a big figure for other countries, but for the Holy Roman Empire, it is nothing more than a day's fiscal revenue.

Once it's gone, it's gone. Even if it loses one day's income, the Vienna government can still live its life as usual without causing famine.

In order to feel better, Franz decided to kick out the disobedient and incompetent Paris revolutionary government and replace it with an obedient one.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 979: The Style of the Great Powers

As the sun set, a large-scale fleet slowly sailed towards the port of New Frankfurt, quickly causing a sensation among the workers on the docks.

As one of the most important military ports of the Holy Roman Empire in the Southeast Asian region, it is normal for a fleet to appear there. But this time it was different. The fleet entering the port was flying the wrong flag.

A young man pointed forward with trembling hands and exclaimed: "What's going on? What bastard is so careless that he got the military flag wrong!" New Frankfurt Port is one of the bases of the Austrian Nanyang Fleet, which can be regarded as a military important place. Even if a foreign warship occasionally passes by and needs supplies, it will send a small boat to deliver it and never talk about docking .

This was also a tacit understanding between colonial empires. For the security of the port, warships from other countries are generally not allowed to enter unless the invitation is accepted or the warship is damaged during the operation and must be repaired.

Especially after Japan's successful sneak attack on the Philippines, the major colonial empires became even more vigilant. Not to mention that such a huge fleet has docked, even if it wants to obtain supplies, it must stay several miles away.

The middle-aged foreman next to him sneered: "Don't talk nonsense. Who would hang the wrong military flag? Just look at the shape of the warship. It's obviously not ours.

That's the flag of the Spanish. They are fighting the Japanese. I heard We suffered a big loss in the past few days. It seems that this fleet should be reinforcements sent by them.

I just don't know what happened, but they came to us." After a pause, the middle-aged man seemed to have thought of something. After reacting, he immediately reprimanded: "Hurry up and work, don't think about being lazy for me. Is it your turn to worry about the big shot's affairs ?

Do you still want your wages? Let me tell you, if you can't finish today's work, no one will be able to come back." Home." Suddenly a little man held his stomach with both hands and showed a painful expression, which quickly attracted the attention of the middle-aged foreman.

"Little monkey, what are you doing?" It can be seen that the middle-aged foreman is still very worried. It's just that no one knows whether he is worried about the little monkey's body or today's work.

"Boss, I have a stomachache. Can you give me some money first and let me go to the hospital for a checkup?" As he spoke, the young man from Little Monkey had already squatted down, as if he was in unbearable pain.

The middle-aged foreman frowned. Illnesses came like a mountain, especially those who were engaged in heavy physical work on the dock. But when they fell ill, few could get up.

It's not that it can't be treated, it's that there is no money to treat it. Although the income of dock workers is relatively generous, after deducting the expenses of a family, there is still very little left.

If he doesn't seek medical treatment, he will die. If he does go to the hospital, I don't know whether he can be saved. Anyway, his family will definitely be lost.

"Okay! But don't go to the hospital, kid. That's not the place for people like us to go. Just go to Lao Liutou and prescribe some medicine." The poor have their own way of life. In addition to expensive hospitals, there are also There are barefoot doctors living in exile.

I don't care about the medical skills, but the price is cheap.

Generally speaking, these barefoot doctors go out to collect the medicinal materials themselves. They only buy medicines that are not available on the island, and the cost is much lower than that of the hospital.

But you get what you pay for, and there are really not many barefoot doctors in Nanyang who have good medical skills. If he really had the ability, he would have been admitted to the hospital long ago.

They are all private hospitals, and everything is based on money. As long as they can make money, capitalists don't care about Chinese or Western medicine.

Driven by interests, the earliest hospital of integrated traditional Chinese and Western medicine appeared quietly.

The little monkey young man kept nodding his head, indicating that he already understood. After taking the money from the middle-aged foreman, he left tremblingly.

Everyone is responsible for their own affairs. In this precarious era, unless they are relatives and friends, no one will mind their own business.

The little monkey joined us later. He is not related to anyone, nor does he have any acquaintance with us. He is not even considered a hometown. Except for a few sighs, the rest of the people continued to work.

After getting out of everyone's sight, the dying little monkey regained his strength in an instant and ran to the telegraph company as quickly as possible.

...

In the early hours of the morning, the Imperial Palace was still brightly lit. Emperor Meiji, who was supposed to be resting, was awakened by a sudden telegram and hurriedly held an imperial meeting.

"The enemy's speed is much faster than we expected. It has arrived at Sulawesi Island and is now parked in New Frankfurt Port, only one step away from the Philippines.

Seeing that the enemy is about to launch an attack, the warships promised by the British have not yet arrived. Once we get it, we must come up with a plan on how to deal with it next." Emperor Meiji said without any doubt.

The severity of the situation was completely beyond his expectation. According to international practice, the Holy Roman Empire, as a neutral country, could not provide help to Spain during the war.

Generally speaking, for the sake of national reputation, even if support is provided to warring countries, it is done secretly. Such blatant support as the Holy Roman Empire rarely occurs in the European world.

Unexpectedly, the routine suddenly stopped working. The Holy Roman Empire seemed to not care about its international reputation this time. It not only allowed Spanish warships to pass through the Suez Canal, but also provided port docking to the Spanish Navy.

If nothing else happens, it would not be surprising to provide repairs and maintenance for the Spanish warships.

It seems that these supports are inconspicuous, but in fact these are factors that directly affect the naval combat effectiveness.

The Russian Pacific Fleet in the original time and space was simply killed by the Japanese because it did not have these logistical supports and could not even exert its full combat effectiveness by five points. Otherwise, it is still unknown who will win and who will lose.

Admiral Ito Yuhiro asked: "What does the Ministry of Foreign Affairs do? Didn't the Austrians say they are neutral? Why did they suddenly support Spain? Why did we not receive any news before? This is dereliction of duty. Do you know , How much damage will such an accident bring to the empire?" "Ito-kun, calm down first. No one wants to see something like this happen. And our Ministry of Foreign Affairs is not just idle.

The Vienna government announced it early. Neutrality, this is a fact that everyone knows. What happened now is mainly because we ignored a secret agreement 40 years ago.

Before the Austrians went to the ocean, they signed port-sharing agreements with multiple colonial empires. , including Spain.

It was thanks to this treaty that the Austrians were able to overcome the supply difficulties in the early colonial period and create the world's second colonial empire.

According to the treaty, the contracting parties have the right to do so without endangering their own interests. Our obligation is to provide logistical support and port calls to the other party within the scope of our capabilities." Saionji Temple helplessly explained.

This is really not their responsibility. Forty years ago it was the shogunate era and they were still little kids. Who would care about a treaty that didn't even cost them half a dime!

Especially this treaty exists in the form of a secret agreement. If he hadn't gone to negotiate with the Holy Roman Empire's minister, he wouldn't even know that the treaty existed.

Ito Yuhiro asked angrily: "So what if there is a secret agreement? Didn't the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ask the Austrians for an explanation for this kind of behavior that violates international conventions?" Saionji Konobo replied bitterly: "The explanation is of course required. Here we are. After receiving the news that the Spanish Navy had entered New Frankfurt Port, I immediately met with the Minister of the Holy Roman Empire.

The other party also gave a reasonable explanation, but I don't think you will like this explanation." Eye contact After talking for a while, seeing that everyone was determined and insisted on knowing, Xiyuanji Gongwang said slowly: "Minister Antonio expressed regret for this incident, and made a commitment on behalf of the Vienna government and was willing to bear all the consequences. He also said If we insist on pursuing them, we can declare war on them on this basis, and the Holy Roman Empire will take the initiative to assume the moral responsibility for this war." It was okay not to explain, but everyone couldn't bear this explanation. Even Emperor Meiji, who always valued the majesty of the monarch, was furious at this moment.

An understatement of willingness to take responsibility seems to be taking responsibility for the matter, but in fact it is just showing helplessness.

"Declaration of war"?

If Japan had this strength, Emperor Meiji would not mind having a good fight with the Holy Roman Empire to let them know that the Japanese Empire is not easy to mess with!

Unfortunately, reality is cruel. The Holy Roman Empire, which was established less than two months ago, is now the hegemon of half of the world. A country like Japan can be killed with one slap.

A weak country has no diplomacy, which is vividly reflected here. Even if they admit that they violated international conventions, the Japanese government does not have the guts to hold them accountable.

Even the Vienna government once again proved its credibility to the outside world because of this incident. For a secret agreement made forty years ago, you can go to death in violation of international conventions...

Well, the Japanese are still a little less important these days, and it won't be very convincing if it is spread out. If it were a British person, the effect would probably be even better.

After all, he was used to big winds and waves. Seeing that the meeting was out of control, Emperor Meiji immediately reacted and reprimanded: "Shut up, everyone! If you want to scold me, go home and scold yourself slowly, don't act wild here.

I also know that the Holy Roman Empire is What I did this time was very unethical, but what can I do? They are the most powerful country in the world and have domineering capital.

If you can, just keep this account in mind and wait for the opportunity to recover from them in the future. Come and wash away this shame." At the end of his words, Emperor Meiji lost his confidence. There is no way, the strength gap between the two sides is too huge.

Just the power of the Holy Roman Empire in the Southeast Asia region has the ability to destroy the Japanese Empire. If we talk about the comprehensive national strength of the two countries, there is at least a double-digit multiple difference.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 980: The Secret Treaty between Britain and Japan

: A blessing in disguise. Politics can be such a comedy sometimes. Originally, the British government had doubts about supporting the Japanese. It was worried that the mud would not support the wall and the investment cost would not be recovered.

But after the Holy Roman Empire supported the Spanish, the British government had no choice. If they don't take action, they will no longer have a foothold in the Nanyang region.

Britain does not have much interest in the Nanyang region, and it seems that it will not lose much even if it is squeezed out. However, things cannot be taken at face value.

If you open the map, you will see that the Nanyang region is stuck between the Far East and India. Once it is squeezed out, Britain's hegemony in the Far East will also be shaken.

Of course, they have another option - Australia. The problem goes in a big circle again!

Britain can't stand the trouble anymore. The Royal Navy's inability to navigate through the Suez Canal is already under great pressure, and it would be impossible to make it through another detour.

In this context, Britain can only introduce external forces to balance the forces in the Southeast Asia region and relieve its own pressure.

...

At the same time that the Spanish arrived at the New Frankfurt Port, Ito Hirobumi signed the "Anglo-Japanese Secret Treaty of South Seas" in London on behalf of the Japanese government and British Foreign Secretary George.

The treaty stipulates:

1. Both contracting states mutually recognize the right to protect their own interests in the Nanyang region. If Japan's "special interests" in Nanyang are threatened by other countries, the two countries have the right to intervene.

2. When one of the contracting parties goes to war with a third country to protect the above-mentioned interests, the other party shall strictly maintain neutrality and provide assistance within the scope of its capabilities.

3. If one of the contracting parties is attacked by two or more countries, the other party shall provide military assistance.

4. In peacetime, the navies of the two countries should cooperate in actions to maintain their advantages in the South Central Sea and the Far East.

...

Supplementary Agreement: In view of the needs of the Japanese-Spanish War, Britain sold 3 battleships, 5 cruisers, 7 destroyers, and a number of ancillary warships to the Japanese government.

The treaty is valid for 5 years. After expiration, the two countries will decide whether to renew the contract depending on the specific circumstances.

Except for the different targets, this Anglo-Japanese secret agreement is basically a replica of the "Anglo-Japanese Alliance" in the original time and space. The only difference is probably that the situation in the Nanyang region is more complicated, which makes both Britain and Japan are unwilling to disclose the news of the alliance.

Regardless of the fact that the Royal Navy ranks first in the world, in terms of fleet deployment speed, they are still not as good as the Holy Roman Empire in the Southeast Asia region.

The fleets of the two countries set off from the mainland at the same time, and the fleet of the Holy Roman Empire arrived at least half a month earlier. This is the strategic significance of the Suez Canal.

The only way to avoid this disadvantage is to station heavy troops. Theoretically, as long as the Royal Navy is twice as large as the Shinra Navy, it can maintain its advantage.

As long as the Royal Navy divides its forces into two and blocks the Strait of Gibraltar and the Red Sea, it can lock the HRE fleet in the Mediterranean bathtub.

After all, the Royal Navy has a stronger combat effectiveness. With a comparable fleet size, the Shinra Navy is not yet their opponent.

Of course, this is just theory. If you really put it into practice, you will find that it has no effect at all.

Maritime blockade is only effective against small countries. Facing the giant Shinra, the Royal Navy's blockade will at best bring some economic losses.

Apart from irritating the Vienna government and causing the Shinra Empire to invest more in building warships, it has no deterrent effect at all.

Although it cannot win, Britain cannot lose either. With the power of the Royal Navy, it is invincible in heaven.

The final result is that Britain will lose its colonies in Africa, and HRE will most likely lose its colonies in Southeast Asia and the Americas.

Perhaps the two countries also have air forces competing with each other, and you and I are bombing each other. Maybe several countries along the coast of HRE will also be baptized by war.

But in general, both sides are big losers, and the winners will only be the people who are not involved.

Without falling out, the secret agreement between Britain and Japan was exposed, which was to force the Netherlands and Spain to unite with HRE.

Two against three, the British felt at a disadvantage, while the Japanese simply did not dare to join in the fun. Although they are both great powers, the goalkeeper of a great power like Spain is completely different from the HRE Empire.

If the game really fails, who can guarantee that the British will be reliable? If they ignore everything and a fleet goes directly to Tokyo, the Japanese government cannot afford it.

Even if the British government is willing to help, they can only help collect the bodies when the Royal Navy arrives.

Revenge, what's the use?

With the financial resources of the Japanese Empire, if you lose once, you won't be able to make a comeback. There will be no future. You can't expect the Holy Roman Empire to admit defeat and pay money so they can rebuild their navy, right?

...

The Spaniards who had just arrived at the port of New Frankfurt were holding a celebratory banquet. After drifting at sea for so many days, it was finally time to finally reach the shore. It was time to relax.

"Sir Witte, isn't Governor Chandler here?" Halfway through the banquet, the fleet commander, Admiral Walkenhein, realized that there was another important guest who had not arrived.

Sir Witte, as the foreign affairs officer, smiled and replied: "I am very sorry. Your Excellency, the Governor, I am temporarily unable to come, so let me convey my apology on my behalf." It can be seen from his sincere smile that he is full of apology. Unfortunately, this is not what Admiral Valkenhayn needs.

If Spain wanted to defeat the Japanese and regain the Philippine Islands, the support of the Austrian Governor of Nanyang was indispensable. Governor Chandler stayed away, obviously not wanting to get further involved in the Japanese-Spanish War.

Although the two countries are allies, interests still have to speak for themselves. If the Vienna government can fulfill the previous treaty signed with Spain, it is already a very good friend.

If you want to get further support, it depends on what the Spanish government is willing to pay. Unfortunately, Spain's financial resources are too thin and they simply cannot afford this price.

Otherwise, Spain would have bought off the European countries and allowed the Continental Alliance to pass a resolution ordering the Japanese to withdraw from the Philippine Islands.

Not to mention the Japanese government, even if it were the British government, they would think twice before taking the collective decision of the European Union.

In fact, Spain is not without opportunities. If you join the Anti-French Alliance before the Russians join the war, you can definitely get the full support of the Anti-French Alliance.

It's a pity that the Spanish government was so hesitant that it was so slow that it entered the war too late for the Russians, causing its own value to plummet.

The status of the victorious nation has been achieved, and the spoils of war have been obtained. If you want to ask the Holy Roman Empire to help take back the Philippine Islands, it is obviously not enough.

After a brief moment of embarrassment, Admiral Valkenhayn immediately reacted and replied politely: "It doesn't matter. It's understandable that the Governor has a lot to do. It's just a matter of warship maintenance. I don't know when it can start?

Sir Witte, you know "Our fleet came from the mainland and sailed tens of thousands of kilometers. We are about to fight another war. The warships are in urgent need of maintenance." After sailing tens of thousands of kilometers, the warships are only "maintained" rather than "repaired", which is enough to prove The quality of French warships also proves the professionalism of the Spanish Navy.

Compared with the miserable Russian fleet in the original time and space, the Spaniards are too lucky now.

"The repair shop is ready and can start at any time. It's just that your country's fleet is so large that one repair shop may not be able to complete the maintenance in a short time.

If you are in a hurry, I personally recommend spreading the fleet to multiple repairs The factory will perform maintenance. With our technical strength, if we separate it, it can be done in as soon as one week." The money delivered to your door is not earned in vain. Whether it is providing logistical supplies or conducting warship maintenance, there is a fee.

Sir Witte has always treated his customers with the warmth of the sun. As long as the customer has money in his pocket, he will do everything possible to satisfy the customer's needs.

As for the outcome of this war, it is actually not that important. As long as the Vienna government is willing, even if the Spanish navy is completely wiped out, a more powerful fleet can be formed for them immediately.

The same goes for enemies. As long as the British are willing, no matter how big the Japanese losses are, they can also make up for it immediately.

In a sense, the key to determining the outcome of the Japanese-Spanish War is no longer on the battlefield, but in the game between the great powers.

Admiral Valkenhayn said happily: "Of course, the sooner the better, the Filipino people are still waiting for us to rescue them!" Although he didn't know that Britain and Japan had already hooked up, but the truth of long nights and long dreams, Valkenhayn Because the admiral still understands.

The Philippine Islands are a treasure, and it is not just the Japanese who have peeked here. Almost every colonial empire has had fantasies about this place.

In the short term, everyone still assumes that the Philippine Islands are Spanish colonies. Due to political factors, it is inconvenient for other countries to take action against the Philippine Islands.

But as time goes by, the situation will be different. Once the international community believes that Spain is unable to take back the Philippine Islands, their ownership of the Philippine Islands will also be lost.

In the Philippine Islands, where the owners have changed, the original political factors no longer exist, and there is no burden for everyone to get angry.

In particular, Britain and Austria both have enough power to seize the Philippine Islands from the Japanese, and they are the objects of vigilance in Valkenhayn.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 981 Losing Money

As the Allied forces continued to withdraw, the security in France also deteriorated sharply. The revolutionary government in Paris that had just taken over power obviously lacked governance experience, and the response measures it took were even more ridiculous.

For example: "Economic Recovery Law", "Employment Law", "Social Assistance Law"...

These measures seem to be very good, but in fact they ignore the feasibility. Whether it is restoring the economy, increasing employment rates, or social assistance, everything is inseparable - money.

It just so happens that France has no money right now. The European War not only impoverished the French government, but also severely damaged the private financial groups, which were unable to provide funds for the Paris government.

If you don't have money, just print money. I don't know which genius came up with the idea. The small currencies of 1 franc and 2 franc have long since withdrawn from the stage of history. Since the success of the Paris Revolution, the number of zeros on the franc has continued to increase.

In France, where everyone is a billionaire, carrying a bag of money to buy bread is nothing new.

No matter how hard ordinary people try, they cannot keep up with inflation. As the Times described it, the franc increases by a zero every month.

The economy had collapsed, and the revolutionary government in Paris continued to fight within itself. President Robert, who was the scapegoat, was ousted by the angry French people long ago. Now the 17th President of the French Republic, Baptiste, is in power.

On average, the government changes twice a month, which is a true reflection of "the emperor takes turns and comes to my house next year." It can be said that any political faction with a bit of energy has produced a president.

However, the final outcome is the same. No matter who comes to power, they can't last long, let alone control the situation.

After hanging a cigar and puffing away the smoke, President Baptiste asked: "When will the aid from the European Union be cashed in?" France has no money, and it can only turn to the international community to get rid of its financial difficulties. There is no doubt that the only one that can help them with the current situation is the Continental Alliance.

Although the British are also rich, John Bull's money is too hot to handle! The current overlord of Europe is the Holy Roman Empire. If you go to entangle yourself with the British, you are looking for death.

Foreign Minister Fernandez: "I am very sorry, Your Excellency the President. The European Union has issued an ultimatum, ordering us to determine the candidate for the king within a month and restore the monarchy.

If we cannot meet their demands, not only will there be no international assistance, but also the possibility of Sanctioned by the Alliance.

Just yesterday morning, Chekov, the head of the Holy Roman Empire's Grain Commission, issued the "White Paper on Grain Exports", lowering the total amount of grain planned to be exported to our country in the second half of the year by one million tons ." Theoretically speaking, , after abandoning the Italian region, France no longer lacked food. But this is only in theory. Because of the war, France's agricultural production suffered a devastating blow, and food had to rely on international imports.

The Holy Roman Empire has monopolized the European grain trade for more than a day or two. With the birth of the Continental Union, this monopoly has been pushed to the extreme.

As a strengthened version of the EU, a customs union is naturally indispensable. Agricultural products from American countries also have to pay high tariffs if they want to be imported into France.

If the tariffs were collected by the French government, these would naturally not be a problem. Unfortunately, as part of the sinking fund, France's tariff power had long since fallen into the hands of the anti-French alliance.

Tax evasion is impossible because it involves self-interest. The Vienna government keeps a close eye on the import of foreign agricultural products and industrial and commercial products. Even if someone wants to smuggle, they can only get the goods from their own home.

Against this background, the Holy Roman Empire lowered its grain exports to France, which was undoubtedly a fatal blow to the Paris government.

Once food imports are insufficient and a famine breaks out, the revolutionary government in Paris can be swallowed up in an instant.

"We have made so many efforts, but there is no effect at all?" After saying this, Baptiste closed his eyes. The facts are before our eyes. As long as a few countries in the alliance spoke for them, they would not be in this situation.

As a member of the republican faction, Baptiste had no way to compromise on the issue of restoration.

In fact, even if the revolutionary government in Paris is willing to compromise, there will be no results for a while.

It seems that the Republicans are in power, but in fact the majority of the government is royalists. If the three major royalist parties were not close in strength and restrained each other, there would be nothing to do with the Republicans at all.

Foreign Minister Fernandez waved his hand and said helplessly: "This is all the responsibility of the Bonaparte dynasty. Countries across Europe have been offended by them, making it difficult for us to carry out our current diplomatic work. If we want to change this situation, we must not It can be completed overnight. Unless the European revolutionary climax comes again, otherwise..." The Bonaparte dynasty offended many countries, and the Paris revolutionary government also offended many countries. Just the three words "revolutionary party" are enough to arouse strong dissatisfaction among everyone.

Revolution is also contagious. The European Continental Alliance is keen to promote the restoration of France, essentially to curb the spread of revolutionary ideas.

Baptiste interrupted: "Stop talking, now is not the time to export revolutionary ideas. Once we start exporting revolutionary ideas, the Russians outside Paris will probably come to our door immediately and guillotine us!

No! I'm scared, mainly because the power of the monarchy and feudal system is too strong now. We don't have the ability to collide with them in a short period of time, so there is no need to make fearless sacrifices." Prime Minister Michael warned: "Your Excellency, the President is right, and now it is true It is not appropriate to confront the enemy head-on.

The most important thing for us right now is to solve the refugee problem and unemployment problem. The refugee problem in particular has become a cancer that endangers national security.

Many local governments can no longer hold on. If we cannot take measures as soon as possible , they are going to lure refugees to Paris.

In fact, some places have already started to do so. I walked around Paris and the actual situation was ten times worse than we had expected.

The relief grain distributed by the government cannot fully cover the situation. Many places were in chaos, and I witnessed three robberies in one morning.

This is still Paris, and security in other parts of the country will only get worse. If we can't find a way to restore order as soon as possible, I'm afraid..." The problem is right in front of us, and everyone can see it. Unfortunately, everyone is confused about how to solve it. If it could be solved easily, France would not change governments frequently.

...

In the distance, a group of ragged people appeared on the horizon. They were men, women, old and young. It was obvious that this group of people who looked like an army of "beggars" had fled.

A middle-aged man at the head said breathlessly: "There is Paris ahead of us, and we will have bread to eat when we get there! " "Really? You won't let us eat grass roots and tree bark again! " The young man's immature face released a suspicious look, which made the middle-aged man very embarrassed.

"Of course it is true, this is Paris, our capital. The richest place in France, you can definitely find food! " In fact, the middle-aged men have no idea. Along the way, they have suffered so many blows that they are almost numb.

The residents along the way regard them as savage beasts, and the so-called local government relief only provides them with a piece of black bread every day. , or a potato. It's not enough for a meal, let alone a day. If they want to survive, they have to eat wild vegetables to satisfy their hunger. Unfortunately, there are too many refugees, and the wild vegetables are quickly eaten up, and in the end they can only eat bark , Grassroots to satisfy hunger.

The middle-aged man who did not want to sit still and wait for death, resolutely took his family to Paris, which has become their last hope. The middle-aged man's family was not the first to go to Paris, and they will not be the last to arrive in Paris. Since After the main force of the anti-French alliance withdrew, refugees from all over the country were pouring into Paris. The Russian military command post outside Paris was looking into the distance when General Yevgeny suddenly sighed.

"There are more and more refugees in Paris. I don't know if the French government can hold on. " Being concerned about the French government does not mean that he is pro-French. In fact, General Yevgeny is still a staunch anti-French party.

If you want to ask the reason, it is that his father and brother are fighting in Crimea. I saw God in it. The hatred of the country and the family were mixed together, which was why Yevgeny took the initiative to join the garrison.

Rather than caring about the French government, he was more concerned about the compensation that the French government had to pay. Don't look at what Russia could get in the first year There are only a few million Aegis, but for the tsarist government, this is also an important income. The fundamental purpose of the Russian army stationed in France is to ensure the normal performance of reparations. Once France falls into chaos, Admiral Yevgeny The mission will not be completed.

"Your Majesty Commander, you think too much. If the French government can't stand it, let another one take over. No matter who wins in the end, as long as they continue to pay their debts.

If you have this free time, you might as well find a way to buy some specialties back home and earn some pocket money.

I think the French have good machinery and equipment. If we find an opportunity to seize a few factories and get their equipment back, we can definitely make a lot of money.

When the time comes..." Before the middle-aged officer could finish his words, General Yevgeny interrupted: "Lieutenant General Andrei, if your brain is filled with water, go ahead and do it! Don't involve me in this kind of money-losing business.

It's hard to imagine how to use mechanical equipment. Do you know that domestic industrial standards are all Austrian standards? Who do you sell the French machinery to? " Industrial standards are a flaw. It doesn't matter whether domestic engineers can operate French machinery. The key is that the industrial chain is not connected. Raw material specifications, replacement of spare parts, and whether the product meets market standards, these issues need to be taken into consideration.

If we really want to move French machinery and equipment back home, we will have to move the entire industrial chain together. Obviously, this is impossible.

Relocation, installation, and production will not only take time, but also require a lot of capital investment. Changing the national industrial chain The funds needed were enough to bankrupt the tsarist government a hundred times.

It was impossible to relocate the industrial chain, and just some industrial equipment was almost the same as scrap iron. It would be a problem to dismantle machinery from Paris and sell scrap iron back home without compensation.

Of course, some of Low-tech industries with low demand for the industrial chain can still do this, but these industries are usually saturated.

Capitalists cannot replace the machinery and equipment in their own factories just because the equipment they snatched is cheaper. This does not suit them. interests.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 982: Gunshots in Paris

Just as the Russian commanders were discussing plans to make a fortune, the situation in Paris also completely collapsed. Faced with the continuous influx of refugees, the revolutionary government showed very little power.

The old order is broken and the new order is established. This period happens to be the time when people's hearts are at their most chaotic. If the revolutionary government in Paris is strong enough, it can also use thunderous means to shock people. Unfortunately, this is exactly what a revolutionary government does not possess.

There is no other way. Who said that the revolutionary government would not conquer the world? Not even a coup! It looked like an armed seizure of power, but in fact it was Napoleon IV who took the initiative to deliver it to them.

Even the revolutionary army, which was not even a ragtag group, could not be saved and was disbanded in the subsequent political struggle.

Nominally the government forces are under the command of the central government, but in fact this is not the case at all. Napoleon IV took the initiative to run away, and arrangements were made before the evacuation. The main generals in the army had long been replaced by direct descendants.

The Bonaparte dynasty was in exile. I don't know how loyal these officers were to the emperor. Anyway, they certainly didn't like the revolutionary government.

According to the normal rhythm, after the new government comes to power, it should slowly purge the Bonapartist elements in the army and then replace them with people of its own line.

Unfortunately, the revolutionary government in Paris did not have that time. The Anti-French Alliance invaded just after they came to power.

By the time the main Allied forces were withdrawn one after another, the revolutionary government's reputation was already ruined. At this time, it was too late to stabilize the morale of the army, let alone cleanse the army.

Without force in its hands, the revolutionary government will naturally not be able to become strong. A weak government can neither deter bureaucrats nor capitalists.

The government's relief order was in vain when it came to the people below. Even if it was barely implemented, most of the supplies would be wasted. Coupled with the capitalists taking advantage of the situation, the lives of ordinary people have become difficult, let alone refugees.

There is no harm without comparison. Although life was hard for everyone before the Paris Revolution, they could still get by. At least filling their stomachs was not a problem.

On the contrary, the situation took a turn for the worse after the success of the revolution. Not only was the powerful French Empire gone, but even filling one's stomach became a problem.

The people's support was gone, and a split occurred within the revolutionary party. Radicals led by the Socialist Party believed that the Paris government had betrayed the revolution by colluding with capitalists internally and selling out France's interests externally.

As the situation in Paris continued to deteriorate, calls for a second revolution became increasingly louder. More and more insightful people realize that the revolutionary government in Paris cannot save France, and want to overthrow the Paris government and establish an "ideal country" in their own minds.

...

Affected by the influx of refugees, Paris in the evening is the most terrifying. Theft, robbery, murder...all kinds of crimes are constantly taking place in this city. Not to mention ordinary people, even the police dare not go out alone on the streets.

In order to save on electricity bills, the city that once never slept is now completely dark. The night provides convenience for crime, but also for...

"Are you all ready?" "Don't worry, two hundred volunteers are already in place, and all one hundred and thirty-seven long and short guns have been distributed. We are just waiting for orders from the headquarters. Send it out, and we will launch an attack on the arsenal!" "The more times like this, the more careful and vigilant we must be. Recently, the reactionary government has not only expanded the police force, but also added a Public Security Inspection Bureau specifically to eliminate dissidents. .

If the news leaks out in advance, all efforts will be wasted. They are never merciless in dealing with opponents." "Dong dong dong, dong dong dong..." A knock on the door sounded, interrupting the conversation between the two. A young man responded casually: "Who is it? What are you knocking on in the middle of the night?" "Open the door and check!" The two looked at each other and realized what was about to happen. If the police had worked so hard, they would have been out on duty in the middle of the night, and the security in Paris would not have deteriorated so much.

"You're up in the middle of the night. Why are you checking? Do you have a search warrant from the court? Do you want to impersonate the police and break into a house?

Let me tell you, I've seen this trick too many times and it's useless! If you're smart, get out of here quickly. Otherwise, I'll let you taste the power of bullets!" As he said that, the young man took out his gun and deliberately made the sound of loading, and the atmosphere suddenly became tense.

The policeman who originally called the door lost his temper. He took two steps back and walked up to the sergeant leading the team. He suggested: "Sergeant, what should we do? The people inside regard us as robbers. Why don't we evacuate first and pick them up tomorrow?" Come back after you get a search warrant." In France, the owner of a private residence has the right to kill him directly. Even the police cannot enter a private residence without obtaining a search warrant from the court.

Although the situation has changed since the revolutionary government came to power, this is still the law. Even if the superiors will not hold them accountable, the staff below will still be deeply affected.

After all, your life is your own. If you are shot to death by the owner of the house, it won't be worth it.

The middle-aged police chief shook his head: "No, we received a tip that there are gangs of gangsters in this area, we must find them." " People inside, listen to me, the police are arresting serious criminals now, open the door immediately Get checked, or we will break in!" The two people in the room looked at each other, and saw the young man taking out a gong and drum from under the table, beating it and shouting loudly: "The robber pretended to be a policeman and robbed. Come out and help!" Under normal circumstances, ordinary people would naturally avoid the heavily armed "robbers", but this is an abnormal area.

On the surface, the workers' colony was actually a secret stronghold of the Socialist Party. In addition to the young men in charge of connections, there were also the main force of the uprising.

The sound of gongs and drums was the signal agreed upon by everyone. Regardless of whether there were real robbers or fake robbers outside, in short, the surrounding "residents" responded.

The sound of gongs and drums obviously angered the police outside. Chief James Lane, who was not aware of the danger, immediately ordered: "Bash the door. If anyone resists, shoot him to death on the spot!" The most valuable thing in troubled times is human life. Things that you wouldn't dare to do in peacetime become stress-free at this time.

"Bang, bang bang, bang bang bang..." As the police banged on the door, gunshots began to sound. In the dark night, the gas lamp in the hands of the police became the best reference, pointing the direction for the gunman.

Seeing people being shot and falling down one after another, Sheriff James Lane realized something was wrong and hurriedly shouted: "Quickly turn off the lights and lie down!" Obviously, it was too late to react at this time. The clarion call for the uprising was sounded in advance, and it has become a luxury to hope for it to stop. These dozen police officers who accidentally fell into the whirlpool of the uprising became the first batch of sacrifices.

Chaos is contagious, especially under the cover of darkness. No one knows the size of the rebel army, which intensifies the panic.

Like the previous Paris uprisings, in addition to people who were dissatisfied with the government who actively joined the rebel army, more people joined the rebel army in a daze.

Chaos, all of Paris is in chaos. There were shouts of killing everywhere, and except for children, everyone in the wealthy households was fully armed.

If you observe carefully, you will find that in the homes of some big nobles, even new weapons such as Maxim machine guns and mortars, which the French army did not have time to equip, have appeared.

I can only lament that the great nobles have strong connections. The European War has just ended, and they have obtained equipment from their original enemies.

If they weren't concerned about the impact, people like armored vehicles would probably be able to get their hands on them. After all, as soon as the anti-French war ended, the Vienna government launched an equipment sale. It's just that the object of the transaction is the country, not the individual.

In the presidential palace, Baptiste was like an ant on a hot pot, anxious.

Since taking office, he has been busy with everything, and it can be said that he has devoted his whole life to France. However, the situation continued to deteriorate, and finally reached the current stage.

Prime Minister Michael, who rushed over in a hurry, said directly without any hesitation: "Your Excellency, the military has refused to send troops to suppress the rebellion. The current crisis is such that the police alone may not be able to solve the problem.

To overcome the current crisis, the only way is to ask the city to The Russian troops outside have taken action." This was a difficult decision. During the period when the Anti-French Allied Forces were in charge of France, the Allies naturally had no problem suppressing the rebellion.

Now that the power has been transferred to the hands of the revolutionary government in Paris, if the Russians take action, they will ask "foreign troops to suppress domestic rebellions", which is completely different in nature.

Once it is done, the already notorious revolutionary government in Paris will become even more notorious. The label of "traitor" will probably never be taken off.

"Okay, I'll call the Russian troops abroad immediately!" At the critical moment, President Baptiste still showed a decisive side. No matter how serious the sequelae are, we have to get through this moment.

If the rebels become the climate, we don't know what will happen to others. Anyway, he, the president of the revolutionary government, will be dead.

...

Chaos broke out in Paris, and naturally it could not be concealed from the Russian troops outside the city. In order to control the situation in time, the Russian military headquarters is still brightly lit at this moment.

Many Russian generals, including General Yevgeny, are watching the situation develop and are preparing to choose a suitable entry point to intervene.

"Your Excellency, Commander, there is a telegram from the Allied Forces Headquarters!" After receiving the telegram and reading it carefully twice, General Yevgeny said helplessly: "Okay, now everyone can rest. No matter what the situation is in Paris tonight. The chaos has nothing to do with us." If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, General Yevgeny wouldn't have believed that the Allied headquarters would have issued an order not to interfere.

However, military orders are military orders. Now that the Allied Forces Headquarters has issued an order, regardless of whether it is reasonable or not, they have no choice but to comply.

Disobey?

General Yevgeny had not lived enough and did not want to jump out to challenge the authority of the Allied Command. At least before receiving the support of the Tsarist government, he did not intend to test the law.

Without much explanation, Yevgeny directly passed the telegram in his hand to everyone to read. Whether you understand it or not, you have to implement it anyway.

"Your Excellency, Commander, the phone number of the President of France." General Yevgeny frowned and said angrily: "Tell President Baptiste that I have gone to bed. I am not answering anyone's calls now. If anything happens tomorrow Say it again." Without thinking, Yevgeny also knew that the Frenchman's call was for help.

It is estimated that the situation in Paris has collapsed to the extreme at this moment, and the revolutionary government in Paris must rely on external forces to stabilize the situation. Originally this was a good opportunity to rip off, but now it has nothing to do with him.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 983 Prelude to the Restoration

The chaos in Paris is still continuing, and it is still unknown who will win and who will lose. Franz has already begun to worry about the candidate for the new King of France.

There is no doubt that the candidates must come from the three royal families. Except for these three families, no one else could calm down the scene.

The first to go out was the Bonaparte family. Although they had the most supporters in the army, who made Napoleon IV the leader of the French resistance movement?

Facts have proved that passing the blame is not an easy task. The political slogans are not just random. Napoleon IV was unwilling to bear the responsibility of betraying his country in defeat and launched the banner of "kill national traitors internally and defend sovereignty externally" , so he could only carry the banner of resistance to the end.

If they want to compromise, even if Napoleon IV is willing to change his stance, the Anti-French Alliance will not agree!

Although the Bonaparte dynasty did not rule France for a long time, except for the short-lived Napoleon II who did not cause trouble, the remaining three emperors were not fuel-efficient lamps.

The lessons of history are still vivid in our minds, and no one wants another anti-French war. In this context, the restless Bonaparte dynasty naturally became the first target to be excluded.

The scope has been reduced by one-third, but the difficulty of selection has not been reduced at all. Theoretically speaking, the Bourbon dynasty and the Orleans dynasty are similar, but the reality is that Franz must support orthodoxy, at least openly show support , which is determined by the position under his butt.

If the situation in France is calm, just pick a rubber stamp and put it on to stabilize the situation. Franz won't have a headache, just push a rubber stamp on it and it will be done.

It is a pity that the current French throne is a hot potato, and ordinary people will not be able to shout at it. Not to mention great talents and great strategies, at least he must be a master of internal struggles.

History did not tell him who among the two French royal families had this ability. They are all living in exile. It is estimated that the emperor's academic prowess has long since passed away. Unless you are gifted and self-taught, you won't be able to play at all.

Regardless of his identity, in Franz's opinion, Napoleon IV was the most suitable. Although he is a loser, he has a strong talent for internal fighting!

From pro-government and seizing power, to suppressing domestic revolution, to attacking domestic interest groups, and finally escaping from the war in time before defeat, this series of operations is enough to prove Napoleon IV's personal ability.

If he really had to switch positions, Franz didn't think he could do any better. After all, France's special situation gave Napoleon IV no chance to establish his prestige. Political struggles relied entirely on maneuvering.

Unfortunately, the most capable person happens to be the least suitable Lord.

Europe is a world that values ​​​​legality. The two dynasties of Bourbon and Orleans seem to have many members, but the number of people who are truly qualified to inherit the throne is in single digits. If you want to select a "qualified monarch " from these few people, the chances are really high. Too slim.

If the time is pushed forward twenty years, Franz can also push Henry V of the Bourbon dynasty. Yes, it was the Lord who gave up his throne because of a piece of "rag".

If nothing else, at least he is smart enough. After a simple test, he knew that the throne was a hot potato, so he decisively chose to give up.

Unfortunately, this wise Lord has already met God. What's even more tragic is that there are no descendants left, and the closest Bourbon bloodline is actually the Spanish royal family.

This does not mean that the Spanish royal family has a chance. During the restoration of the Spanish royal family, in order to gain the support of France, they made a deal with Napoleon III and voluntarily gave up the right to inherit the French throne.

Although the French orthodox believe that this announcement was made under the pressure of the Bonaparte dynasty and has no legal effect, other political factions do not agree!

The situation in the original time and space was tense. Both the Bourbon dynasty and the Orleans dynasty were eager to restore. The two major political factions reached a compromise and jointly supported Henry V.

The situation is different now. Smart people can see that if they cannot win the support of the Continental Alliance, the most cheerful revolutionary party will definitely be doomed. The Bonaparte dynasty was eliminated early again, leaving them alone to fight.

The Orleans faction insisted that the Spanish royal family had given up its right to inherit, and that the other heirs to the Bourbon dynasty were from distant branches and wanted to support Philip, Count of Paris, who wanted to establish the Orleans dynasty.

The French themselves were confused about the right to inherit the throne, and Franz was even more confused. The problem now is: you can't choose someone with talent; you can't choose someone with many supporters either.

"The Ministry of Foreign Affairs put pressure on the French to make the royalists reach a compromise as soon as possible and introduce a king. Otherwise, if the revolutionary party grows bigger, they will cry." If they can't be elected, then simply let the French play freely. Anyway, we have reached this stage now, no matter how bad it is, it can't be much worse.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg explained: "Your Majesty, I am afraid that the Revolutionary Party will not be able to scare them if they grow bigger. The Royalists have long been prepared, and now there are no less than 10,000 aristocratic private troops in Paris.

In addition, they control Without the army, even if all the republican armed forces were put together, they would not be their opponent, not to mention that the Revolutionary Party is still fighting among themselves." The fundamental reason for the strength of the Royalist Party is that the French people are not yet mentally prepared to accept the Republic. , the main reason is naturally "there is no worst, only worse".

With the current poor performance of the revolutionary government in Paris, even if all French people are supporters of the republic, they will now become royalists.

"The country does not belong to me. I will leave when I have made enough money. I will not care about the flood after I leave." In less than a year in power, the revolutionary government completed the transformation of revolutionaries into bureaucrats. The worse the situation gets, the harder it is for the bureaucrats to make money, because they know that if they don't work hard, they will have no chance.

The far-sighted people among the republicans launched a second revolution, but they were actually forced to do nothing. The revolutionary government in Paris is rotten, and the royalists may be restored at any time. It is too late to make improvements from within. They can only tear down and rebuild.

Thinking of the performance of the French royalists, Franz now only feels "tired." They are just like a bunch of pig teammates. Do you really think that being the King of France is easy and can withstand anyone?

The millions of refugees outside are still waiting for food, and the domestic economy is in collapse. The entire France is a powder keg that can explode with just a spark.

If the Anti-French Alliance had not detained a large number of prisoners of war, the flames of civil war would have risen long ago. Now a large group of people actually have the heart to fight for the heir.

"Hmph!" After a cold shout, Franz said fiercely: "Tell them that no matter what, they must establish an heir within this year, or else they will starve!" If it were another person, Franz would definitely not Play like this. Threatening others with food means forcing them to be self-reliant or to find new food exporting countries instead, no matter how high the cost is.

But France is different. If it weren't for the war, the food itself would be enough. Even if the territory shrinks, it will still not be a problem to feed the existing population.

This means that France is only a short-term customer. No matter whether food security is threatened or not, people will be self-sufficient in food in the future, so it will be offended.

If the royalists really don't know what they want, then they can provoke a civil war in France, let them fight in darkness, and then come out to clean up the mess.

...

Vienna is not the only one paying close attention to the situation in France. All countries in Europe are paying close attention to the situation in Paris. It was already very surprising that the Allies did not intervene immediately.

Although everyone does not think that the French can make a comeback at this time, once the revolutionary government in Paris falls, if the new government fails to fulfill the treaty, there may be another storm.

London, Downing Street.

Unlike in the past, this time the situation in Paris was turbulent, and the British government acted particularly coldly, as if it had nothing to do with them.

In fact, this is also true. Even if the British government wants to intervene now, it doesn't know who it should support and who it can support.

To put it bluntly, even if they were willing to provide help, the French would not dare to ask for it. The Allied forces were stationed just outside Paris. Whoever hooked up with the British would be the first to die.

Being unable to intervene does not mean that you are unprepared. The government-in-exile led by Napoleon IV is now the biggest pawn in the hands of the British government. It's just that this chess piece is too smart, and simple deception won't work at all.

You know, Napoleon IV was also a master with successful restoration experience, and he successfully put out a great revolution that year. If all the Allied forces had not evacuated, he would have fought back long ago. The revolutionaries alone could not stop him.

Prime Minister Gladstone: "The Bonaparte dynasty shows no signs of action. Napoleon IV is more calm than we thought.

Now it depends on whether the revolutionaries are brave enough. If the second revolution succeeds and causes heavy losses, If we defeat the royalists in the country, then we still have a chance." The Anti-French Alliance did not like the Bonaparte dynasty, but they did not like the republican government even more. If the situation really gets out of control and the Bonaparte dynasty wants to be restored, everyone will have to hold their noses and admit it. This is how Napoleon III was restored.

Once the Bonaparte dynasty was restored, Britain's nails on the European continent were again planted. Although it will not work in the short term, national competition is not about one day, but decades or even centuries.

"Prime Minister, I think it's best to shelve this issue for now. Vienna is putting pressure on the royalists, asking them to reach a compromise as soon as possible to determine the candidate for the king. Although the French royalists are divided into three, they have interests when facing the republicans. It is still unanimous. Once a compromise is reached with the help of Vienna, the Bonaparte dynasty will have no chance.

In this context, it is not suitable for me to take the lead in advance. If I make a mistake in judgment, the already bad Anglo-French relations will change. It becomes even more irreconcilable." It's not that George is making a fuss, the main reason is that France is the most likely to be anti-Austrian on the European continent, or in other words, France is the only country that is anti-Austrian.

The remaining countries, not to mention their strength, do not have enough "motivations" to oppose Austria. There is no hatred to support it, and there is no big enough conflict of interest. Who is going to fight against the overlord after being full for no reason?

Repairing relations between Britain and France is almost the first and most important step for Britain to return to Europe. If you are on the wrong side when it comes to inheriting the throne, you won't be able to take the first step for decades.

"Now is indeed not the time to mix things up. But just because you can't interfere openly doesn't mean you can't operate secretly.

There are a lot of people in France who are unhappy with Vienna. They first sent people to contact them secretly and selected some of them for investment. It was purely a casual step. Chess.

As long as the seeds of hatred continue, sooner or later they will take root and sprout. Maybe at some point, they will be able to play a key role." Deep down, Gladstone didn't want to bother like this. But there is no way, Britain needs to protect itself.

Seeing the Holy Roman Empire at its peak, the empire's life was not easy even if the sun never set. If the layout is not carried out, "the sun will set" will happen.

Although this kind of thing is a trouble for the next term, or the next term, or even the next...trouble for the next term; but as a qualified prime minister, Gladstone still wants to extend Britain's hegemony longer. .

(End of chapter)


Chapter 984 Seeing the Guillotine Again

The biggest feature of the French Revolution was that it was fast enough. Once an uprising is launched, it will either succeed or fail immediately. There is no protracted war.

This time was no exception. As soon as the European countries received the news, the vigorous second revolution came to an end.

Without any surprise, the revolutionary government in Paris, which had long lost its support, withdrew from the stage of history, and the radicals seized power.

As the leader of this revolution, Daniel is giving guidance with high spirits at the moment. He does have reason to be proud, having taken control of a country at the age of less than thirty years old.

"Mr. Daniel, we caught that traitor Robert, when do you think he will be executed?

" The revolutionary government in Paris collapsed, and the politicians who realized the danger were long gone. The revolutionaries are all professionals in this regard, except for the unlucky guy who is late-minded - Robert.

As the scapegoat promoted by everyone, Robert did one thing during his presidency, which was to go to Vienna to sign an armistice treaty.

As soon as the treaty came into effect, the political life of the hapless president was over. Having been branded a traitor and losing his position as president, Robert was naturally left in the cold, and even the news was not well-informed.

Not only did all the high-level government officials escape successfully, but he was the only unlucky guy who found out later and fell into the hands of the new government.

"Andrew, don't be anxious. The people are in our hands and they can't run away.

In any case, Robert was once the president of France and the revolutionary father who overthrew the Bonaparte dynasty. He still needs to have the necessary respect.

Send someone strictly first. Watch him and don't let him have any accidents. After the public trial, send him on his way." Others don't know why Robert, a revolutionary hero, suddenly turned into a traitor, but Danielle, one of the participants, knows it all.

But you know, you know, people still have to be killed. Summarizing the lessons from the failures of previous revolutions, Daniel came to the conclusion that revolution must bleed.

The absence of bloodshed is not enough to make people angry, and the absence of bloodshed is not enough to shock people's hearts. A big shot like Robert with a notorious reputation is the perfect person to establish his authority.

It's the same killing, but different killing methods have completely different effects. Although the radicals would be happy to kill Robert directly, it would not shock people's hearts.

The situation in Paris is very complicated. As the leader of the Second Revolution, Daniel knows very well what kind of revolutionary army it is. If it cannot deter the nobles in the city, the nascent Second Revolution regime may be overthrown at any time.

In fact, the weight of Robert, the former president, is still a little lighter, and the final object of establishing power is to pull out a few big nobles and wipe them out.

However, Daniel could only think about this kind of thing at most. Not to mention whether the Russian troops stationed outside the city would interfere, the private armies of the nobles alone were a tough nut to crack.

If a fight really breaks out, they may not be able to establish their authority, but they may bury themselves first.

...

March 11, 1893, was a sunny day. The golden sunshine shone on the earth, illuminating the new buds of the grass, and the whole world was full of vitality.

The Palace of Versailles Square is already bustling with people. French people coming from all directions are anxiously waiting for the execution of the traitor - President Robert.

Looking at the scene in front of him, General Yevgeny, who was watching the excitement, shook his head and thought to himself: "The guillotine is already online, but I don't know if it is the one used to execute Louis XVI. Time has passed too long. , I experienced a restoration in the middle, so it must not be the case." Presidents are different from monarchs. This thing itself was not popular in the monarchy era. No matter how the French killed them, the international community would not have any objections. Yevgeny entered Will naturally not mind watching the excitement.

As the wheels squeaked, everyone's eyes were focused on the situation. The French soldiers who had been prepared quickly took action and forcibly separated a road among the crowd for the prison car to pass.

Rotten vegetable leaves and rotten eggs naturally do not exist. The French people are so hungry that they are about to eat dirt. How can they waste precious food on a "traitor" who is about to be guillotined?

Without rotten leaves or rotten eggs, Robert still did not escape the hidden weapon attack. A group of unruly people still threw out the "hidden weapons" they had prepared long ago.

Because of the distance, Yevgeny couldn't see clearly what it was, but it couldn't be anything good.

I don't know whether it was intentional or poor accuracy. As the protagonist, Robert was not hit many times. On the contrary, the people and soldiers on both sides were even more unlucky.

If the escorting officers had not given timely orders to stop it, it is estimated that a "civil war" among the people might have broken out among the onlookers.

As the supreme commander of the Allied forces in Paris, General Yevgeny naturally knew what was going on. Paris has not been peaceful recently. After the success of the second revolution, the new government immediately launched a major purge of Paris.

Countless people were executed every day, either for crimes, politics, or bad luck. In short, the atmosphere in Paris was very tense.

Sometimes Yevgeny even suspected that the new government was deliberately using political struggle to reduce the population in order to survive the food crisis in order to reduce food consumption.

This is not a random idea. Although the war was over, there was still not much food flowing into France. Especially after the Vienna government cut grain exports to France, the food crisis in Paris became even more serious.

Preliminary estimates show that France's grain gap in 1893 would be as high as 6 million tons. About 3.2 million tons could be solved through imports and smuggling, leaving a gap of 2.8 million tons that could not be filled.

Theoretically speaking, given this small food shortage, if the whole population tightens their belts, for example by reducing livestock and pets, and stopping extravagance and waste, the crisis will be almost over.

However, the reality is very cruel. The rich still live in luxury and luxury, and occupy a large amount of food, exacerbating the food crisis. Only the common people at the bottom are hungry.

At present, the French government wants to survive the crisis on its own. In addition to asking the nobles, farmers, and capitalists to hand over the excess food in their hands, the only way is to reduce the population.

Yevgeny admitted that he was thinking too darkly. According to the current situation in France, if the crisis were to be overcome by reducing the population, not only 8,000 people would die, but millions of people would die.

If the crisis hadn't been serious, the French government probably wouldn't have carried out such an extreme internal purge. It seems that they are eliminating dissidents, but in fact they are working hard to survive the crisis.

At least the grain merchants who were hoarding money in Paris were put off, and the confiscated grain was used to relieve refugees.

Compared with the previous revolutionary government, the current French government has obviously done a better job. Through a series of means, order in Paris was restored in the shortest possible time.

Throughout the execution process, President Robert did not speak a word from beginning to end, which disappointed General Yevgeny who wanted to watch the fun.

It was obvious that this was a performance. As for the unlucky Robert who was sent to the guillotine, he had been tampered with for a long time and didn't even have a chance to complain.

Putting down the telescope in his hand, Yevgeny said: "Let's go, Andrew. There is no excitement to watch now!" Lieutenant General Andrew on the side shook his head: "Your Excellency, Commander, to be precise, there should be excitement, but let's see Not anymore.

The new French government is playing such a big game, and the French nobles may not be able to sleep tonight. If they continue to let it go like this, the butcher's knife may fall on them one day. You must know that this has a history. The French Revolutionary Party has chopped off the king's head and killed many nobles. Now they cannot help but associate this scene. Next,

it is time to see how the two sides fight. It is a pity that the Allies prohibit us from intervening, otherwise there would be no way There are so many bad things happening now that make us..." Yevgeny interrupted: "Okay, Andrew! These issues are what politicians worry about, and you and I are both soldiers and should not get involved too much.

Besides, Dani El is not a simple thing. Being able to restore order in such a short period of time and temporarily frighten the nobles in the city is definitely a difficult master to deal with. If we really send troops to intervene, it will not be easy." Defeating the revolutionary army is easy, The problem is what to do after defeating the revolutionary army.

Admiral Yevgeny is not bragging. If the Russian army were to sweep through the city of Paris, the French would not only worry about the current food problem, but also consider whether it is necessary to move the capital.

In order to improve military discipline in the Russian army, General Yevgeny has been working hard since he took office. For example: vigorously developing the side business of smuggling, the money earned not only increases the income of officers, but also subsidizes the food of Russian soldiers.

This is the fault of the Tsarist government. The logistics supplies are the same as those of the local Russian army. What do the "Russian officers and soldiers stationed in Paris" who are used to seeing big scenes think?

We can't let them, as the army of the victorious country, be treated less well than the French soldiers of the defeated country, right?

Dissatisfaction is dissatisfaction. The loyalty of the gray animals cannot be doubted. As long as they can fill their stomachs, there will basically be no major problems.

It doesn't matter if you can't make a fortune from military pay. Russian officers and soldiers are best at making enough food and clothing by themselves. Paris is so rich, even after the war, there is a lot of oil and water, just make some money...

The Allied Command prohibits the Russian army from intervening. In addition to putting pressure on the French nobles, it is also worried that the Russian army will lose control after entering the city. , turning Paris into a hell on earth.

If it really gets to that point, let alone war reparations, no one knows when the situation in France will be stabilized.

Everything has two sides, and there are disadvantages as well as advantages. Although the Russian military is not easy to use, it is a powerful deterrent!

Clearly tell the French that there is a powerful time bomb next to you. As long as you press the remote control, Paris will become a ruin.

As for the consequences?

The worst thing is that war reparations cannot be collected, and the Allied forces stationed in France suffer heavy losses. These can scare most countries in the Anti-French Alliance, but they cannot scare the mastermind behind the scenes - Emperor Franz the Great.

As long as the current economic difficulties of a few years have passed, war reparations will be dispensable to the Holy Roman Empire; not to mention the losses of the Allied forces, it is not that their own army has no reason to feel distressed at all.

It is not cut down now because leaving this "Sword of Damocles" would do more good than harm to the Holy Roman Empire.

Not only can the Allied forces be used to limit the development of the French; it can also use the interests of France to unite the anti-French alliance countries and consolidate the position of the Holy Ra Empire in the European Alliance; by the way, it also gives the Russians the confidence to go south to India.

...

The Presidential Palace in Paris was renovated from the former French Prime Minister's Palace. I don't know if it is cursed. Everyone who stays here has to say goodbye to their comfortable life.

None of the seventeen consecutive French presidents could stay for a full month, and the worst one was directly guillotined.

Daniel's arrival has undoubtedly broken this record. It is now the 34th day of his stay, but the final outcome is still unknown.

Smoking a cigar of unknown origin, President Daniel looked at his close associates and asked: "Buck, what is the reaction of those noble gentlemen now?" " The nobles are stepping up their efforts to connect, the Orthodox, Orleans, The top Bonapartists held a secret meeting secretly. Our people were not well-identified enough and were not able to learn the content of their conversations.

Judging from the current situation, they should not have reached an agreement, otherwise they would not be so quiet." The Second Revolution The success still failed to change the situation of nobles controlling the army. Once the three major royalist parties reach an agreement, Paris may change at any time.

Daniel nodded: "Inform our people not to provoke these nobles for the time being. As long as they don't move, we shouldn't move in a hurry.

The most important thing now is to step up the penetration of the military. If we do not control the military, our revolutionary cause will not be stable.

At the same time, don't forget to collect the prisoners of war released by the Allies. Even though these people lost the battle and became prisoners, that was not their responsibility.

Once armed, they are still the most capable army in France. The current domestic regular army used to be second- and third-line troops and cannot be compared with these elites at all. " People are good at learning. With the lessons learned from the previous revolutionary government in Paris, Daniel realized the importance of the army early on.

"Soldiers do not interfere in politics and must remain neutral in domestic political struggles." Such nonsense , Daniel never believed it.

If it were not for the control of the national army and a group of private armies, how could the three major royalist parties have their current status?

Once the royalist parties reached an agreement, the originally neutral French army The party will immediately tear up the pretense and support the restoration of the new king.

With the example of Napoleon III, the royalists only need to copy it once. Even now, it is not so troublesome. The united royalists are far stronger than Napoleon III. , just a coup can be achieved in one step.

… (End of this chapter)


Chapter 985: The eager fisherman

"Launch!" "Change the formation!" ...

A sea battle that attracted worldwide attention began in the Philippine Sea. The billowing smoke could be clearly seen dozens of miles away.

With a loud "boom", the "Naniwa" rushed forward and unfortunately became the first victim. The sound of rushing water began to sound from the stern of the ship, kicking off the sinking.

An officer cried: "Captain, the warship is seriously damaged and cannot be rescued. The ship is going to sink!" When the enemy's battleship main gun hit the battlefield just after it entered the battlefield, the "Naniwa" possessed by the god of mold naturally had to cool down. . As a thin-skinned cruiser, the "Naniwa" obviously shouldered a burden that it should not have to bear.

As the captain, Togo Heihachiro was on the verge of tears at this moment. Who knew that the Spaniards on the opposite side left the battleships alone and came to bully their "little bean"!

"Shut up and order the troops to continue firing. As long as the ship has not sunk, the bombardment cannot stop!" The severely The damaged warship could not withstand the torment. The more it insisted on firing, the faster the warship sank.

Togo Heihachiro naturally knew such a simple truth. But there is no way, this is the location of the battlefield Naniwa, even if you want to withdraw from the battlefield, it is too late.

Anyway, the "Naniwa" can't be saved, so it's better to take the opportunity to fire a few shots, and maybe take away an enemy warship to be buried with it.

As for stopping losses in time and abandoning warships and jumping into the sea to escape, such things are very common in European countries, but this is not feasible in Japan.

The honor of the military determines that they cannot do this. If they abandon the ship and escape at this time, they will not be able to raise their heads and behave as human beings for the rest of their lives.

The officers and soldiers of the "Naniwa" chose to fight to the end. As the commander of the main fleet, Admiral Ito Yuhiro couldn't sit idly by. The navy is not the army's horse manure. You can have as much as you want. It is very difficult to train a qualified naval soldier. Costly.

"Naniwa" was doomed, but the hundreds of officers and soldiers on the warship couldn't just give up.

Now we are in a decisive battle with the Spaniards. It is not known how many warships will be sunk later. If they all coexist with the warships, it is unknown how much the Japanese navy will be left after this battle.

"The order continues. If the warship is seriously damaged and cannot be rescued, all officers and soldiers must abandon the ship and escape. Heihachiro Togo is ordered to execute the order immediately." The order continues.

small episode did not affect the unfolding of the decisive battle. The key to determining the outcome of this war was the decisive battle of the battleship. When the thin-skinned cruiser comes up, it will contribute to the enemy's success.

The sinking of the "Naniwa" was not the end, but a beginning. Immediately afterwards, the "Fuso" followed in the footsteps and began its sinking.

Watching all this happening, Ito Yuheng was helpless. He wouldn't do it if possible. But the reality is cruel. The Japanese army only has two pre-dreadnoughts, while the enemy has three pre-dreadnoughts.

There is no other way. In order to rush for time, the Japanese government can only buy the British Far East Fleet. This fleet is invincible in the Far East, but in essence it can only be regarded as second-rate.

The most advanced warships are all occupied by the local fleet. The Far East Fleet's turn is all older warships, and even there are only two "pre-dreadnoughts".

There is an obvious gap in performance between the old British warships from more than ten years ago and the new French warships that have just been in service for three or four years. In addition, the Japanese army was forced to go to the battlefield just a few days after getting it. They were not skilled enough to operate it, and they suffered even more losses in the fight.

The Japanese Navy's current advantage has been concentrated in quantity. The original warships + the purchased British Far East Fleet, both in terms of number of warships and total tonnage, far exceed the Spanish expeditionary fleet.

"Quality is not enough, quantity must be made up." The principle that ants kill an elephant also applies to the navy, but the price paid is a bit higher.

This has been proven now. The ordinary warships sent to entangle the Spanish battleships are currently performing the most tragic scene.

The roaring gunfire continued. No matter how tragic the battlefield was, no Japanese warship chose to retreat. On the contrary, several Spanish warships withdrew from the battlefield after being damaged.

On the observation ship in the distance, Governor Chandler, who was on the front line in person, was looking at the battlefield with a telescope, and there was a clerk beside him who was constantly recording on paper with a pen.

A similar situation is happening not far away. Everything that happened on the battlefield was valuable experience, which was crucial for the Holy Roman Empire's navy, which lacked experience in naval warfare.

Governor Chandler, who was born in the navy, has long been aware of this clearly. At present, the observation ships of the Shinra Navy have been distributed in all directions on the battlefield, and hundreds of officers are observing the battlefield from all directions and collecting data.

If you observe carefully, you can also find dozens of airships in the sky, also looking down, flying at a height of only a few hundred meters. If the artillery fire wasn't too loud, you might even be able to hear the "click" sound of the camera.

These actions of ignoring both warring parties naturally aroused dissatisfaction between the Japanese and Spanish navies below, and then the two navies unanimously decided to ignore the existence of these annoying ghosts.

"Your Majesty the Governor, it's time for dinner." The attendant's voice woke up Governor Chandler from his "hobby". There is no doubt that collecting data is not his job. Leaving the Governor's Mansion to join in the fun is obviously beyond the scope of his work.

However, Austrian Nanyang has always been calm. There are no serious threats and there is no place for expansion. There is not much work for the governor.

It makes sense to patrol the sea in your spare time. As for whether the Philippine Sea counts as the Holy Roman Empire's sphere of influence, this question only needs to be settled by Governor Chandler himself.

Just find a small island or a rock, plant a flag, and start a boat to enclose the land. That's it.

If anyone has any objections, he or she can argue with the Shinra Ministry of Foreign Affairs or have friendly discussions with the Shinra Navy.

Looking at the watch on his hand, Chandler nodded: "It's indeed time, let's start dinner! Let the boys take turns to eat, and every scene on the battlefield must be recorded." This is how experience in naval battles is accumulated Although it is not as effective as going to the battlefield in person, you can still accumulate valuable experience through observation.

Not far away, a bearded officer in his fifties or sixties joked: "Our great governor, has his memory deteriorated due to his age, and he has even forgotten about group rotations?" "That's enough, Ares. Don't forget it. You are one day older than me. If your memory deteriorates in old age, you will be the first to come." "It's not a day older, it's fifteen minutes! Even this can be mistaken. It turns out that my memory has deteriorated. It's right when you think about it. , I often travel around the world, unlike you who stay in the gentle village every day, surrounded by a bunch of flatterers, so it is understandable that my memory declines quickly." "It's a day after midnight, so don't quibble. Also. Have any of your eyes seen me staying in Gentle Township? Who doesn't know that I hate flatterers the most, and they don't know who sent you here." " Idiot, of course it's me. Has it been that the governor has been in office for a long time? I can't even figure out the division of powers within the navy..." ...

Everyone has long been accustomed to the quarrel between the two. He was a childhood friend and a comrade-in-arms, and he also reached a high position at the same time. He was a legend in the Holy Roman Empire.

It's just that the two protagonists in "Legend" seemed to be innately conflicting. When they were at home, they were fine, and they had to pay attention to aristocratic etiquette and there was no conflict. But when they went overseas, they didn't have so many scruples, and the two of them showed their true colors, and they almost started fighting each other when they met. superior.

The two of them quarreled, but it didn't affect their relationship. If anyone tried to break up the fight, they would definitely get punched by both of them.

"Don't talk about useless things. Have you noticed that the performance of the Japanese navy is completely two extremes. Some warships are completely excellent, and some warships are just messing around." Governor Chandler smiled slightly: "You This is simply a lack of understanding of the situation. You must know that half a year ago, the total tonnage of the Japanese Navy was only more than 30,000 tons, and now it has suddenly expanded to nearly 100,000 tons. The modernization process of the Japanese Navy has taken less than 20 years since its inception. , where can they find so many qualified officers in such a short time?

In order to operate this huge fleet, the Japanese government not only recruited retired naval officers and soldiers, but also recruited teachers and students from the naval school. It is said that They also recruited some sailors from the private sector to make up the number.

Do you think Ito Yuheng is stupid for daring to bring such a fleet out for a decisive battle?" Ares shook his head: "On the contrary, I think Ito Yuheng's choice is very smart. . In peacetime, we can naturally train the officers and soldiers before considering the decisive battle with the enemy. The current situation is very obvious. The Spaniards have already arrived, and it is impossible to leave them time to train the army.

There is no way to avoid fighting at this time. Not only will the army on the island be put into a passive position, but the morale and morale that the Japanese navy has finally accumulated will be lost in one fell swoop.

Anyway, they have so many warships that the Spaniards cannot take a bite of them. The newly recruited Although the officers and soldiers are unqualified, most of them are from the navy. The biggest problem now is that they are not familiar with warships. They will adapt after one battle. This is more effective than the usual training of half a year. Just look at the battlefield chosen by the Japanese. It is far from Lu Song Dao is only forty nautical miles away, so even if they lose the battle, they can withdraw the main force. The current situation is very good. Although the losses of the Japanese army are a bit greater, the losses of the Spaniards are not small. Don't look at them The number of sunk warships was not many, but there were many injuries.

After the battle, most of the Spanish warships will need to be repaired, and it will be difficult to regain combat effectiveness in the next two months.

If it were not for our help, even if they won In the first battle, the Spanish will also lose the war because they cannot keep up with the maintenance.

Now, the final outcome is undecided. It mainly depends on what the country wants and how much support the British have for the Japanese government." "You analyze it. Yes, one side is working on an expedition while the other side is fighting at home. Time is on the side of the Japanese. The Philippine Islands are richer than many people imagine. Since the 16th century, it has been a transit point for trade, with tens of thousands of tons of silver , thousands of tons of gold, as well as certain spices, tea, silk, and porcelain flowed into Europe from here.

In addition, the Philippine Islands themselves are also very rich in resources. Whether it is agricultural resources or gold and silver minerals, everything There is no shortage. In terms of value, it will not be much lower than the entire Nanyang Viceroyalty.

Spain has been operating here for more than 300 years, and the bureaucrats have taken root here for more than 300 years. Except for some that flowed back to Europe, the rest All of them stayed here.

The Japanese made a lot of money this time, otherwise they would not have the money to buy warships from the British. The directly plundered property will be skipped first. The Japanese government itself cannot figure out what it is. .

Looking at the benefits at a glance, after occupying the Philippine Islands, the food crisis in Japan was solved, and the shortage of coal, copper and iron ore was also solved.

With these things alone, Japan can save tens of millions of Aegis in foreign exchange expenses every year. If managed well, the revenue from the Philippine Islands alone can equal half of Japan's fiscal revenue.

In a sense, the Japanese are now fighting Spain with Spanish money.

Given the poor financial situation of the Spanish government and its rotten bureaucracy, if it continues to struggle like this, the Spanish will probably be the first to be unable to survive. " Governor Chandler couldn't help drooling after the conversation. There is no way, the Philippine Islands are so rich, except for the Java Island in the hands of the Dutch, there is no place in Southeast Asia that can compare with it.

As a It is impossible for a qualified colonist not to be tempted when encountering such a rich place. From the analysis, it can be heard that even the resources of the Philippine Islands are clear, and he is obviously well prepared. In the past, in the hands of the Spanish, Due to political influence, Governor Chandler had no way to take action. Now there is finally a glimmer of light.

As long as the Spanish are defeated and give up their ownership of the Philippine Islands, the Nanyang Viceroyalty will have the opportunity to obtain the Philippine Islands. After all, there was no political pressure to rob the Japanese.

Not only Governor Chandler's idea, but also the colonists in the entire Nanyang Governorate were anxiously waiting for this to happen.

If it hadn't been for the order from the Vienna government, the Spaniards would not even have been able to obtain logistical supplies, not to mention using the shipyard for repairs.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 986: All Winners VS No Winners

As time passed, the war became more and more intense. The smile on Admiral Valkenhayn's face no longer existed, replaced by a sad look.

The battle started at ten o'clock in the morning and lasted until five o'clock in the afternoon. It was enough to make my stomach growl because of hunger. The key was that the enemy would not retreat until the end.

Due to insufficient training and impressive hit rate, while fighting, the Japanese continued to close the fighting distance in an attempt to engage them in close combat.

After the warship suffered heavy damage, the Japanese's first reaction was not to leave the battlefield, but to accelerate forward, hoping to "bump" into it and die together.

The Japanese are crazy, but the officers and soldiers of the Spanish fleet are still normal people. After the warship suffered heavy damage, it immediately chose to leave the battlefield.

Logically speaking, these severely damaged warships could no longer pose a threat, but the Japanese still persisted.

The battleship is about to fight decisively and has no time to beat up the drowned dog, but the sailing battleship that stays behind to watch the excitement can.

Once the Spanish warships left the battlefield, the cannon fodder of the Japanese sailing fleet swarmed up. Originally, the artillery power of the sailing battleship was limited and could not deal with the ironclad, but this did not include the injured ironclad.

The Japanese were willing to sacrifice human lives and sacrifice several sail warships, but they could always take away a seriously injured ironclad ship.

In addition to these normal attacks, the Japanese army also has a suicide attack ship, which is filled with explosives and detonates when it rushes up. This forced them to allocate their firepower to deal with these small boats.

This method of exchanging lives for lives can be said to be the original creation of the Japanese Navy. Before this, not to mention having encountered it, I had never even heard of it.

Encountering such a group of lunatics would give normal people a headache. Admiral Valkenhein was no exception. The original contempt had long since disappeared, and now only deep fear remained.

"Report, the battleship Madrid was hit by a bomb, the ship is leaking, and it is under repair. The captain, Major General Alfondas, was killed in action, and now Colonel Winterger is taking over the command!" Another bad news came , and Valkenhein's heart sank. His face was still cold and he said: "I know!" At this moment, both sides are fighting for resilience. The Spanish fleet suffered heavy losses, and the Japanese fleet opposite suffered even more casualties.

The gap in the quality of warships and the gap in the quality of officers and soldiers, if only relying on quantity to make up for it, is destined to lead to bloodshed.

For the Spanish fleet, the most important thing at the moment is to defeat the enemy's madness, otherwise the subsequent war will be a disaster.

...

There was a loud "boom", and the "Tokyo" that was unfortunately hit by the bomb shook violently. General Ito Yuhiro, who was directing the battle, sat down on the ground.

Ignoring the pain of being thrown, Ito Yuhiro hurriedly ordered: "Send someone to repair the warship quickly!" Soon, a young officer ran over in panic: "Your Excellency, Commander, the Tokyo is seriously damaged and must be repaired." Bring it back to the shipyard for repairs immediately, otherwise it will be dangerous." There is no way, the British thin-skinned warships are just careless. After a few hits, it was seriously damaged. In comparison, the warships built by the French opposite were much more resistant to beatings.

Of course, this is directly related to the construction time. The "Tokyo" was born more than ten years earlier than the "Madrid" opposite. If it could not be surpassed in performance, the French would not have the ability to challenge Britain's maritime hegemony.

After receiving this bad news, General Ito Yuhiro, who had always been calm and calm, could not hold back his anger. He could accept the sinking of other warships. But the "Tokyo" is different. It is not only the flagship of the Japanese Navy, but also their only two "pre-dreadnoughts".

Affected by the butterfly effect, the development speed of the navy has been accelerated by more than ten years, but it is the old-school powers that have benefited the most. For emerging countries like Japan, the gap is even wider.

It was not easy to buy two second-hand "pre-dreadnoughts" from the British. If they are gone now, it will be difficult to replenish them.

"Pull it back, do you mean that the power system of the Tokyo is damaged and it cannot be driven back?" The young officer explained: "Yes, from the beginning of the battle to now, the Tokyo has been hit by the enemy seven times. The power system has collapsed." Looking at the battlefield, Yuhiro Ito shook his head: "The Tokyo cannot be evacuated now, nor can it be evacuated. Unless we persist until dark, the enemy will not let us leave." Originally, I chose this The battlefield is just because it is close to the port, making it easier to escape after defeat. Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly, and the desperate Japanese fleet was evenly matched with the enemy.

"Heavy casualties" is not a problem at all for Ito Yuhiro. As long as we can win this war, no matter how big the loss is, it is worth it.

You must know that this war is not only a war for the sake of war, but also a war for the great powers.

The observation ships staying in the distance are not only from the Holy Roman Empire, but more than a dozen countries including Britain, the United States, Russia, the Netherlands, and the Qing Dynasty have sent observation ships. The performance of the Japanese navy at this moment will directly determine the subsequent stance of various countries towards them.

Otherwise, Ito Yuheng would have been able to muster so much strength to fight the Spaniards after he was full. Wouldn't it be nice to put part of the Spanish army ashore and let the army's horse dung also make a contribution?

From the beginning, Ito Yuhiro's purpose was to leave the impression of "daring to fight" and "madman" to other countries. Only in this way can he deter the major powers and dispel their interest in the Philippine Islands.

Otherwise, with Japan's current strength, even if it defeats the Spanish, it will not be able to save the Philippine Islands.

The effect is indeed very obvious. Governor Chandler, who is watching the battle, has decided to modify the strategic plan to capture the Philippines. Before gaining local support, he was not prepared to risk the Nanyang Fleet.

The British, who originally had doubts about the Japanese's combat effectiveness and were still hesitant to support them, will probably make up their minds after this war.

… The weather gradually darkened, and under the cover of darkness, both warring parties withdrew from the battlefield. With the end of the naval battle, telegrams also flew from Nanyang to all over the world.

At the Palace of Vienna, Franz felt an indescribable sense of relief when he saw the result of the first ironclad battle in human history.

Who won between Japan and Spain?

It is estimated that no one can give an accurate answer to this question. Judging from the number of casualties and sunken warships alone, the Spanish fleet is the clear winner; however, from the overall strategic point of view, the Japanese Navy is the winner of this naval battle.

To break the myth of white people's invincibility, with such great achievements, no matter how big the loss is, it is acceptable.

"The naval battle has come to an end for the time being. According to the information sent by the Governor of Nanyang, the navies of Japan and Spain have been seriously damaged, and there should be no more wars in a short time.

Next is the time for the army to perform. How is the combat effectiveness of the Spanish army? Do you have the ability to seize the Philippine Islands from the Japanese?" The coastline of the Philippine Islands is very long. Without defeating the Spanish expeditionary fleet, the Japanese navy would not be able to fully defend it.

Given the poor relationship between the Japanese army and navy, maybe the navy is still happy to see the army's jokes. If the army is defeated and they come out to clean up the mess, it will be even more perfect.

"We have not had an in-depth understanding of the combat effectiveness of the Japanese Army. However, judging from their military expenditure, the combat effectiveness should not be too strong. The Spanish Army's combat effectiveness is very average. Judging from their performance in the anti-French war, even It can be said to be very bad. Like their international status, they are definitely at the bottom among the great powers.

However, they should still be stronger than the Japanese army. With equal strength, I am more optimistic about the Spanish." It's not that Feslav looks down on Japan and Spain. After Central entered the second industrial revolution, the factors that determined the absolute military combat effectiveness have changed. To use the most popular saying nowadays, "a strong army is fed by military spending." To be honest, the Japanese army's bloody courage is indeed powerful, but in the face of the torrent of steel, this thing is useless.

Not to mention the Spanish Army. If it had not become the winner of the Anti-French Alliance, the Spanish Army would not have completed the change of equipment.

If they had the same backward equipment, the Spanish cowboys really wouldn't have much advantage over the Japanese army. Although the equipment is updated now, the Japanese are closer to the mainland!

With Spain's national strength, it can't afford to play the torrent of steel in its own country, let alone the Philippine Islands.

The biggest advantage of the Spaniards now is probably that all army equipment and ammunition are trophies, which saves some military expenses.

"The Ministry of Foreign Affairs pays close attention to the internal situation in Spain and cannot let this war affect the peace and stability of the European continent!" There is no doubt that Franz is not optimistic about the Spanish. There are not so many reasons, just one reason - distance.

If the Spanish government were more domineering and directly pressed all the main forces of the army and navy, it would probably be able to achieve a quick victory.

Now the navy has invested most of its main force, but the army has only sent about 100,000 people. It seems to be a huge force, but it has lost the ability to kill with one blow.

We can attack the Philippine Islands, why can't we attack the Japanese mainland? The current Japanese government is not crazy. If the war really comes to Tokyo, they are very likely to compromise.

On the contrary, it is fighting the Japanese in the Philippine Islands. The Tokyo government does not feel deeply. Not only does it fail to deter the Japanese, but it will stimulate their craziness.

Of course, this style of play also has high requirements for Spain. Unless the Madrid government spends a lot of money and obtains the support of European countries, it will be difficult to implement.

Franz is preparing to deal with the aftermath, but the protagonists of this war are each declaring themselves the victors. The Spaniards talked about their achievements, while the Japanese used "breaking the myth of white people's invincibility" to inspire people's morale.

He talks tough, but his physical behavior is very honest. After the Battle of the Philippines, Japan and Spain launched a diplomatic offensive in unison.

...

In Sulawesi, Governor Chandler was so harassed that he had no choice but to meet with Admiral Valkenhayn. Compared with previous contacts, the Spaniards were much more sincere this time.

There is no way, the fate of the expedition fleet is now in the hands of the Nanyang Governor. After the Japanese warships were damaged, they could pull them back to the mainland for rescue, but the Spanish had no way to pull the warships back to Europe.

At such a long distance, the damaged warship sank halfway before they could drive it back. In fact, during the retreat, the Spanish fleet ran aground and sank two more warships, including the severely damaged "Madrid".

Of course, they did not suffer a loss. The enemy, the Japanese Navy, also did not get any advantage. On the way back to the mainland, the flagship "Tokyo" also unfortunately sank.

The sinking of a warship does not mean that it is scrapped. If the damage to the hull is not too great, it can still be salvaged.

Admiral Valkenhein came here to rescue the "Madrid" this time. Although the Vienna government expressed support for them, it was the Governor of Nanyang who carried out the actual implementation.

Whether the "Madrid" can be saved and how long it will take to repair the warship, these specific issues still depend on the support of the Nanyang Governor's Office.

There were no colonists in the Southeast Asia who did not peek at the Philippine Islands. Without the intervention of the colonial government, Admiral Valkenhayn could not even imagine what would happen next.

You can't count on the integrity of these repair shops, right? What they want to do is long-term business, and short-term customers like the Spanish fleet do not have as much weight as local colonists.

"Your Excellency, Commander, you must understand that this is Nanyang, not Europe. The repair shop is not a shipyard, and it is normal for the technology to have flaws.

If you want to achieve perfection, I personally suggest that your country should bring the warship back to Europe for maintenance. .We really can't guarantee quality here.” Work has to be done, and this is stipulated in the treaty. But how to do it specifically needs to be explained.

From Governor Chandler's point of view, what he most hopes is that both Japan and the West will be defeated, and then the Japanese will continue to occupy the Philippine Islands.

Even if the Spaniards took the lawsuit to Vienna, this was his position. As the governor of Nanyang, it was his duty to find ways to expand the colony. As long as you act within the rules, no one can say anything wrong.

Admiral Valkenhein shook his head: "Your country's repair shop in the Nanyang region is not an ordinary repair shop. Not to mention simple warship repairs. If necessary, I am afraid that even warships can be built. It shows now. The technical strength of your country is obviously inconsistent with the actual technical capabilities of the repair shop.

We have had an agreement with your country, and Madrid and Vienna have also reached an agreement on this issue. However, the current performance of your country's maintenance factory may mean that someone wants to undermine the two countries. Friendship!" Chandler waved his hand: "I'm sorry, you may have found the wrong person. Regarding the technical issues of the repair shop, you should talk to the capitalists, not me, the governor. Maybe the capitalists want to take advantage of the situation. , You know this kind of thing is their specialty, they even blackmail our fleet." If he hadn't been well-educated, Admiral Valkenhein would have almost burst out. Not to mention the Holy Roman Empire, where capital is suppressed, even in other European countries with relatively strong capital strength, I have not heard of any shipyard that dares to "blackmail" its own navy.

Not to mention the colony. If it offends the navy, is wearing small shoes, and is blocked at the door every day to check for smuggling, no matter how awesome the shipyard is, it will not survive.

There are not so many twists and turns in dealing with soldiers, and Admiral Valkenhein cannot remember so many diplomatic phrases, and he has no time to talk nonsense here.

"What do we need to pay to get your help?" (End of Chapter)


Chapter 987 Game

Since ancient times, interests have been the best bridge for friendship. As long as interests are in place, friendship will be born. It's not that Governor Chandler likes to play tricks, he is actually forced out by reality.

As the greatest victor of the European War, the seemingly arrogant Holy Roman Empire was actually at its weakest period.

The established national policy of the Vienna government is to maintain business, and expansion is not considered at all. Although the Philippine Islands are fertile, this is still not enough to make the Vienna government change its national policy.

As a colonial governor, Chandler could not ignore the interests of the colonial group while taking into account national strategy. In this context, operational skills will be tested.

The original peach picking plan was based on Spain's defeat and Japan's lack of strength. The current situation is very obvious. It is indeed difficult for Spain to win the war, but the strength of the Japanese is also beyond expectations.

Maybe their fighting ability is not very good, but they are willing to fight tooth and nail! With the empire's power in the Nanyang region alone, even if it could defeat the Japanese, it would suffer heavy losses.

To the Holy Roman Empire, Japan was never worth mentioning. The British, who were hiding behind the scenes and watching covetously, were the real threat.

If the operation is not done well, it will become a proxy war in which the British send arms and the Japanese send troops.

Just think about the pitfalls of proxy wars: the First Near East War, the two Prussian-Russian wars, and the recent Anglo-Russian war in Afghanistan.

Every competitor was deceived to death and crippled, and those who survived were severely damaged.

Britain and Russia did not cause trouble when the Holy Roman Empire was at its weakest. It was not because the two governments understood their righteousness, nor that there were no conflicts among the three countries. The core reason was that they were not in the right state either.

In the Afghan war, Britain and Russia each lost hundreds of thousands of troops, but gained nothing but heavy financial pressure. In this context, even if you want to cause trouble, you must exercise restraint.

In a sense, the Holy Roman Empire could be restored, and the proxy wars secretly manipulated by the Vienna government also made important contributions.

Perhaps when he first crossed over, Franz might have been able to hit the target twice and take the opportunity to beat the Japanese to vent his anger, but that is no longer possible now. As a mature politician, any military action must be driven by interests.

The Japanese are so poor these days that even if they push through smoothly, they will not be able to recover their war funds; if something unexpected happens midway, it will be even worse.

He did not want to go into battle personally, and he coveted the fertile Philippine Islands, so the value of Spain was reflected.

Britain supports the Japanese, and Vienna supports Spain. No matter who wins or loses, everyone will make a profit. It is just a matter of the size of the profit.

From the standpoint of the Vienna government, the greater the British government's support for the Japanese, the better. Only in this way will the conflict between Britain and Spain continue to escalate.

Spain, which is at odds with Britain and France at the same time and has certain strength, is undoubtedly the best ally of the Holy Roman Empire.

It doesn't matter that Spain is going downhill, as long as it doesn't fall too fast. If Spain were really on the rise, Franz would not dare to ask for it.

Compared with the strategic benefits, the interests of the Philippine Islands have become nothing to mention. Governor Chandler would have been unable to do anything had the Spanish not arrived on their own.

"Your Excellency, Commander, you are overly worried. Based on the friendship between us and your country, no shipyard dares to risk the disapproval of the world.

It's just that Nanyang is different from Europe. All the tools, equipment, and spare parts in the repair shop are They are shipped from the mainland, especially since the specifications of your country's warships are different from ours. Many accessories have to be specially customized , so the cost is slightly higher.

We are not taking advantage of the situation. As you know, stocking up on spare parts in advance is a big risk. It's risky, the capitalists must be doing this to make money, so this price..." After hearing this explanation, Admiral Varkenhayn was speechless. Proprietary spare parts, maintenance tools and equipment are all ready, if this is not to take advantage of the situation, it is a conspiracy.

If it's just that the maintenance cost is higher, Valkenhein doesn't mind paying a little more. After all, time is life on the battlefield. The more spare parts the shipyard has in stock, the faster the warship repair progress will be, and it is reasonable to make more money.

Now it's obviously not a matter of money, just the high cost of repairs, which is not enough to make Admiral Valkenhayn humbly ask for help.

Seeing that Governor Chandler refused to speak directly, Valkenhein understood that this was for the sake of face. As the leader of the Continental Alliance, the Vienna government would not be able to act if word spread about the colony of its younger brother.

The best way is undoubtedly to let them take the initiative to send it. Then, the Vienna government will offer a relatively "reasonable price", which will look good on everyone's face.

Suppressing the dissatisfaction in his heart, Admiral Valkenhayn said without conscience: "Your Majesty, for the sake of the friendship between our two countries and to thank your government for its strong support, we are willing to open the market of the Philippine Islands.

You know Yes, our financial situation has been very bad. If your country can help, we are willing to sell some of the islands." "You have misunderstood. We have no peeps at your colonies, and the Holy Roman Empire will not peep at any Allied colonies.

If your country is really in financial difficulty, we will be happy to help. For the sake of world peace and stability, the empire is launching a globalization strategy. If your country doesn't mind, you can lease several military ports to us. You can rest assured, Our garrison is only to maintain regional peace and stability and will not interfere with your country's management of the colony." The fat meat delivered to your door cannot be eaten, and Governor Chandler's heart is bleeding. But there is no way. The Holy Roman Empire must pay attention to its eating habits, otherwise it will cause panic in the European world.

The Spaniards opened their markets and could answer to the colonial groups. It was impossible to take the opportunity to annex the Philippine Islands.

Even if the Spanish gave it away for free, the Holy Roman Empire cannot accept it now. Not to mention buying an island, even if you really want to buy it, you can't buy it now.

Don't forget, the Philippine Islands are still in Japanese hands! Once sovereignty over the islands was purchased, the Holy Roman Empire was dragged down by the Spaniards.

The Nanyang Governor's Mansion cannot gain much benefit, which does not mean that the Holy Roman Empire also has no benefits. In any case, Spain is also an old-school colonial country. Even though it has declined, it still has many islands of strategic value in its hands.

Due to their strength, many islands were already dispensable in the hands of the Spanish, but they became extremely valuable in the hands of the Holy Roman Empire.

Since the end of the European War, the globalization strategy has been put on the agenda. It has not yet been implemented, mainly due to financial constraints. After a few years of digesting the spoils, it can be said that it is imperative to fully launch the globalization strategy.

...

Ossie is conducting transactions, and Britain and Japan are not idle either. The Japanese, who had proven their strength, had a significantly higher status in the eyes of the British government.

Downing Street Foreign Secretary George: "Judging from the strength shown by the Japanese in the Battle of the Philippines, they have already succeeded in balancing the Spanish.

Even because of the strong insertion of the Japanese, the Holy Roman Empire's dominance in the Southeast Asia region has also been affected. .The Vienna government will not let this situation continue. If we do not intervene, it will only be a matter of time before the Japanese are forced out of Nanyang.

Once the Nanyang strategy fails, the Japanese will have only one way to go north, which will inevitably lead to When war breaks out in the Far Eastern Empire, we will have to make a choice when the time comes.

For the benefit of the empire, the best choice is to support the Far Eastern Empire to contain the Russians in the east, and to support the Japanese to contain Spain and the Holy Roman Empire in the South Seas." There is no doubt that . , this is the most optimistic situation. By supporting the two younger brothers, it is undoubtedly an ideal situation to get Britain out of the current embarrassing situation.

However, a plan is always just a plan, and it is not that simple to implement it.

Although Spain was in decline, it was not without its strength to fight. Even though the bureaucracy is corrupt, its overall national strength is still higher than Japan's.

In particular, Spain is a continental country, and there is a continental alliance behind it. Once the Spanish government manages the diplomatic work of various countries and obtains the support of the entire alliance, the Japanese plan to go south is destined to go bankrupt.

You must know that the London government is still working hard to join the alliance and has achieved certain results. It is impossible to directly confront the alliance for the sake of the Japanese.

The plans for the south are full of uncertainty, and the plans for the north are even more tragic. The biggest characteristic of the Far Eastern Empire is "following the heart". Lafayette is satisfied if the Russians don't cause trouble. It is really embarrassing to actively seek out the Russians' bad luck.

Seeing the dog-eat-dog fight between Britain and Russia in India, it is too late for people to be happy. How can they take the initiative to get involved?

There are so many problems, but they still do not affect this "plan" from becoming the London government's diplomatic strategy. If you succeed, you will make money, and if you fail, you will not lose. Why not use such a plan?

It is said to be support, but in fact all the weapons and equipment were bought with real money. What the British government really paid was verbal diplomatic support.

Looking at the reaction of the stock market, we can see that since the London government implemented this strategic plan, the domestic military industry stocks have increased by 18%, and the stock prices of the machinery and equipment export industry have also increased by nine points.

Prime Minister Gladstone nodded: "I agree to the Japanese request. Since the Holy Roman Empire can help the Spanish repair warships, then our shipyards in the Far East can also help the Japanese repair warships, but we must grasp the limits. The empire cannot Directly intervene in the war.

At the same time, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs must speed up its layout in the Far East and try to provoke conflicts between the Far Eastern Empire and the Russians to reduce our pressure in India.

Order the Governor-General of India to increase support for the guerrillas in Central Asian countries , increasing the cost of Russian rule.

When necessary, a certain amount of loans can be granted to the Japanese government, or war bonds can be issued for them, with the amount tentatively set at less than 20 million pounds. Let them use tariffs as collateral, and the risk should not be too high Big." Don't be nervous, the Russians have already started construction on the Central Asian Railway. The Austrian Railway Company is still responsible for the construction. As long as there are no major changes, it is only a matter of time before it opens to traffic.

Everyone knows that once the Central Asian Railway is completed, it will be time for the Russians to move south again. Although the railway would not be completed during Gladstone's tenure, if something went wrong in the future, they would be politically stained if something went wrong.

For the sake of reputation before death, Gladstone's cabinet has been working extremely hard in recent times. One seemingly perfect strategic plan after another is constantly being released.

As for whether it can succeed, it is not within their consideration for the time being. Anyway, as long as it seems feasible. If it fails in the future, it will be because the successor government is incompetent and it is none of their business.

Foreign Secretary George: "According to intelligence collected from all aspects, the Vienna government is busy dealing with domestic affairs and has no plans to directly intervene in this war.

Now the naval battle has reached a stalemate, and the next battle will soon be transferred to land. . The Japanese are willing to fight tooth and nail. As long as Vienna does not stir up trouble, the Spanish who are working hard on the expedition cannot defeat them. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is looking for a suitable opportunity to mediate this war and let the Japanese give up when they see fit, so as to avoid the expansion of the war." Compared with Spain, the biggest advantage of Japan is the large number of people. If it weren't for the facts, no one would have imagined that Spain, which had a population of eight million in the 16th century, now has a total population of less than 18 million.

Just look at the population and you will know that Spain's decline is not unreasonable. I won't talk about what happened in the middle, but they were all tricks, so that the total population of Britain, which once was less than half theirs, is now almost twice theirs.

In comparison, Japan's situation is much better, with a population of more than 40 million, which has already met the population needs of contemporary powers.

It can be said that the naval battle was not complete, and the Spaniards had already lost half of this war. In the next battle, the Japanese government will definitely use its own advantages to lure the Spaniards to land for a decisive battle.

After all, compared with the precious navy, the cheap army is much more expensive, and the Japanese government can afford to die.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 988 Jaw-dropping Politics

Although Japan and Spain each have the support of their bosses, warship maintenance also takes time. The naval battle has come to an end for the time being, but the curtain of the land battle has just begun.

I don't know whether I should say that the Spaniards are eager to win or stubborn. In short, the expeditionary force launched a comprehensive counterattack and launched landing operations on multiple islands at the same time.

The specific results of the battle have not been announced. Anyway, the Spanish Expeditionary Force was advancing vigorously. Except for a few large islands that were still in the hands of the Japanese army, the rest were recovered by the expeditionary force.

Franz didn't care what was going on or whether the Japanese had any conspiracy. As long as the Philippine campaign is delayed, it will be fine, and the longer it is delayed, the better.

Not for war profit. Japan and the West are both poor people, and no matter how hard they squeeze, they can't squeeze out a few drops of oil. The main reason is that it takes time to recover from the wounds of war. The longer it takes, the greater the power of the Vienna government to say.

What worries Franz most right now is not the situation in Southeast Asia, but the restoration of France. Because of the relationship between the heirs, the three major royalists have almost degenerated from human brains into monkey brains, and they actually allowed the new government to grow in size under their noses.

When the nobles reacted, they miraculously discovered that the enemy had already reached out to the army. Just because high-level officers cannot win over them does not mean that lower-level officers and soldiers cannot win over either.

Realizing the danger, the royalists finally knew how to put aside their prejudices, but it was too late. The revolutionaries took action first, and many high-ranking royalists suffered accidents. For a time, the royalists were leaderless.

In addition to scolding his pig teammates a few times, Franz could only help them deal with the aftermath. In other words, the representatives of the three dynasties were brought together to discuss who would clean up this mess.

Even the exiled Napoleon IV openly came to Vienna to attend a meeting as emperor, which is probably beyond the imagination of ordinary people.

However, this all really happened. In order to clean up France's mess as soon as possible, the Vienna government also had to make compromises.

For example: the role played by the Bonaparte dynasty in the European War was redefined.

Napoleon IV, who was originally the main person responsible for the war and was not held accountable because of his status as a monarch, has now become a pure and innocent little white flower.

War responsibility?

It didn't exist. It was clearly the capitalists who held the emperor hostage and made the decision. How could the emperor be held responsible?

The biggest responsibility of Napoleon IV is - incompetence. As a monarch, it is really embarrassing for him to be held hostage by capitalists.

However, he succeeded to the throne at a young age, and the auxiliary ministers were bribed by the consortium, so that the emperor's power fell away, and what happened next happened.

His Majesty Napoleon IV is responsible for this and has decided to abdicate in the near future.

In order to avoid another situation where the leader is weak and the ministers are strong, the Bonaparte dynasty voluntarily gave up the right of succession this time because the next generation successor was young.

No matter how nonsense this explanation was, Franz believed it now. Of course, this will inevitably require a few more drinks, otherwise your conscience will be troubled! As for how many outsiders believe it, that's none of his business.

Anyway, the final result was that the Bonaparte dynasty gave up its anti-Austrian banner, and the Vienna government recognized their right to inherit the French throne.

That's right, it's the "throne" and not the "imperial throne". France itself is a kingdom, and proclaiming emperor is obviously illegal. Now that the illegal regime has been overthrown, it is natural that orthodoxy must be restored.

This self-contradictory explanation is certainly "irrational," but politics has never been rational.

To stabilize the situation in France, the new king needed the support of the Bonapartists, and compromises were inevitable.

Then, the son of Napoleon IV became third in line to the throne of France. If the heirs promoted by the Bourbon and Orleans dynasties have an accident, or it is his turn, no other members of the two dynasties can snatch it.

Very funny, right?

But that's politics!

What seems to be a fight for the throne is actually a redistribution of interests. The king took turns, which was a compromise between the three royalists.

On the surface, the Bonaparte dynasty has undoubtedly suffered a big loss with this order of substitutes, and may be permanently insulated from the throne.

In fact, this is not the case. The exiled monarch can live very freely, but it will be different if he brings the exiled government with him. A large group of people have to be supported by the monarch. No matter how big the family fortune is, they can't support it!

Although Napoleon IV took away a large sum of money when he ran away, no matter how much money he had, he could not afford to sit back and have nothing. Especially after the situation in Paris became tense, there was an endless stream of people seeking refuge. The total number of people, old and young, was almost over 10,000.

Refuse, they are all "loyal ministers" of the Bonaparte dynasty, it will be chilling; if they accept them all, Napoleon IV will not be able to support them.

In this context, Napoleon IV had no choice but to compromise if he did not want to go bankrupt. Only if the new government returns the family properties of these supporters and gives up the suppression of them can it get rid of this trouble.

As a smart man, Napoleon IV naturally knew that after the emergence of the Continental Alliance, the political structure of Europe had been stabilized, and it was impossible to restore the Bonaparte dynasty in a short time.

At least until the "red name" is eliminated, no matter how good the opportunity is, it will be related to them. Rather than continue to carry it to the end and use up the last strength in your hand, it is better to take the opportunity to sell it at a good price.

Reaching a political compromise not only got rid of the heavy economic burden, but also eliminated the "red name" on the head, and also won a wave of hearts and minds.

How could an emperor who abdicated the throne in order for his subordinates to return home and preserve their family fortunes not be supported?

It is conceivable that after this wave of operations, the cohesion of the Bonapartists will rise to a higher level, especially those returning from the exile team will remember this friendship.

Even for the sake of family reputation, these people will support the Bonaparte dynasty for a long time to come.

The throne was lost and the succession came last, but the strength of the Bonapartist faction was restored.

If political whitewashing can succeed, the Bonapartists will be the most powerful political faction in France for a long time to come.

Of course, there are advantages and disadvantages. While buying people's hearts, Napoleon IV also lost some of them. From the moment the compromise was reached, the Bonaparte dynasty was on the opposite side of the radical revanchists.

No matter how good the reasons are, in the eyes of the radical revenge faction, this is all betrayal. Traitors are more annoying than enemies. It is estimated that these people are eager to get rid of Napoleon IV quickly at this moment.

These are what the Vienna government wants to see most. The French are too active. If they don't fight internally, they will fight externally.

Franz is already satisfied with the political structure of the European continent and does not want another continental war, so it is better to keep the hatred of the French in a cage.

After some bargaining, Charles, a supporter of the Bourbon dynasty who received the support of the Vienna government, became the first heir, while the Orleans faction introduced Philip as the second heir.

On the surface, the Bourbon dynasty has made a lot of money. It holds the crowns of Spain and France at the same time, and has returned to its peak era overnight.

Unfortunately, this is only on the surface. Not to mention that the Carlists and the Spanish royal family have long been in conflict, the mess in France alone is enough to cause a headache.

Today is different from the past. If the royalists had reached an agreement a few months ago and had been recognized by the anti-French alliance, the restoration could have been completed immediately. Unfortunately, this good time has gone forever. If you want to restore it now, you cannot do it. Well it's a civil war.

...

"Kill!" "Come on!" "Da da da da..." Accompanied by shouts of kill and the sound of gunfire, Paris fell into chaos again. After confirming that the royalists had reached an agreement to prepare for restoration, the new government immediately took action to purge the aristocratic forces in the city.

"Damn it, the phone line is also down. The enemy has obviously planned to defeat us one by one!" I know that Count Adrian can do nothing about what is happening in front of him.

There are quite a few aristocratic private armies in Paris. If they could be united, they would not be comparable to the revolutionary party's armed forces.

However, there are no “ifs” in reality. The assembled noble private army is indeed powerful, but the dispersed noble private army is a different situation.

After a period of preparation, the original ragtag revolutionary army's combat effectiveness has been completely transformed after absorbing the released prisoners.

The new government relied on the numerical advantage of the revolutionary army to strike first and caught the aristocratic private army by surprise.

If this is the case, the aristocratic private army will not be unable to make a comeback. After all, the Revolutionary Party army is not only heavy in weapons, but also lacks qualified officers. Even if the quality of the soldiers improves, the combat effectiveness of ten points can only be used at most five points.

Unfortunately, human nature is complex, and nobles are no exception. Everyone is worried that if they take the initiative and others do not respond, they will end up being wiped out.

"Earl, why don't we withdraw first? Our power is limited now, and if we continue to be trapped, we will only increase casualties." The butler's suggestion is undoubtedly the most realistic. There are only a few nobles living in the city, and more nobles still like to live in the manor.

The revolutionary government had the ability to purge Paris, but it did not have the ability to conduct a nationwide purge. Once you leave this cage, you will be like "birds can fly in the sky, and fish can leap in the sea and sky." With the power of the aristocratic group and the support of European countries, restoration is only a matter of time. No matter how hard the revolutionary government tries, it can only struggle to its death.

Earl Adrian shook his head: "Now is not the time. With just a few hundred of us, we can't run far with our families. Send someone to contact the nearby Marquis Anderson and Earl Gutlen through a secret passage. In the evening, we will all come together Breakout." Unlike later generations, European nobles these days all have to go to the battlefield. The European war was so fierce that almost all French nobles of the right age had left the battlefield, and Count Adrian was no exception.

Having had combat experience, Adrian naturally knew how to make the best choice. Communications were interrupted, and it was impossible to assemble the private armies of the nobles in the city, but this did not prevent nearby military nobles from joining forces.

"Yes, Earl!" Just as the butler was about to turn around and leave, Earl Adrian stopped him hastily: "Wait a minute, there's no need to send anyone. It's estimated that their situation won't be much better, even if they send people out now, , and can't contact them.

Maybe the existence of the secret passage will be exposed, and the enemy can take advantage of it. It's better to contact them again in the evening when they break through." This is a gamble, but Earl Adrian No choice. The revolutionary army has no artillery. In theory, waiting for reinforcements is the best option.

But the problem is that the aristocratic group is also in disarray. Those who have charisma either meet God or hold meetings in Vienna, and no one can command anyone else.

The battle has been going on for a long time, and none of the troops originally controlled by the noble group appeared on the battlefield, so Count Adrian couldn't help but think about it.

If reinforcements don't come, it's all over. You must know that since the second revolution, the number of public executions by the new government has exceeded four figures, and even more people have been killed secretly.

Although no nobles were publicly executed, there were many nobles who had accidents, including some with higher status than him. If the situation had not been tense, the royalists would not have compromised so quickly.

...

I'm vomiting blood, I was harmed by two more chapters today, I can't live this day (;︵;`)

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 989 Transformation

Affected by the sudden change in the situation in Paris, the Bourbon restoration movement directly evolved into a civil war, and the political situation in Europe became tense again.

The "tension" is not because of the French Civil War. What countries are most concerned about is the debt issue. Especially poor countries like Belgium, Spain, Russia, and Italy pay special attention to it.

If the Bourbons hadn't firmly opposed the alliance's intervention, the Russian troops stationed outside Paris would have already entered. Just because you can't interfere directly doesn't mean you can't pull the strings.

The Paris Revolutionary Army took the initiative several times to attack, but was blocked by the Russian army on the pretext of military exercises, providing strong support to the fleeing noble private army.

Not only that, but even the prisoners of war released in batches by the Anti-French Alliance are now given priority to members of the royalist party. As for the unlucky ones who are politically inclined to the revolutionary party or the republican government, they are probably going to be thrown into jail.

The Anti-French Alliance did not want these guys to come out to hinder the restoration, and the Bourbon dynasty would not welcome these opponents. Maybe when the situation stabilizes in the future, they will have a chance to be released from prison, but who can say for sure in politics?

If you want to fight, let's fight. Anyway, since the failure of the European War, the dissatisfaction of the French people has been accumulating. It might as well be vented.

Based on past experience, after every emotional outburst, the situation in France will stabilize for a period of time, just in time for the Bourbon dynasty to gain stability.

Everything is under control. Franz has no extra time to pay attention to the disturbances from the outside world. The current focus of his work is still at home.

After the initial adjustment, the Holy Roman Empire was finally unified in the true sense. Although there is still a long way to go to integrate it, it is still enough to scare people.

The paper statistics of the unified Holy Roman Empire are undoubtedly terrifying. Together with the colonies, the total economic output of the mainland has reached 38.2% of the world's total, and the total industrial output has reached 54.8% of the world's total. Its fiscal revenue exceeds the total of all European countries, coupled with the world's largest army and second largest navy, which is simply speechless.

In fact, Franz was also stunned by this data and thought it was April Fool's Day.

After calming down and studying it carefully, Franz discovered that this set of data was not an exaggeration, and there was even great potential to be tapped.

The European Continental War devastated France, Belgium, and Italy, and the world's economic and industrial output shrank.

As the victor of the war, the Holy Roman Empire not only completed the unification of the country, but also further seized large areas of French colonies.

The mines, railways, ports, and plantations that the French worked so hard on the African continent all became spoils of war for the Holy Roman Empire. With the influx of waves of immigrants, this wealth has been transformed into economic data on paper.

Yes, it is just "on paper" wealth. It will still take a long time for these assets to function and be transformed into real national strength.

The expected postwar Great Depression did occur, but the hardest hit area was not the Holy Roman Empire, but France, Belgium, and Sardinia, the countries most harmed by the war.

In order to reduce the pressure of post-war demobilization and resettlement and reduce government financial expenditures, Franz once again resorted to enfeoffment to lure meritorious officers and soldiers to immigrate to Africa.

As a generous emperor, Franz used land, mines, plantations, and unimportant ports as fiefs. Some officers with great merit even directly obtained a city with jurisdiction.

Let's put it this way, most of the colonies that the Holy Roman Empire seized from the French have now become private property, and what belongs to the emperor is either sand or remote areas that no one cares about.

Since it is private property, local development is no longer an issue. This group of emerging military aristocrats invited their friends to develop it themselves.

As a government, it only needs to collect some commercial taxes to maintain local administrative operations. Other problems were not a problem, as long as they didn't cause a big mess, Franz pretended not to see them.

In short, it is very characteristic of HRE. Franz, the big prince on the European continent, could tolerate it, not to mention the small princes on the African continent.

Besides, how can we rule such a large territory if we don't play like this?

You can't learn from the British colonial rule, right?

If colonial rule were to be adopted, it would not be as reliable as feudalism. At least the foundation of rule would be more solid, and there would be no need to suppress national uprisings every now and then.

If you look at history books, you will know that areas ruled by feudal aristocrats are basically not independent. On the contrary, new occupied areas under the direct jurisdiction of the central government often have recurrences.

As for the possible expansion of local nobles in the future, Franz no longer cares about that much. If it gets bigger, it will get bigger. If it is great, it will only be an autonomous territory. The area of ​​​​the fiefdom will limit the upper limit of development.

The national culture has been determined. No matter how strong the aristocratic group is, they will not be able to rebel by shouting the slogan "Princes and generals would rather have their own kind", let alone send the emperor to the guillotine.

Their class position has determined that they must be members of the royalist party, which is the foundation for them to maintain their status. Even if there were individual rebellions, they would be suppressed by other nobles.

The most injured person is probably the central government. There is a group of nobles below to check and balance, and its power is severely restricted.

Of course, no one in the Holy Roman Empire would care about this issue. The central government has never been strong since ancient times. The current Vienna government is already an anomaly, and it can be called the most powerful government since the establishment of the Holy Roman Empire.

Continue to strengthen the authority of the central government. Even if the people below have no objections, Franz will not agree!

Just kidding, if the power of the cabinet continues to expand, priorities will be reversed. Once a powerful minister appears, the emperor becomes a rubber stamp.

This is considered lucky. If you encounter someone with bad hands, they may not even leave a place for you to give you a rubber stamp, but they will just overturn the table and become the boss.

Once power loses its checks and balances, it becomes a man-eating monster. Countless cases have proven that human nature cannot stand the test, and loyalty is never as reliable as interests.

Taking advantage of the opportunity of winning the European War, Franz directly supported the military aristocratic group and established their roots in the African continent.

From this moment on, the core of the unity of the Holy Roman Empire became the emperor. The Holy Roman Empire came into existence because the states and nobles were loyal to the emperor, not because the empire came first and then the emperor came into existence.

Doing this in other countries will definitely cause dissatisfaction among many people. However, the Holy Roman Empire was an exception. The following states and nobles were all beneficiaries of this system. This was how the political system worked from the beginning.

There seems to be little difference in the definition, but it is actually the origin of the legal system.

Loyalty to the emperor means that the princes are on the same level as the central government and have the highest autonomy; if they are loyal to the government, it means that the central government can take back everything they own at any time.

It took decades of hard work to complete the ideal political system in his mind. There were so many twists and turns that Franz felt physically and mentally exhausted.

He doesn't want to care about any hidden dangers or sequelae now. Anyway, this world has never been perfect, and the painstakingly managed Holy Roman Empire also revolved around the Habsburg Dynasty.

If the Habsburg dynasty really collapsed one day, what would the life and death of the empire have to do with him? Franz is not so noble as making wedding dresses for others.

According to the current political structure, as long as future generations do not commit suicide, there is no problem in continuing for one or two hundred years, and beyond that - sorry, time travelers are not omnipotent.

After signing the document in his hand, the unique ruling system of Shinra was formally established. Not only the African continent, but also colonies as far away as the Americas and Southeast Asia will copy this model in the future.

The difference was that in these areas that were too far away, Franz had not yet made up his mind whether to send a son to be the king or to let the nobles play with local autonomy.

Sometimes having too much territory can be a problem. Two generations of immigrants still have a sense of belonging to the country. After the last three or five generations, it would be nonsense to talk about a sense of belonging.

In addition to cultural intimacy, the rest is also benefits. If we have close economic ties and the same strategic direction, we are a family. If there really is a conflict of core interests, the families that should be separated will still have to be separated.

Looking at the world map on the wall, Franz made up his mind that he could no longer continue to expand.

After some preliminary calculations, the territory controlled by the Holy Roman Empire actually exceeded that of Britain, and was about to exceed 40 million square kilometers.

Judging from the current situation, no effort is needed. As long as Franz does not stop it, in ten or eight years, the Holy Roman Empire's control area will exceed 40 million square kilometers.

However, this expansion makes no sense. The benefits brought by colonial expansion were not enough to make up for the negative political impact of expansion.

Today is different from the past. The days of running boats to enclose land are over, and the unclaimed land has long been carved up. If you continue to expand, you will have to compete with each other, and the efforts and benefits will not be proportional at all.

"Prime Minister, tell the governors below that we need time to digest the results of the war. In the coming years, we should not carry out military expansion unless necessary. In recent times, the warlike atmosphere in the country has obviously gone too far. We are not war crazy. , don't clamor for war when there is nothing wrong.

The cabinet must do a good job in ideological education of government officials, so that they can use their brains when encountering problems. Arrogance is a sign of lack of education.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs must also make ideological changes. From now on, we will You are no longer a bystander in international affairs, you must be prepared to act as an arbiter." It's not that Franz is making a fuss, but that the current Vienna government is already a little distracted. Victory comes so easily that many people lose their eyesight and become arrogant.

Well, it doesn't matter if the great powers are crazy, but the rulers themselves must keep their heads clear.

After such a long time, Franz realized the problem, but no one at the top of the government raised it. This in itself was abnormal.

Even if you are a fan of the authorities, your think tank should always think of it, right? If no one can think of it, then why raise them?

This is obviously impossible. One person and two people drifted away normally, and everyone lost their eyes. It is simply impossible. There is only one answer, and everyone knows it but does not pay attention to it.

No matter what the reason is, the emperor has discovered the problem anyway, and the cabinet has not realized the seriousness of the problem. That is the fault.

Prime Minister Karl replied bitterly: "Yes, Your Majesty!" As the Prime Minister of the Empire, it was very embarrassing for the Emperor to directly point out the problem. There were only a handful of similar things that happened among the previous prime ministers of the Holy Roman Empire. Carl's self-esteem was severely impacted by this incident when he was about to retire.

Of course, that's all. Politicians are all very thick-skinned. Even if they are pointed at and scolded, they will always smile. A little embarrassment can't hurt Prime Minister Karl.

In a sense, it also reflects the emperor's trust in them. Politically, only their own people will be directly beaten. If problems arise and they are greeted with a smile, that would be a political disaster.

(End of chapter)

