Close
Holy Roman Empire-353. Chapter 343 The Worry-Free Brother-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 343: The Worry-Free Brother

  Originally, Franz was just opening up colonies to cover military preparations to intervene in the American Civil War. However, the American Civil War did not interfere, and Austria's new round of colonial expansion broke out first.

  The first is the African continent. Although the three infantry divisions seem to have a small number of troops, if they are invested in overseas colonization, they can sweep away a dozen indigenous tribes.

  If you open the map, you will see that the colonies from West Africa to the Congo region are already connected together.

  In the south, the Austrian colonial forces have pushed their sphere of influence along the river into Zambia; in the east, they have penetrated into Uganda and Kenya.

  In the Middle East, Austria used the Sinai Peninsula as a springboard to extend its tentacles deep into the Arabian Peninsula. It has already tricked many tribes into signing land purchase treaties, and Austrian colonial strongholds have appeared in the Persian Gulf.

  As long as the Suez Canal is opened, these areas will fall into Austrian hands.

  In Central America, Austria mainly focused on infiltration and did not engage in a war of annihilation as soon as it came up. If a group of immigrants tricked from the United States are resettled, no country will be able to escape Austria's control.

  Taking Nicaragua as an example, Germans account for four levels of white people, making them the largest ethnic group there. There are also Austrian troops stationed there, and the government has no choice but to be pro-Austrian.

  A Lanfang Autonomous Province has been added to the new Holy Roman Empire. Franz doesn't mind adding a few more. Peaceful invasion is also a good way to expand.

  Of course, this is only valid for vast and sparsely populated places like Central America. After all, the number of white people there is only a few hundred thousand, and it is divided into five or six countries.

  Even if it is not included in the imperial system, it can become a pro-Austrian country. Direct annexation is not necessarily a good thing in areas that are far away from the homeland and difficult to rule, and loose alliances are not unacceptable.

  In Southeast Asia, Franz didn't know how many islands the Austrian colonial government occupied. Anyway, it was four digits. Multi-island countries are really not covered.

  The expansion of Nanyang has stopped, and now it is up to Prussia and the German Confederation to perform.

  The German Confederation was unscrupulously encircling the Malaysian region, and it seemed that George I had already settled the London government.

  The Kingdom of Prussia chose to fight against the Indochina Peninsula for a very simple reason: the Indochina Peninsula is fertile enough and has a lot of room for expansion.

  Although Sumatra is not bad, it is still too small compared to Indochina, and the Dutch have already occupied a lot of territory.

  On the European continent, Prussia could defeat the Dutch, but in the Southeast Asia region, the situation was reversed. The nascent Prussian navy had no confidence.

  After opening the world map and looking at it carefully, Franz was surprised to find that the world was about to be divided up.

  This is not a good thing, and it means that conflicts between countries will occur from time to time in the future. Emerging empires, in particular, are bound to challenge the world order and seize living space.

  Then Franz gave up the idea. Under the current situation, it was too difficult for a new empire to appear on the European continent.

  With Russia, France and Austria standing side by side, there is simply no room for the rise of the fourth pole. The second-tier Spain is still mired in internal conflicts. Moreover, they are an old empire and still have a lot of legacy left behind.

  Not to mention Prussia, which was forced to embark on the road of overseas colonization in order to solve the problem of industrial raw materials and markets. Build a second German empire, unless someone cheats them.

  Another potential player, the Kingdom of Sardinia, died this time before it even took off. Not to mention unifying the Italian regions, they themselves have become nutrients for the French.

  ...

  Franz of Schonbrunn

  is taking care of his children, and today he is the father of three children.

  Although he was only seven years old, as the crown prince, Frederick had no chance of being a rice borer. There is endless homework to do and endless knowledge to learn every day.

  As if he had been hit, the dejected Frederick walked up to Franz and asked: "Father, why do I have to go to school and none of you do?"

  Franz patiently explained: "It's simple, because these I've already finished my homework, so I don't need to read it now.

  Your brothers are still too young. You see, William can't speak clearly, so how can they study? When they grow up a little, they will go to school with you."

  Frederick complained: "But I also have too much homework. I have been abroad and many children only have three subjects." That's right,

  Austrian compulsory education only has three subjects: German, mathematics, and history. As for the others, All subjects are elective.

  German and history are both additive, and German includes patriotic education. History is naturally the Greater German version, which proves from the source that all Austrian ethnic groups are branches of the Germanic nation.

  Regardless of whether ordinary people believe it or not, the nobles believe it anyway. Their ancestors basically come from the German region, and they represent various ethnic groups in Austria.

  History cannot be tested, and the cultural circles are still arguing. Franz did not intervene. Anyway, as long as two generations are assimilated and educated, it will be impossible to repeat it later.

  If it turns out that the textbook is wrong, it doesn't matter. It's been too long and it's understandable that there will be errors in the information handed down.

  The government neither confirms nor denies it. Let historians argue about professional issues slowly. In short, they are all academic issues.

  Just discuss it behind closed doors, people don’t care about it anyway. It is impossible to revise the teaching materials before a unified answer is formed.

  Franz explained: "That is just the basic education provided by the state. Those who have the conditions must learn more lessons.

  This world is cruel, Frederick. The amount of knowledge you learn also means your position in society. Status.

  As the crown prince of the empire, you are born to be at the top of the world. You must be the best, and naturally you have to learn a lot. This is the ability you must possess, and this is how I came to be."

  Happy education? Born into a royal family, one is naturally insulated from happiness.

  Develop hobbies and interests? It's better not to dream. As the crown prince, his job is to be the emperor, so there is no need to consider employment issues at all.

  This is the most enviable and embarrassing profession.

  As long as the emperor is trained strictly according to the process, he may not be able to produce a genius, nor will he be able to produce an idiot.

  Franz did not need a genius heir, because geniuses usually have quirks and are not suitable for the profession of emperor.

  As the heir to the empire, as long as he can maintain the operation of the empire step by step, have certain basic knowledge and not be fooled, it is enough.

  As for governing the country, doesn’t there still be a cabinet?

  The fault tolerance rate of a large empire is very high. As long as the emperor does not mess around and the cabinet officials who have climbed up the ranks step by step based on their political performance, no matter how poor their ability to govern the country, they will not cause anger and resentment.

  Besides, if the cabinet is not good enough, it can be replaced. As an emperor, you only need to throw out the guy who messed up their affairs at the critical moment and take the blame.

  In short, if the emperor did not interfere randomly, things would not be much worse. At the same time, he puts a tight curse on the bureaucrats, and occasionally catches a few corrupt officials who have no short-sightedness and kills them as a warning to others. That is a good emperor.

  Looking at Frederick who looked depressed, Franz just smiled and said nothing more.

  A maid hurriedly ran over and said: "Your Majesty, the Empress Dowager please come over."

  Franz also knew the visitor, and she was the most favored maid around the Empress Dowager Sophie.

  "Elena, what happened? You are so anxious?"

  Elena ran a little hastily, breathless, and said hesitantly: "Archduke Maximiliano was about to go to Mexico to become emperor, but he was attacked by the Empress Dowager. There was a fierce quarrel over their objections, please go over and take a look!"

  Franz suddenly had a headache, and he also had a headache for his troubled brother.

  Franz had already asked people to hand over the information about Mexico to him, with the purpose of making him quit. Unexpectedly, he still made the same choice in history.

  Needless to say, as a good brother, Franz arrived at the scene as quickly as possible.

  The roar of Queen Mother Sophie was heard from a distance. It was obvious that she was very angry with Maximiliano. As a member of the royal family, Queen Mother Sophie still knows the most basic international knowledge. Judging from her amateur political vision, this is a huge pitfall.

  Seeing Franz come in, Queen Mother Sophie stopped ranting, calmed down and said, "Franz, educate your precious brother about the situation in Mexico. This idiot actually wants to go to Mexico and become the emperor."

  Franz Franz comforted him: "Okay mother, leave this idiot to me. You need to calm down first."

  Looking at the dejected Maximiliano, Franz knew that he was very unconvinced. Maximiliano, who was going smoothly, naturally felt a sense of arrogance. For example, he now wanted to challenge the Hell dungeon.

  "Maximiliano, who asked you to go to Mexico to be emperor? Don't tell me, you don't even have supporters." Franz asked,

  Maximiliano replied: "Mexican constitutionalists, and Napoleon III promised to support my succession."

  Obviously, Maximiliano was not really stupid. In theory, with the support of France and Austria, and the strength of the Mexican constitutionalists, he secured the throne and Not difficult.

  Franz asked sternly: "If you want to wear the crown, you must first bear its weight! Maximiliano, why do you think you can secure the throne of Mexico? Come up with your policy to convince me and prove your ability.

  The Habsburg dynasty will not put an ignorant fool on the throne, otherwise one day this fool will be guillotined, and we can't afford to throw him away."

  Maximiliano, who was stimulated, immediately replied: "You wait. Come on, I will prove it to you!"

  Franz did not continue to be sarcastic, the hole had been dug. There is never a perfect governance plan in the world. No matter what plan Maximiliano comes up with, Franz can pick a thorn in it.

  If he couldn't fool even an idealist, how could Franz achieve Austria's revival?

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-354. Chapter 344 Reverse Psychology-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 344 Reverse Psychology

  Is Maximiliano capable?

  The answer is: yes!

  As long as there are no congenital deficiencies, the abilities of people trained by the royal family will definitely exceed that of most ordinary people.

  It's just that ability is often accompanied by arrogance, and this arrogance needs to be polished. Only after the edge is tempered can it be truly displayed.

  Maximiliano never encountered setbacks. Under the favor of the Queen Mother Sophie, his first half of life was smooth sailing, and then he developed an idealistic spearhead.

  Idealism is the biggest enemy of the monarch. Once it is contaminated, the best ending is to become a rubber stamp. The worst one can refer to Maximiliano in history.

  Franz sneered and said: "This is the plan you prepared? My stupid brother, are you out of your mind?

  According to your plan to govern the country, do you think Mexico is not chaotic enough, and add more fire to them? Then kill him and bleed him like a river, and send you, the emperor, to the guillotine?"

  This is not Franz's random rant. Maximiliano's plan is indeed unreliable, and the core governing concept is actually liberalism.

  Can liberalism be practiced in any country? Franz in Austria did not dare to practice liberalism, or in other words, no monarchy in the world dared to practice this kind of liberalism.

  Maximilianno said dissatisfied: "My brother, why do you say that my plan is not good?"

  Franz did not answer this question directly, but asked: "Very good, I have learned to question, and I have made progress.

  Unfortunately, this is not enough.

  Since you have a plan to govern the country, then tell me what is the biggest social contradiction in Mexico? What are the advantages and disadvantages?

  And the distribution of resources in Mexico. Which places are suitable for the development of what industries?"

  It's Ma's turn. Ximiliano was dumbfounded. This country was managed in a rough way, with bureaucrats who were not in charge, and others usually knew nothing about it.

  Maximiliano, who was far away in Vienna, naturally could not have such detailed information. Franz only provided him with the basic domestic situation, and even the Mexican government had not made detailed statistics.

  But in Franz's view, as an emperor, he must master these basic things, otherwise how can he formulate a development outline.

  For example, if you want to develop heavy industry and plan to build a steel plant, because you don't know anything, you let the bureaucrats pick a location at random, and finally find that the raw materials are thousands of miles away.

  After hesitating for a moment, Maximiliano frowned and replied: "The main contradiction in Mexico is the conflict between reformers and conservatives, mixed with the conflict between republicans and constitutionalists. As long as the political system is properly dealt with

  , Problems, these contradictions can be solved. The following questions are too tricky, and I refuse to answer."

  Franz rubbed his forehead and said helplessly: "It seems that my stupid brother, you have really been fooled.

  The system exists because of people, and it is always the people who have problems, not the system. As long as the people problem is solved, these problems are not problems. There is no right or wrong in the face of interests, and as a qualified emperor, you do not need to

  distinguish So clear.

  You just need to figure out which ones your own people want, which ones are neutrals, and which ones are enemies.

  Your own people can be reused, neutrals can be coaxed and used, and the enemies only need to be killed. It's that simple. The

  fundamental social contradiction in Mexico is interests. , conflicts of interest among various classes, and conflicts of interest between different ethnic groups.

  Only by clarifying the chain of interests and fundamentally solving the problem, other conflicts will be easier to handle. If you can't solve the problem, then solve the problem of creation

  This is just the basic condition for holding the throne. In the end, it depends on the development of the country. At least you have to make sure the people have enough to eat.

  Having said so much, do you still think what I asked is not important? "

  This is a political class , The blackened imperial power. Prior to this, Franz had never taught Maximiliano, and no one in the Habsburg Dynasty could teach him.

  After listening to Franz's words, Maximiliano was stunned. He had no idea that Franz would actually say such words, which subverted his three views.

  If Franz wants to secure the throne of Mexico, the first thing to do is not to ease the contradictions, but to stimulate them and use a civil war to solve the problem.

  Even thinking of the rebellion in 1848, the Vienna government used this opportunity to solve the Hungarian problem once and for all. Incidentally, it also resolved domestic social conflicts, introduced labor protection laws, and abolished serfdom.

  Maximiliano understood a lot in an instant. The more he understood, the more difficult it was to accept it. The elder brother, who is known as the greatest king of the Habsburg Dynasty for hundreds of years, actually did so many things secretly.

  What he couldn't refute was that Franz succeeded, and those who succeeded should not be blamed. From 1848 to the present, Austria's comprehensive national strength has more than doubled.

  The country has become stronger, people's lives have improved, and all walks of life have achieved significant development.

  The shocked Maximiliano didn't know how he left. His mind was full of what Franz said, wandering between affirmation and denial.

  Looking at her distracted husband, Princess Charlotte asked with concern: "What's wrong with Maximiliano? Are you feeling uncomfortable somewhere?"

  Maximiliano, who was awakened, said listlessly: "Chanot, you said I was Aren't you not suitable to be an emperor?"

  Princess Charlotte was shocked, she still wanted to be a queen! In order to encourage Maximiliano to agree to be the emperor of Mexico, she spent a lot of effort. It didn't take long for it to look like this.

  Princess Charlotte doesn’t think it’s difficult to be an emperor, just look at Franz. On average, I work three or four hours a day, spending most of my time reading, reading newspapers, drinking tea, and taking care of my children. Austria is still developing very well.

  "What's going on? You have to believe in yourself, you are the best!"

  Maximiliano shook his head and said, "No, I may really not be suitable to be an emperor. I don't even know the basic elements of being an emperor."

  Princess Charlotte persuaded: "What happened that hit you deeply? The you I know is not like this. Did a little setback hit you?" Maximiliano calmed down and

  said : "I just went to see my brother with my future development plan for Mexico, hoping to get his support."

  Charlotte asked uncertainly: "He doesn't agree with you going to Mexico to be the emperor?"

  You need to know how many Franz brothers there are. The relationship between them is very good. Under normal circumstances, if Maximiliano wanted to be emperor, Franz would definitely support him.

  This is one of the reasons why they dared to take over the mess in Mexico. After all, Austria's tentacles have reached deep into Central America. With just a telegram, the Austrian army can come over to provide them with military support.

  Maximiliano shook his head and said, "No. He just told me some basic common sense about being an emperor, which had a great impact on me."

  Maximiliano kept silent about the specific situation. He also wanted to save face, but he didn't want his wife to know these bad things.

  Princess Charlotte breathed a sigh of relief after hearing the news. As long as Franz, the emperor, does not object, it does not matter if the rest of the Habsburg family objects.

  When Mexico arrives, the only thing that can provide them with support is the Austrian army in Central America, which only requires Franz's consent.

  "Don't worry, there are so many successful emperors in history, and everyone's method of success is different. Cousin Franz's experience, it is normal that some things do not suit you. As long as you are diligent and love the people, I believe I will be

  fine Get up!" Princess Charlotte continued to encourage Maximiliano and

  said with a wry smile: "But the facts are in front of us, he did succeed. Austria was reborn in his hands, and the glory of the Habsburg Dynasty was in his hands. He reappeared in his hands.

  And all this only took more than ten years. Everyone gave him a very high evaluation. When he went to the streets and alleys, there would be people shouting 'Franz the Great'." "Be diligent and love the people.

  " , the last two words may have something to do with Franz, but the first two words are really hard to connect.

  If one were to select the least diligent monarchs in Europe, then Franz would definitely be among the top three, and one of them might be Queen Victoria.

  This is very embarrassing. The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy, and the monarch's rights are restricted. It makes sense that Queen Victoria was not very involved in politics.

  Franz was different. Both the Austrian Emperor and the New Holy Roman Emperor were monarchies. Although it was covered with a shell of constitutional monarchy, the emperor's rights were still supreme.

  Because the political parties are too weak, this constitutional monarchy is even more powerful than the imperial power of most monarchies.

  Regardless, Franz succeeded. Austria's influence spread to all places in the world where civilization existed, and the flag of the Habsburg dynasty was planted across the four oceans and seven continents.

  From now on, the word "diligence" will probably be kicked out of the evaluation of the king's merits. At least that was the case in the Habsburg dynasty. Everyone just needed to succeed. Who cared whether the emperor was diligent or not?

  In fact, this is just Franz's self-knowledge. If you really take care of everything, you will work so hard that you will end up with a lot of mess.

  Instead of doing this, it is better to just take care of the 180 people at the top of the government, and then let them manage the country.

  This principle is easier said than done. In order to build this bureaucratic team, Franz also spent several years working together before finally finding a balance.

  Princess Charlotte said seriously: "Maximiliano, you are jealous. This is not a good quality. Jealousy will make people lose their way."

  Maximiliano roared vently: "Yes, I admit that there are factors in this regard. I have lived in the shadow of Franz since I was a child. He is so good. The results in all subjects make me despair,

  except for marksmanship. It is not easy to wait until his results. Before I could breathe a sigh of relief, he became regent again and then became emperor. As we

  all know later, Austria before he took the throne was just a European power, and now Austria is a world power.

  If he wants, he can Learn from the British and declare: On the land of Austria, the sun never sets.

  You don’t know how much pressure I feel from having such an excellent brother. From childhood to adulthood, I have to imitate him and learn from him.

  But now Now, I find that the gap between the two parties has not narrowed, but has been stretched further.

  I really hope that he can be mediocre in some aspects, so that I can regain a little confidence!"

  Princess Charlotte, who knows her husband very well Knowing that Maximilian Noken said these words, it meant that he was fine, and then said: "At least your shooting skills are better than him." "It seems that

  this is the only confidence I have left." Maximiliano said helplessly,

  Princess Charlotte showed a bright smile, and asked: "Then do you want to use common sense and challenge yourself?"

  Maximiliano replied without hesitation: "Of course. I will use my own way to prove that I am no worse than him!"

  Princess Charlotte joked: "Really? Maximiliano, are you so confident?"

  Maximiliano replied confidently: "Of course! Oh, there may be a little gap, but it's definitely not much, please believe me!"

  Clearly, the royal education was not in vain. At least in terms of cultivating self-confidence, I have definitely put in the effort. It allows people to regain their self-confidence in the shortest possible time.

  This is also related to cultural traditions. Most Europeans have the problem of overconfidence. In this case, the potential that can really be stimulated is also easy to do stupid things.

  So all Franz's efforts were in vain, and Maximiliano still insisted on jumping into the huge pit in Mexico, unable to stop him.

  ...

  After receiving the news, Franz didn't know what to do.

  Even the brothers probably wouldn't be able to stop him by force. Watching him die, Franz couldn't do it yet.

  To help him deal with the aftermath, Franz said that he was not a nanny. Besides, he couldn't control things far away in Mexico even if he wanted to.

  Franz made a last effort and said: "You have to think clearly, Maximiliano. Mexico is not a good place. If this emperor is so easy to do, it will not be your turn. As far as I know, there are many

  Napoleon families. Everyone is jealous, but they are all blocked by Napoleon III, who is not sure of putting his brother in power.

  Now I can tell you clearly that the Vienna government cannot spend a lot of money to support you because it cannot recoup the cost."

  Ma Cimiliano replied confidently: "The Napoleon family is indeed very interested in the throne of Mexico, but they lack legal support, and the Mexican constitutionalists do not support them at all. Brother, please believe me,

  your investment will not be in vain. , I will become a great emperor like you."

  Franz said seriously: "Stop, as a brother, I will give you one last piece of advice: There are only interests between countries, do not mix personal feelings.

  So don't No matter how much help you can expect from me, Austria will not support Mexico. This is not in our interests.

  As for the support you want, I'm sorry, I can only give you moral encouragement and at most verbal support."

  To Maximilian Nuo had no confidence, and Franz was not prepared to use resources to fill the bottomless pit. The chance of recovering the cost was really low.

  Anyway, Austria has troops stationed in Central America. Presumably the Mexicans should not dare to kill this unlucky brother this time. If it is not possible, they can still send troops to rob people.

  Although he didn't know what Franz was thinking, Maximilian's heart still felt cold. He knew that he made such a decision because he didn't think highly of him at all.

  Family members collectively opposed it, and the emperor's brother also opposed it, which meant that except under the banner of the Habsburg dynasty, it was difficult for him to gain support from any family force.

  An emperor with family support and an emperor without support are completely two different concepts.

  With the strength of the Habsburg family, if they fully support him. Maximilian could lead an army as emperor and gain the support of Austria's power in America.

  With these resources, he can easily overwhelm domestic opposition forces without being subject to the French. Unfortunately, these are not available, so he can only rely on the French first.

  It is useless to say anything now. The Habsburg family has determined that he will fail and cannot spend money on him. Even his mother, who doted on him the most, did not support him this time.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-355. Chapter 345 Secretly Conquering Chen Cang-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 345 Secretly Ambushing Chen Cang

  There was no way to convince Maximiliano, so Franz directly threw the other two brothers into the military camp for closed education. Perhaps because she had learned her lesson, Empress Dowager Sophie did not intervene this time.

  Before Franz succeeded to the throne, the Austrian army had always been a place where noble playboys were gilded. Now the Austrian army is also a place for dandy boys, but instead of being gilded, they live like a year.

  Not to mention closed management, once you enter the military camp, you say goodbye to the bustling life in the city and train in the Alps every day.

  Due to the strict management system, many families regard the army as a school to educate the next generation, and the number of dandy children active in Vienna has also dropped to a historical low.

  The statutory period of military service is only two years. Due to population growth, ordinary soldiers can usually retire and go home and join the reserve service after serving for one year.

  An exception is the children of nobles, whose service years start at 3 years. It takes more time to train officers than to train ordinary soldiers, and the service time is naturally longer.

  The training of noble officers is more rigorous than that of ordinary soldiers, and there are many more training subjects. Usually the first year is spent in the Alps or the Balkans.

  I am exhausted from training every day, so I naturally have no energy to think about it. Over time, many bad habits will be corrected in the military.

  Originally, Maximiliano and Franz were only more than one year apart. During the military reform, he had already completed the gilding and became a naval officer, missing this opportunity to polish.

  Because the training is too hard, I can't go home even once a year. The Empress Dowager Sophie, who loved her son very much, asked Franz to open the back door but failed, so she dragged him out.

  Fortunately, nobles in the German region have a tradition of military service. Nobles who have not served in the army cannot gain a foothold in society at all.

  Therefore, Empress Dowager Sophie could only delay time at most, and did not dare to really let the two little guys avoid military service.

  You can refer to the specific situation. Every year, several dandy boys are tied up by their families and sent to the military camp. Occasionally, there will be scenes of crying and crying as if they are parting or dying.

  Of course, such scenes mostly occur among emerging nobles. This is also the reason why he is despised by the established nobles and is considered to be a manifestation of lack of education.

  To some extent, Franz's military reform also relied on the power of tradition.

  Although Austria has not reached the point where the army owns the country like Prussia, most of the top government officials come from the army.

  If a certain place requires extreme mobilization, government officials can turn into officers in seconds and form an army in the shortest possible time.

  Because of the glory of the nobility, no nobles complained in front of Franz that the training was too hard, which made him very satisfied.

  Rights and obligations are equal. If they refuse to fulfill their own obligations, then this class has truly fallen.

  According to statistics from the Ministry of Defense, the proportion of children of Austrian nobles serving in the military exceeds 95%. The rest have physical defects and congenital deficiencies that prevent them from serving in the army.

  Before the reform of the military system, this figure was 100%. The cultural tradition in the German region was to honor serving as a soldier. Now this fine tradition has naturally been preserved.

  Starting from the compulsory education stage, there are basic military training courses. The areas without conditions are just queue training and long-distance running, while the Noble School is a replica of the Junior Military Academy.

  After several years of struggle in St. Petersburg

  , the reformists finally prevailed over the conservatives. On March 25, 1863, Alexander II issued the "General Decree on the Liberation of Peasants from Serf Dependence."

  Provisions: Serfdom was abolished, and serfs obtained the status of freemen, with personal freedom and general civil rights, including the right to own property, hold public office, conduct litigation, and engage in industry and commerce.

  Under the premise that all land belongs to the landlord, farmers can use a certain amount of land, but must pay a ransom to the landlord.

  Before signing a redemption contract, farmers had to perform labor services for the landlord or pay service rent.

  Obviously, this Russian reform was imperfect. The land redemption fee was determined by the landlord, which far exceeded the market price of the land. In some places, it was even several times higher than the market price.

  The high land redemption prices have created hidden dangers for future social conflicts. In fact, after the redemption price was determined, conflicts occurred in many places.

  Alexander II also had a headache. On the one hand, he wanted to carry out more thorough social reforms to quickly enter the Russian Empire into a capitalist society; on the other hand, he was unwilling to break with the land-owning nobles.

  There is also a difference between "landlord" and "landlord". Landowners in the Russian Empire were nobles, and ordinary free people rarely owned land.

  Carrying out social reforms now will obviously harm the interests of the aristocracy. The nobles who rule this country are naturally unwilling, and they want to pass on the losses.

  This is not only the will of conservatives, but also many people among reformists who are prepared to sacrifice the interests of farmers in exchange for the success of this social reform.

  As for the social conflicts that may arise after doing this, they have already ignored it. They can't really cut their own flesh, right?

  Police Minister Lenovvis whispered: "Your Majesty, a total of 38 serf riots occurred in the country last month, and they have all been suppressed."

  Serf riots are no longer news in the Russian Empire. If that year If it doesn’t break out a few times, it’s news.

  But with dozens of outbreaks a month, Alexander II still felt the pressure. The Abolition of Slavery Act was signed, but this reform did not satisfy the serfs.

  The revolutionaries were not idle either. They encouraged the serfs to start a revolution, claiming that as long as the tsarist government was overthrown, everyone could own land for free.

  The liberals were less radical, at least they were not prepared to push for a tsar. Liberals believe that the government should introduce laws to price land, and the aristocrats cannot be allowed to exploit farmers.

  Most of the current serf riots in the country are caused by these two groups.

  Alexander II said: "Continue to be on strict alert. We cannot let them cause trouble at this critical moment and undermine this reform." "

  Yes, Your Majesty!" The Minister of Police hurriedly replied.

  Fortunately, the Russians won the Near East War. Taking advantage of the opportunity to reward heroes after victory in the war, Nicholas I liberated a group of serfs.

  These people are now the main force of the Tsar's army. Although most of them are at the bottom of the army, as long as these people are loyal to the Tsar, the Russian Empire will still be the Tsar's Russia.

  Otherwise, the nobles who had been alerted long ago would not have compromised with the tsar so easily. Russia's conservative forces have always been the most powerful in Europe.

  This is not the same as Austria abolishing serfdom amid widespread rebellions. At that time, the Austrian nobles were frightened by the revolution. Seeing that every noble family was wiped out, they were afraid that it would be their turn someday and had to agree to the abolition of serfdom.

  In the face of survival, everyone's expectations have naturally been lowered. If the price of land is cut down, it will be cut down. In order to save wealth and life, everyone has to choose to compromise.

  Now the tsarist nobles do not feel the pressure of survival. Although there were serf uprisings in Russia, they were not large-scale. Without pressure, everyone naturally wants to make up for their losses, and is even ready to take the opportunity to make another fortune.

  Finance Minister Khurdasiyabi said anxiously: "Your Majesty, because of the reform, it is expected that our tax revenue will drop by another five percentage points this year, while fiscal expenditure will increase by 15%. If this continues, I'm

  afraid Before domestic reforms are completed, our finances will go bankrupt. The Ministry of Finance recommends delaying the abolition of the tax farming system in some remote areas to reduce fiscal expenditures." The

  tax farming system was also a problem faced by the tsarist government. The Russian Empire was too huge. Before this, due to communication and transportation issues, the Tsarist government had no way to manage this huge empire and had to implement a tax farming system.

  Now because of the emergence of the telegraph, the communication problem can be solved. The tsarist government was preparing to abolish the tax farming system and clear obstacles to the development of capitalist economy.

  However, this will greatly increase administrative expenses. The taxes received by many remote areas are not necessarily sufficient for administrative expenses.

  Alexander II asked rhetorically: "I'm afraid just delaying the abolition of the tax farming system will not solve the problem, right? Our funding gap cannot be solved with a few million rubles a year." Finance Minister Kurdasiyabi replied: "Yes

  . Yes, Your Majesty. This year's fiscal deficit should exceed 40 million rubles. Delaying the abolition of the tax farming system can save 8 million rubles."

  Alexander II thought for a while and said: "Even if we delay the abolition of the tax farming system, the remaining funding gap will be What should I do?"

  The Russian Empire mainly implements the tax farming system in Siberia, the Far East and Central Asia. Due to poor transportation, the economies of these regions are not very good, and delaying the reform will have little impact.

  Finance Minister Kurdasiabi suggested: "Your Majesty, I personally recommend selling Alaska to save administrative expenses and at the same time exchange for a sum of money to make up for the financial shortfall."

  Alexander II shook his head and said: "There is no problem in selling Alaska. Apart from its large area, that piece of land can actually not bring us any benefits.

  Because of our relationship with the British, if there is a conflict in the future, we will not be able to hold it at all.

  But the problem is that we can't find a buyer at all. The only Americans who could possibly buy this land are now trapped in a civil war unable to extricate themselves."

  This is true. Before the discovery of gold mines, Alaska was a barren land. On more than one million square kilometers of land, Russia There are less than ten thousand people.

  Even though the central basin has a piece of land that can be cultivated, land is not valuable in this era, especially land that has not been developed.

  Finance Minister Kurdasiabi suggested: "Your Majesty, we are looking for buyers all over the world. If we can't find a buyer, we can use it as next year's loan interest and pay it to Austria!"

  Alexander II shook his head: "No, if we do this , will affect the relationship between the two countries. Now Austria is not only our ally, but also our largest trading partner."

  This has nothing to do with moral integrity, and is entirely determined by interests. The existence of the Russian-Austrian Alliance allowed the Russian Empire to maintain its hegemony in Europe. Even though they are currently busy with internal reforms, no one has shaken their position.

  But once this alliance is disbanded, the situation will be different. Not only will the French challenge their hegemony, but even Austria will also become a challenger to the hegemony.

  Turning potential enemies into allies was the Tsarist government's greatest diplomatic achievement in recent decades.

  When Austria was mired in revolution, Nicholas I did not add insult to injury, so the Russian Empire won the Near Eastern War with Austria's support and captured Constantinople.

  Before Nicholas I died, he repeatedly warned him of the importance of the Russian-Austrian alliance. Alexander II was not stupid. He knew that this was an alliance that would benefit both countries. It would be bad to affect the relationship between the two countries for some benefits.

  Finance Minister Kurdasia explained: "Your Majesty, there is no need to affect the relationship between the two countries. You just need to write a poor letter to His Majesty Franz, explain our difficulties, and ask him to help. Back then, the Austrians suppressed Hungary

  . During the rebellion, Emperor Nicholas was also prepared to send troops to help, but as soon as they arrived at the border, the Austrians took care of it themselves. In

  any case, the Habsburg family accepted the favor. Therefore, in the subsequent Near Eastern War, , the Vienna government has always been on our side."

  Kurdasiabi was vaguely reminding Alexander II that he valued the relationship between the two royal families and could not ignore national interests because of his pro-Prussian personal stance.

  Alexander II nodded. He was personally close to the general public, and he was not the fool like Peter III who ignored the interests of the country.

  Haven’t you seen that the relationship between Prussia and Russia is still not improving?

  After Bismarck's death in the Kingdom of Prussia, William I, who was deeply humiliated, never bowed his head to Russia again. Alexander II also showed no goodwill to Prussia.

  This is all determined by national interests. On the one hand, as the European hegemon, the Russian Empire cannot take the initiative to bow its head; on the other hand, the emotions of Denmark, its younger brother, must also be taken care of. Just because the Kingdom of Denmark has successively provided loans of 20 million rubles to the Tsarist government over the years, the closeness and distance between them are clear at a glance.

  Alexander II calmly replied: "No problem, I will write this letter as soon as possible."

  Seeing that Alexander II accepted this suggestion, Finance Minister Kurdasiabi breathed a sigh of relief and sighed that the money was really great. Not easy to make money.

  He worked so hard to encourage Alexander II not only to deepen the relationship between Russia and Austria, but of course this factor was not ruled out.

  What's more, it's because of the 100,000 Aegis public relations fee received from the Austrian ambassador to Russia. Kurdasiabi is a smart person who knows what money can be collected and what money cannot be collected, and he must do things after receiving the money.

  The Austrians want to further deepen the relationship between the two countries, and Kurdasiabi will naturally not refuse. This is also in Russia's interests.

  As for the Alaska issue, he decisively ignored it. This is just a reason to continue to deepen the relationship between the two countries, a barren land.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Jumping into the Trap-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 346 Jumping into the Pit On

  April 15, 1863, the Kingdom of Sardinia passed a referendum and elected Napoleon III as king, which kicked off France's annexation of the Kingdom of Sardinia.

  There is no doubt that this referendum cannot be a universal participation. Those who are eligible to vote are celebrities who support France.

  More than 600 representatives of the Kingdom of Sardinia unanimously elected Napoleon III as king. Amplify this number of votes ten thousand times, and after rounding off, the entire Sardinian people elected Napoleon III as king.

  Prior to this, all those involved in the regicide case had completed their trials and were either dead, imprisoned or wanted for running away.

  In short, regicides must go to hell. This is the common will of all monarchical countries.

  As for the truth of the matter, it is no longer important. All the clues have been dealt with by the French. It is impossible to reverse the case.

  Those who were able to escape from prison were all smart people who cooperated with the French at the first opportunity.

  To put it bluntly, everyone knows that the so-called suspect is a fallacy. Those who actually participated either ran away or were executed.

  Now that the French want to annex the Kingdom of Sardinia, they must eliminate dissidents, but there must be a reason for this, and they cannot kill people casually? Taking the opportunity to fabricate false and unjust cases is a good way.

  Now that all delegations have left the Kingdom of Sardinia, with the French family dominating the situation, of course they have the final say in everything.

  After the referendum results came out, the international community was naturally in an uproar. Countries acquiesce in France's annexation of the Kingdom of Sardinia, but that does not mean that everyone will support their annexation of the Kingdom of Sardinia.

  In public opinion, the French are still scolded bloody. There are also many international people who are calling for: Be wary of French expansion and avoid a second European war.

  The Italians, who were victims, even organized a petition group to seek help from European countries, hoping to use international pressure to force the French to give up annexing the Kingdom of Sardinia.

  As one of the major European countries, the government of Vienna also received petitions. After reading the petition submitted by the Italians, Franz had to admit that it was very touching, but unfortunately of no use.

  Franz sneered and said: "Tell them that we regret this incident, but this incident is indeed caused by the Sardinian government itself. Everyone must be responsible for their own

  actions. When the Sardinian government supports extremist organizations When the incident occurred, we should consider the possible backlash.

  After the incident, the Sardinian people also sided with the extremist organization and covered the murderer's escape. Now it is time for the Sardinian people to pay for this." To

  to a certain extent. , France's annexation of the Kingdom of Sardinia is also a good thing.

  From now on, the biggest enemy of Italian nationalists was not Austria, but the ambitious France.

  The annexation of the Kingdom of Sardinia is just the beginning. Once Pandora's box is opened, it can never be taken back.

  Stimulated by the successful annexation of the Kingdom of Sardinia, French radicals will definitely become more arrogant, which is no longer something Napoleon III can suppress.

  The arrogant French have always dreamed of becoming world hegemons.

  Without this stimulation, Napoleon III could still barely hold himself together, but now he would be waiting to be pushed into a chariot by the nationalists!

  Prime Minister Felix suggested: "Your Majesty, should we support the Italians and let them cause trouble to the French, least the French get carried away." Obviously, after the

  annexation of the Kingdom of Sardinia, the French have become a little distracted. They forget everything, as if they are the world's overlords.

  When Prime Minister Felix saw this kind of thing, he was naturally very angry and wanted to teach them a lesson.

  Franz smiled slightly and said: "There is no need. The Italian nationalists are also our enemies. Now let the French take care of them.

  Since the French are floating, let them stay floating for a while. Now on the European continent, The overlord is the Russians, and the overlord of the sea is the British. If neither Britain nor Russia comes forward, why are we joining in the fun?"

  Now Britain and Russia have jointly carved up world hegemony, and France and Austria are both second-tier challengers, because everyone Their strength is too close, France and Austria will naturally not be willing to succumb to others.

  Franz was not prepared to challenge because the odds of winning were too low and the benefits were not lucrative enough.

  The sea has the most oil and water, but unfortunately Austria cannot compete with the British and can only wait for the opportunity. The income on land is not high, and there are too many countries on the European continent. A single move can affect the whole body, and it is easy to be dragged along by the Russians.

  The French also encountered the same situation, and it was even more troublesome. It's not easy to be the second best person in the world, especially since the army and navy are both second best, so they naturally attract the hatred value of the boss.

  Add the word "Napoleon" and no one dares to ignore it. Napoleon III inherited Napoleon's legacy, and naturally also inherited his legacy of hatred.

  It's okay to keep a low profile. Being so arrogant now can easily cause a backlash from various countries, especially the older generation who have experienced the anti-French war have not yet died.

  Prime Minister Felix objected: "Your Majesty, I'm afraid this won't work. Even if Austria wants to hide now, I'm afraid it can't escape. The

  French's tentacles have penetrated deep into central and southern Italy. If we don't interfere, who knows? What will the overconfident French do?"

  To put it simply, France and Austria have conflicts in their interests in southern Italy, and it is only a matter of time before a conflict occurs.

  Franz said calmly: "It doesn't matter, this is a matter of the future. The Kingdom of Sardinia is not that easy to integrate. Within three to five years, the French should be very peaceful on the European continent. After three to five years, the reforms of the tsarist government

  will It has also been initially completed. The system of the three major European countries is still balanced, and we can move forward with the next plan."

  It's not that Franz is arrogant, that's the reality. Is it that easy for Italian regions to be annexed? Austria has been promoting national integration for so many years, but the slowest progress has been made in the Austrian-Italian region.

  This is a cultural issue. Don’t look at the disintegration of Italy, which seems like a weakling. But culturally, their inheritance is very complete and is no weaker than French culture.

  Now in Lombardy and Venetia, locals have learned German and write in German every day, but Italian cultural traditions have not disappeared.

  After more than ten years of hard work, it can only be said that the Italianized German nation has been brought back, and the goal of integrating Italians is still just a goal.

  In contrast, Austria's national integration work in Bohemia, Hungary, Croatia, and the Balkans has been much smoother.

  Many small ethnic groups with no cultural heritage are now completely Germanized. Of course, the long-term operation of the Habsburg family also has something to do with it. At first, these people recognized this brand.

  What is the essence of national integration?

  The answer is: Agreed!

  As long as this is done, all subsequent problems will be easier to handle.

  If you observe carefully, you will find that many ethnic minorities in Austria are very similar to Germans in their living habits.

  Some people are even called: "Slavic-speaking Germans". This means that in addition to the language barrier, living habits and folk customs have been Germanized.

  The main reason for this situation is that the noble lords came from the German region, and the people unconsciously followed the example, or during the era of serfdom, the noble lords ordered them to change their living habits.

  These special national conditions are the reasons for the smooth integration of nationalities. Even if the national language still exists, it has become a dialect.

  Most people of this generation can still speak dialects, and the next generation may still be able to barely understand it. If they live in cities, the inheritance will almost be lost.

  Even after two or three generations in rural areas, the inheritance of these languages ​​and characters will still be discontinued because there is no use in learning them. People are lazy. Why learn a language that you won’t use after being born into society?

  The average life expectancy of people in this era is short, and people get married and have children relatively early. Many people have children when they are 17 or 18 years old, and they will have grandchildren before they are 40 years old, which is very beneficial to national integration.

  So far, German has become more popular. The generation that has received compulsory education since childhood has already identified with German culture.

  German is used to communicate and write in every town in the empire, with the exception of Italy. Seventy or eighty percent of Italians still use Italian to communicate in their lives outside of work.

  Of course, due to the influx of other ethnic groups, the proportion of those who insist on speaking Italian has dropped to the sixth level in the total local population.

  There is no way. Italy's cultural heritage is not backward, and frequent commercial and trade exchanges with the central Italian states have led to this situation.

  Not to mention rural areas, many people have learned German, but they are still used to using Italian in daily life.

  If the serfs had not been emancipated from the beginning, the peasants had been bought with land, and their identification with Austria had not been cultivated, the Austrian Italian region would not be so stable now.

  The French had no way to do the same thing, because the Kingdom of Sardinia had already done the work of liberating the serfs.

  In addition to wooing local powerful factions, the French government has no way to bribe the large number of people at the bottom, which leaves room for nationalists to move.

  Throughout history, the main force of every revolution has been the people at the bottom. When have we ever seen capitalists running to charge into battle?

  Under normal circumstances, as long as the people at the bottom live a good life and have a high degree of identification with the government, there will be no large-scale rebellion.

  However, recognition is the biggest shortcoming of Napoleon III. The main reason why the French people recognize him is because he has an awesome uncle, rather than how much he is loved by others.

  The Italians were different. They were very happy to see the Napoleon family becoming the French royal family. But asking them to be loyal to the Napoleon family would not work.

  Everyone disagrees on the bloodline, let alone being annexed by France? If their interests are harmed again, they will start a rebellion.

  Promote national integration? Sorry, France does not have compulsory education. How could it be possible to provide compulsory education to the Kingdom of Sardinia first?

  When it comes to their own interests, the French people are very sensitive in this regard. Even if the Paris government wants to promote the integration of language and writing, it must do so in conjunction with domestic compulsory education.

  This involves a series of problems. In short, the Paris government cannot do it in a short time.

  During the period of martial law, the Kingdom of Sardinia will definitely be peaceful. Once normal order is restored, it is uncertain what will happen.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-357. Chapter 347 Emperor of Mexico-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 347 The Emperor of Mexico and the intelligence chief

  of Schönbrunn Palace,

  Terenhui, reported: "Your Majesty, the Archduke Maximilian and his wife left Vienna yesterday, and their destination is France."

  Franz took a sip of tea and suppressed his dissatisfaction. , said: "Forget it, let him go!"

  Going to France at this time, it is obvious that Maximiliano is preparing to rely on the support of the French to become the Emperor of Mexico.

  It is estimated that there is also Napoleon III's handiwork here. What the French need is a puppet monarch of noble birth so that they can secretly control Mexico.

  Massimiliano can stand out because the French have no better choice. No matter what kind of person, Mexican constitutionalists will accept it, at least not the Napoleon family.

  In fact, the only alternatives at the beginning were the Habsburgs and the Bourbons. There is no doubt that Napoleon III could not support a Mexican emperor from the Bourbon family. He was making himself uncomfortable.

  If the Bourbon dynasty revives in Mexico, some people think that the Bourbon dynasty has done a good job, but it will be miserable if they want to change a monarch for France.

  After all, the Bourbon dynasty is recognized as orthodox and has much higher legitimacy than the Napoleonic family, so the possibility of restoration is very high.

  The Habsburg family almost became the only choice. Napoleon III supported Maximilian not because of his outstanding ability, but precisely because of his secondary political thinking.

  If they were really capable, neither the Mexican constitutionalists nor Napoleon III would let them become the emperor of Mexico.

  What everyone needs is a puppet, not a hero. The strength of the Habsburg dynasty is not weak. If Maximiliano is really capable, he may turn against the guest at any time.

  Now that the family is unwilling to invest, it is because Maximiliano is not capable enough and the possibility of success is too low. If he was really capable, Franz wouldn't mind giving him a hand.

  Facts have proved that the middle school boy cannot be messed with, even though Maximiliano is no longer young.

  What kind of weird brain came up with to refuse to go to Mexico on an Austrian warship to protest the family's lack of support for him?

  You know, this kind of escort also has political connotations, showing that the Habsburg family still stands behind him.

  With this alone, he can easily win over the support of the Germans in Mexico and the support of the Central American colonies. By the way, he can also fool a bunch of old people and children.

  At this time, Maximiliano ran to France. Of course, he slapped his brother in the face, but he also rejected the family's political resources in the Americas.

  Without these resources, he can only rely on the support of the French to ascend to power. It will not be so easy to get rid of the control of the French in the future.

  For Franz, this is also a good thing. There is no need to invest resources in it for the sake of the glory of the family.

  Britain, France and Spain are all eyeing Mexico, and Austria's further intervention will easily arouse everyone's hostility. What happened now, Austria just escaped.

  Instead of fighting for Mexico with so many people, it would be better to run Central America. At least to integrate this area, Austria has the final say when the Panama Canal will be opened.

  If possible, Franz would delay digging the canal for as long as possible. Without this canal, the east and west oceans of the United States are divided. If you want to take the sea route, you have to go around in a big circle, and you can't look at each other from end to end.

  Both commercial trade and national defense will be greatly affected.

  ...Napoleon III

  in Paris

  held a grand welcome ceremony for Maximiliano's arrival.

  It can be seen that he is very happy. The Mexican emperor who left the support of the Habsburg family is the Mexican emperor he needs.

  It was too easy for Napoleon III to deal with an idealist.

  He was not born into a high position. Napoleon III also struggled all the way and became the Emperor of France through his own hard work.

  In this alone, he surpassed all the monarchs of his time. If he had not gradually lost himself under a series of victories, he might have become one of the greatest emperors of France.

  The day after the banquet, Napoleon III and his cronies gathered together to exchange opinions.

  Regardless of the fact that these people have little sense of existence in history, it was this group of people who, together with Napoleon III, created the glory of France in the mid-19th century.

  Historically, France's second colonial empire was founded during this period, and the French Industrial Revolution was completed in their hands. This period was also the era when France's economy developed the fastest and people's living standards improved the fastest.

  Napoleon III asked: "What do you think of Maximiliano? Is he valuable to support?"

  Peliss replied: "Your Majesty, Maximiliano is like a spoiled child. He ran away like this. When we get to Paris, I guess the man   in Vienna will be very angry."

  Napoleon III smiled and said: "It's better to be angry, otherwise we might suffer a big loss with the Habsburg family's political methods."

Under Lanz's butterfly effect, Austria was reborn from the ashes, and naturally became a required course for monarchs of various countries.

  Combined with the development history of the Habsburg family, a book "Politics of the Habsburg Family" was compiled.

  The lower body empire can not only be achieved by marriage, but also requires political means.

  Otherwise, Europe would not have only the lower half empire of Habsburg.

  The marriages between the great nobles are complicated. The same stallion family is not only the Habsburg family, but only the Habsburg family can integrate an empire. The difference lies in political skills.

  Of course, being powerful in political means does not mean being powerful in military means. The two abilities seem to be inversely proportional.

  At its peak, the Habsburg family occupied a small half of the European continent, including: Spain, most of Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, the HRE, Hungary... The Habsburg colonial empire stretched from North Africa to

  Mexico , is the world's first empire on which the sun never sets, claiming to occupy half of the earth.

  This title is not an exaggeration. At its peak, half of the earth was within the sphere of influence of the Habsburg dynasty. It was just because of the times that it was unable to rule directly.

  However, such a behemoth was still defeated by the French. In the later period, the Habsburg dynasty was forced to divide in order to maintain its own rule.

  Being able to beat a good hand of cards to pieces is enough to prove that political strength does not mean military strength.

  At that time, the French were surrounded. As long as they didn't make super mistakes and relied on strength to overcome them, they could win.

  It is a pity that Charles V made frequent mistakes. Although he relied on his strong strength to win or lose, he lost completely strategically.

  Of course, the powerful Habsburgs could not afford to lose, but Charles V consumed too much wealth, and the subsequent heirs had a difficult time, and gradually lost their hegemony.

  Staff member Patty analyzed: "Your Majesty, even if the one at the Vienna Palace is willing to help, I'm afraid Maximiliano may not appreciate it.

  Having an excellent brother may be a good thing for ordinary people, but for a spoiled brother This may not be the case for children.

  Living in the shadow of his brother since he was a child, what Maximiliano wants to do most now is to do something big and prove his ability.

  But he will never have this opportunity if he stays in Austria, Fran It is impossible for Ci to not understand his younger brother, so all of Maximiliano's positions over the years have been empty titles."

  Napoleon III frowned and said: "This does not seem to be a good thing for us. Massimiliano If Miliano is too incompetent, even with our support, it will be very difficult for him to become the emperor of Mexico.

  Mexico is in a mess now, and ordinary people can't clean up the mess.

  I hope Maximiliano can inherit something The talent of the Habsburg family, otherwise we will be in big trouble later."

  This is the contradiction. On the one hand, the French need a puppet emperor who can facilitate them to manipulate Mexican politics and obtain maximum benefits from it;

  on the other hand, the French hope that the emperor has some ability to stabilize the situation in Mexico. Otherwise, how can they make money if they fight civil war every day?

  ...

  After some discussion and considering various factors, the French came to the conclusion: Maximiliano is worthy of support.

  As for the risk of failure being relatively high, there is nothing we can do about it. Only high investment will lead to high returns.

  Even if Mexico changes its rulers, it will not dare to rely on them. If you support a hero to come out, you may lose all your money.

  At the end of 1863, Maximiliano and his wife took a French warship and headed for the Mexican Empire.

  Franz, who was far away in Vienna, simply ignored it all. Except for the Empress Dowager Sophie who sent a telegram scolding Maximiliano, the remaining Habsburg members chose to watch indifferently.

  From the moment he left Vienna, Maximilian and his descendants were directly tacitly given up the inheritance rights of the Habsburg family.

  However, Maximiliano, who was writing a guide to court etiquette on a warship, did not seem to be affected. It seems that leaving the support of the Habsburg family is just an insignificant matter.

  Princess Charlotte felt a little uneasy, but Shen Qin, in the wonderful life of becoming a queen, did not mention her worries to her husband.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-358.Chapter 348 Interference with the Coalition (Added 4-1)-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 348 Intervening with the Allied Forces (plus 4-1)

  Maximiliano wanted to serve as Emperor of Mexico, which irritated many people's nerves.

  There is no need for domestic republican opposition, because it was the French who brought him to power, and many people within the constitutionalists were worried that the French's power would continue to expand, so they chose to wait and see.

  Before Maximiliano arrived in Mexico, Lincoln expressed his attitude against the French interference in Mexico's internal affairs and condemned the French for violating the Monroe Doctrine.

  These are all minor issues. They even interfered in the internal affairs of the United States. Who would take the Monroe Doctrine to heart? The French simply ignored Lincoln's protest.

  The Spanish have occupied the island of Haiti, Austria has extended its hands to Central America, and the British intend to regain the western region. Naturally, the French do not think there is anything wrong with plotting against Mexico.

  There is no direct annexation, but just supporting the rule of the puppet government. This is already paying great attention to the appearance. At least it looks more promising than Austria, which wants to turn Central American countries into autonomous provinces.

  Not only was the northern government opposed, but even the southern government was opposed to Maximiliano becoming emperor of Mexico. They were worried that the development of the Mexican Empire would harm their interests.

  Against this background, in March 1864, Maximiliano ascended the throne of Mexican Emperor, known in history as: Maximiliano I.

  Everyone's eyes were on the American Civil War, and they were not interested in the newly born Mexican emperor. This coronation ceremony can be said to be the worst in a century.

  The quality of the guests cannot be put on the table, so I won't talk about it. With such a long distance, we can't expect European nobles to make the trip in person. Even sending representatives will require travel expenses, right ?

  It doesn't matter if the scene is shabby, it's a ceremony anyway. In the end, it all depends on performance. Failure is called shabby, success is called cherishing the people's power.

  The key is that the Republicans are causing trouble. On the day of the coronation, they organized a massive parade to demand that the emperor get out.

  At the enthronement scene, several middle school boys wanted to disrupt the ceremony. Fortunately, the guards responded in time and stopped this bad behavior.

  This is considered a powerful Mexican faction, giving the emperor power. In this unique way, he told Maximiliano I: You are not popular. If you are smart, just cooperate with us.

  ...

  Shortly after Maximilianno ascended the throne, the North and the South launched a decisive battle.

  In mid-April 1864, at the junction of Pennsylvania and Ohio, the northern government assembled 420,000 troops and the southern government assembled 340,000 troops.

  The outcome of this battle will be directly related to the future direction of the United States.

  If the Northern government lost the battle, Pennsylvania would fall, and the Great Lakes industrial area would fall into the hands of the Southern government, leaving the Northern government basically powerless.

  On the contrary, if the southern government loses the war, the advantages they finally accumulated in the early stage will be lost.

  The northern government could use the power of victory to regain Ohio and Maryland, and then use its military superiority to overwhelm the southern government.

  The eyes of all countries are focused here. As bystanders, the North and the South will never be able to tell the winner. This is what everyone wants to see most.

  From the outbreak of the Civil War to the present, the total industrial output of the United States has dropped by 43%, and the output of agricultural products has dropped by 37%.

  In particular, the battlefield states of Ohio, Indiana, Kansas, Maryland, Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, and Kentucky suffered the heaviest losses.

  The total population of the United States has fallen below 30 million. The war has caused serious trauma to the country. It will not be able to return to pre-war levels for ten years. The states in the war zone will have to lick their wounds for the next 20 to 30 years.

  The worse the Americans fight, the greater the benefits will be for European countries. Not to mention the arms dealers, every one of them made a fortune.

  Other industries have also made great gains. Take Austria as an example: without the impact of the United States, a major grain exporting country, international grain prices have increased by 13%. As the largest exporter of agricultural products in Europe, it has naturally become the biggest winner.

  In addition to agricultural products, Austrian industrial and commercial products also appeared on the American market. The total export trade with the United States increased by 46% compared with before the war.

  Britain and France did not give in too much and used this opportunity to conquer cities and territories in the Americas, especially the southern governments with weak industry. Most of the industrial and commercial products currently used came from European countries.

  The northern states were not much better. After the economy transitioned to war, other civilian industrial and commercial products naturally decreased significantly, and the market was filled with European products.

  Don't look at Franz's hoarding of arms in advance to seize business opportunities. In fact, it was the British who gained the most economically.

  As the world's industrial hegemon, John Bull's exports of industrial and commercial products exceed the sum of all countries in the world, so it is natural that it becomes the biggest beneficiary.

  Since the four countries of Britain, France, Austria and Western Europe decided to reach an agreement on issues with the United States, the ministers of the four countries have often gathered together to exchange opinions, and occasionally there have been disputes.

  Drucker, the Austrian representative, suggested: "The critical moment has arrived for you. No matter who wins or loses in this battle, we must intervene.

  If we act too late and the two sides decide the winner, we will have to pay the price for intervention." It's not just a matter of time. I propose to immediately organize an intervention coalition and directly intervene in the American Civil War with force."

  French representative Alfried objected: "Your Excellency, it is too early for us to take action now. No matter who wins this time If we win the battle, we will suffer heavy losses, and we will not have the ability to comprehensively counterattack in the short term.

  This war will last for a long time, and using the civil war to consume as much American strength as possible is the best choice.

  If we end now, then Both the southern and northern governments have retained strong military strength, which is not conducive to our subsequent activities in North America."

  This is all a pretense. The key is that the French are concentrating on dealing with Mexican affairs. Now they want to send troops to intervene in the American Civil War, and they have too few troops.

  Interests are always linked to strength. The greater the strength that can be invested now, the greater the benefits that can be obtained after the war.

  We are all old powers. We don’t have a fuel-efficient lamp. We just want to take advantage without making any contribution. It’s better not to dream about such a good thing.

  What Alfred wants to do most now is to delay time, wait for them to free up their hands, and then intervene in the American Civil War in order to maximize their interests.

  Anyway, in his opinion, there is no difficulty at all for the four countries of Britain, France, and Australia to join forces to intervene in this civil war. Not to mention the United States, which is now severely weakened, even the United States, which is fully resurrected, cannot compete with the four countries at the same time.

  British representative Mario Liver said: "The American Civil War has reached this point, and both sides are already exhausted. It is unlikely that it will continue for a long time.

  If both sides had not been unable to hold on, there would not have been this decisive battle. From the battlefield Judging from the situation above, everyone is very clear that the preparations for this battle between the North and the South are very hasty.

  If you continue to wait, no one can guarantee what will happen next. In case the winner is decided, the North and the South will Did we compromise directly?

  As a third party, if we miss the best opportunity to intervene, how can everyone's interests be protected after the war?

  I support the plan proposed by Drucker. Now we must organize an intervention army immediately to avoid the situation. Expansion harms our interests."

  Two to one, the Spaniard's vote became the key to the decision. If they support the French, then the issue of two to two will still have to be discussed; otherwise, the minority will obey the majority and the proposal will be passed.

  Spanish Minister Francisco said: "As far as I know, the contacts between the governments of the north and the south have never been interrupted. In order to avoid the worst case scenario, I support the formation of an intervention force." Not surprisingly, Spanish Minister

  Francisco Made the choice that was in the best interest of oneself.

  If this intervention plan fails, most of the great causes of Britain, France and Austria will be lost, except Spain.

  Americans have long been eyeing Cuba, but Cuba is Spain's richest colony. It brings them a lot of wealth every year. They have no confidence in holding on to a unified United States.

  In the face of core interests, the Spaniards would never dare to take risks. Therefore, the Spanish were very active on the issue of splitting the United States. Even if Spain was full of internal conflicts, they also joined the intervention alliance. British Minister Mal Oliver continued:

  "Three to one, the proposal is approved. Now we summarize Check the number of troops sent by each country to ensure the smooth progress of the intervention.

  Great Britain can dispatch the American Fleet, including 5 ironclads, 16 sailing battleships, 38 other warships of various types, and 80,000 troops."

  This is almost the British force in North America . All mobile armed forces, it is obvious that they have spent a lot of money and are preparing to completely divide the United States.

  Austrian Minister Drucker thought for a while and said: "Our American fleet can also be dispatched, but in the west coast area, we now have 3 ironclads and more than 30 warships of various types, and the army can dispatch 50,000 people." This is the current situation in the

  Americas In this region, most of Austria's military forces would not have been able to provide so many troops if it had not been for domestic reinforcements not long ago.

  After all, Central America is still unstable, and the locally organized militia obviously cannot be moved. He could not interfere with the United States completely, and as a result, his colony was lost again.

  Spanish Minister Francisco said without confidence: "We can dispatch the Cuban fleet, with more than fifty warships of various types, including one ironclad, and we can mobilize an army of 70,000." There was no way, Spain was really in decline

  . If it were not for the sake of appearance, there would be no ironclad ship. As for the 70,000-strong army, this includes the army composed of local indigenous people, and its combat effectiveness is unknown.

  The three of them set their sights on Alfrid. France was the main force in the intervention coalition forces. In the past, he boasted a lot, but now it was up to them to show off.

  After hesitating for a moment, Alfred made a decision: "We can dispatch the American Fleet, which has more than fifty warships of various types, including three ironclads, and the army can dispatch 60,000 people." In any case, France's

  face Can't throw it away. At worst, the issue of Mexico is postponed. This operation is directly related to the division of interests in the Americas after the war.

  The American back garden will soon become the hunting ground of the four countries. No, it is already everyone's hunting ground. All that is needed is a treaty to divide the spheres of influence of each country.

  　The old debt has been paid off, and I still owe Mao Xiong 3 updates

  (end of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-359. Chapter 349 Mutual Defense Treaty-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 349: Mutual Defense Treaty

  While the interventionist coalition forces were being secretly formed, the American Civil War continued. If they know that whoever wins will face the suppression of the four major powers, they don't know that the North and the South are not so interested.

  Of course, this is just a thought. The war has reached this point, and both the North and the South have no choice but to continue fighting.

  Thinking about it from another perspective, with the four major powers taking care of the situation, even if you lose, you don't have to lose your pants, and your mentality will probably be at peace.

  At the beginning of the war, all countries supported the southern government. After the southern government gained the upper hand, everyone was selling arms to the northern government in the blink of an eye.

  It is precisely because of everyone's balancing act between the north and the south that the civil war has been able to reach this point. Otherwise, if the four countries support one side with all their strength, the winner will probably be decided in the first year .

  Piecing together, Britain, France, Ossia and Western countries gathered hundreds of warships and 260,000 troops. If this was not prepared in advance, no one would believe it.

  This is only the mobile force that can be used, not the full strength of the four countries in America.

  If they really go all out, not to mention Britain, France and Spain, which have been operating for many years, even Austria, which has just established a foothold in the Americas, can muster hundreds of thousands of soldiers.

  All the people in the colonies were soldiers. This was the reason why the major European colonial empires were able to develop and grow. Otherwise, the British would have to cry to death just by relying on government troops to defend the colonies?

  How can the British Empire Army, with a standing army of only a few hundred thousand, defend more than 30 million square kilometers of land?

  Including this time the British sent 80,000 troops, most of which came from the Canadian colonies. The cost of deploying troops from within the country was too high.

  After receiving the news of the intervention in the establishment of the coalition forces in Vienna, Franz canceled the plan to mobilize troops from Africa and Southeast Asia.

  The strength of the intervening coalition forces is enough to overturn the balance of power between the two sides. After all, no matter who wins or loses, it is impossible to kill the opponent in a short time.

  The losers have four countries cheering them on, and the chance to make a comeback is right in front of them. No matter what, they won't just give in!

  Historically, the southern government failed rapidly in the later period, mainly because the intervention troops that had been waiting so hard did not appear, and everyone saw no hope of victory, so they surrendered to the northern government.

  This is evidenced by the fact that none of the top leaders of Southern government were liquidated after the war, as evidenced by their role in the late Civil War.

  Don't think that the elite divisions of the North and the South are very good despite the fact that the civil war has been going on for several years.

  In fact, this elite is all relative, and it has indeed made great progress compared to before the outbreak of the civil war. But from a global perspective, the US military is still not enough.

  There was no way, the losses in the war were too great, and the soldiers were replaced one after another. There is already a shortage of grassroots officers, and they are being lost so quickly that there is no time to train them.

  Unqualified junior officers and too many new recruits are common problems faced by both the North and the South. Originally, at the beginning of the war, the southern government's military advantage in combat effectiveness was gradually being evened out during the war.

  Now, it doesn't matter who wins or loses between the North and the South. In short, none of them will be winners.

  Franz thought for a while and said: "Send an order to Governor Hummel as quickly as possible and order him to speed up the organization of immigrants from the United States. It will be difficult to deal with it when the war is over." " Yes, Your Majesty!" Colonial Secretary

  Yossi P. Jelacic replied that

  Austria is not the only one doing the poaching in the United States. Britain, France and Spain are also deceiving immigrants in the United States, but the intensity is not so strong.

  Before the introduction of the Homestead Act, Austria had almost no problem deceiving immigrants. The main factors restricting the speed of immigration at that time were: lack of boats and the time required for resettlement.

  In this era, the Americas were vast and sparsely populated, and the colonies of various countries were short of immigrants. Colonial empires with strong learning abilities followed suit.

  After Lincoln enacted the Homestead Act, many people hesitated. Since you can get land by staying in the United States, why go out and take risks?

  Even if he has to serve in the military, can he be replaced by someone else? Many labor export companies have the business of serving as soldiers. You only need to pay two hundred US dollars to avoid going to the battlefield.

  At this point in the Civil War, there are more than half a million black soldiers on the battlefield, and both the North and the South have organized large numbers of black armies.

  Of course, poor people without money are still the main force of immigrants. Not only could they not afford to hire people for military service, they also had no money to cultivate land.

  After all, farming requires costs. You can’t buy seeds if you don’t have money. Austria also provides interest-free loan services.

  If anyone keeps statistics, they will find that paying people to serve as substitutes has almost become mainstream since 1864. In some states, black recruits already outnumber white recruits.

  If in a certain battle, you find that most of the warring parties are black soldiers, don't panic. This is just normal operation.

  It is not without reason that state governments organized a large number of black soldiers. The biggest advantage is that you can sign an employment contract with a labor service company, so you don't have to worry about conscription, and you don't have to worry about heavy casualties or family troubles.

  Everyone is elected by the people. In the face of cruel casualties, the people are unwilling to serve, and they cannot force people to serve unless they don't want the votes.

  As a good governor and good congressman who serve the people, they can just turn a blind eye. If they really don’t have enough people, the state government can hire people from labor companies.

  Both the federal government and the federal government have limited authority. If the states are willing to gather enough people, they are giving face to the central government. They still want to be picky. Do you believe that everyone is non-violent and non-cooperative?

  For specific reference, you can refer to the fact that during the most brutal period of the American Civil War, prisons in every state were already empty. In order to get enough people, the bureaucrats worked hard.

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg said: "Your Majesty, according to the intelligence we have received, European countries have plans to colonize the African continent. Napoleon III is preparing to convene an international conference to carve up the African continent."

  The history of carving up the African continent is ahead of schedule, which is not good news for Austria. Prior to this, there were only two companies in France and Austria that focused on the African continent.

  In addition, the French were conducting colonial expansion along North Africa, and there was a desert barrier in the middle. The conflict between France and Austria on the African continent was not serious.

  If an international conference were held to attract countries from all over the world, it would be impossible for Austria to keep silent and make a fortune.

  Franz asked doubtfully: "Do you know the purpose of the French?"

  Because of historical reasons, the African continent has always been known as the "Poisonous Insect Continent". European countries do not pay attention to the African continent, and many people regard it as a barbaric place. land.

  Franz was unwilling to colonize Africa if there were better options. It's a pity that the world has been divided up, and only this last continent is left.

  At present, France and Austria have invested the most in the African continent and have gained the most benefits.

  It is obviously not in the interest of the French to convene an international conference now to pierce this window paper and attract all European countries to the African continent.

  No one wants to see an increase in the number of people sharing the cake. Without entering the table, everyone will rely on their own methods. If France and Austria join forces with a tacit understanding and eliminate competitors, it is not impossible to divide the African continent into two parts.

  Weisenberg analyzed: "It's not certain yet. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs speculates that this may be related to the Italian issue.

  After annexing the Kingdom of Sardinia, the French have a difficult time internationally, and all countries have stepped up their defenses against them.

  Now . By throwing out the African continent, it is very likely that the Paris government wants to divert everyone's diplomatic attention and reduce everyone's wariness against them."

  This is the sequelae of being too capable. Napoleon III only annexed a small kingdom of Sardinia. , caused uneasiness in the international community, and had a greater impact than Franz's reconstruction of the Shinra Empire.

  I don’t know whether Napoleon III should be proud or cry. Being stared at like this every day makes it difficult to do anything!

  The Anti-French Alliance has always been a sharp knife hanging over their heads. Once the line is crossed, this long-disbanded alliance may be resurrected at any time.

  If nothing else, just look at the reactions of the neighbors and you will understand everything.

  Spain has deployed 100,000 troops on the border between the two countries, which is the sixth level of their own strength.

  Belgium deployed 30,000 troops to defend against the French, which was almost 70% of their total domestic strength. It seemed that they were mentally prepared to welcome the French invasion.

  As a neutral country, Switzerland also has a large number of reserves on standby at the border between the two countries, and it is not even that prepared against the feuding Habsburg dynasty.

  The Kingdom of Prussia has deployed 120,000 troops in the Rhineland, and there are about 150,000 militia reserves there, which is more than the Russian-Austrian border combined.

  Austria deployed 100,000 troops in Lombardy and 50,000 troops in Württemberg. The combined militia reserves of these two kingdoms exceeded 500,000.

  Because the German Federal Empire's armies belong to the governments of each state, and the federal government does not have the right to mobilize, there are only the armies of the border states in the French border areas.

  However, they have signed a joint defense treaty with Austria, Belgium, Prussia, and Spain. Once the French invade, everyone will join forces to beat them.

  It is said that the Swiss are ready to join the Joint Defense Treaty, but they are worried that they will lose their status as a neutral country after joining it, so they have been slow to act.

  Looking at this situation, you can see how miserable the French people are. The neighbors are on guard against them as if they were bandits. Are they still far away from the Anti-French Alliance?

  The above are all the sequelae of France's annexation of the Kingdom of Sardinia. The surrounding countries directly formed an iron wall, cutting off the possibility of their continued expansion.

  As for the black hand who led the establishment of this alliance, there is no doubt that it is the British. As a European troublemaker, how could he not cause trouble?

  Originally, Franz was not prepared to join. With Austria's strength, even if it did not join forces with other countries for defense, it was not afraid of the French.

  Later, it was considered that Napoleon III might have a seizure. If a fight suddenly broke out, it would be good to have a few more allies to share the pressure.

  Not only did the British formulate a joint defense treaty against the French, but Austria also enjoyed the same treatment, except that the only contracting parties were Prussia and the German Federal Empire.

  The series allowed European countries to unite for defense. This was John Bull's method to restrict the expansion of France, Austria and Russia.

  It's just that the existence of the Russian-Austrian Alliance has directly freed the two countries from this restriction, and the French alone enjoy the supreme treatment targeted by their neighbors.

  It is not easy to break up this alliance. Everyone is just uniting for defense and does not have any offensive plan. If you take rash action, it is likely to irritate everyone's sensitive nerves and cause immeasurable consequences.

  Franz asked uncertainly: "You mean that the French are prepared to use the interests of the African continent to provoke conflicts among countries, thereby breaking the siege of them?"

  Foreign Minister Weissenberg replied: "No, I I think the French are just sending us a signal.

  The interests on the African continent are so great, I don’t think the French will be willing to throw them out easily.

  Moreover, there are not many countries among the mutual defense parties that have the strength to carve up Africa. Even if we are There is a conflict of interest on the colonial issue, which is not worth mentioning in the face of homeland security.

  This joint defense network looks very powerful, but in fact as long as we withdraw, the remaining countries will not be a threat even if they unite The French.

  Rather than expending great efforts to deal with neighboring countries, it would be easier for us to withdraw directly. The French cannot fail to see this.

  Now that they have released this signal, it is very likely that they will lead us to come to discuss this series of problem."

  This is a conspiracy. The French are betting that the Vienna government cannot give up the interests of the European continent.

  Regardless of Austria's rapid expansion in the African continent, compared to the entire African continent, it still only occupies a small part of it, and its actual control area is less than one-fifth of the African continent.

  This is very much like the style of Napoleon III. All the way to the present, Napoleon III has gambled a lot.

  Now this kind of sure-win gambling is nothing at all. Austria really cannot give up the interests of the African continent. It doesn’t take much, as long as there are five more years, Franz can complete the strategic layout of the African continent.

  "Then the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will first contact the French. As long as the interests are suitable, there is nothing that cannot be discussed."

  Franz said calmly. He is not a person who cannot afford to lose. Moreover, Austria is not a loser yet. As long as the desired benefits are obtained, the process is not important.

  It is also a good choice for France and Austria to join forces to carve up the African continent. As for the mutual defense treaty, whether that thing can be effective or not depends on interests. At worst, it will be canceled when the time is up.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-360.Chapter 350 Crimes other than war-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 350 Crimes other than war

  Plans can never keep up with changes. The American Civil War, which was originally thought to be over soon, was still in a stalemate in 1864.

  A battle involving hundreds of thousands of troops cannot be fought in a day or two. Neither the North nor the South could afford to lose the war. The commanders on both sides were mature and prudent commanders, and the battle directly turned into a war of attrition.

  The southern army has slightly stronger combat effectiveness, but the northern army has more people. On a front of more than 100 kilometers, the two sides fought many fierce battles, but the results were mutually exclusive. Generally speaking, they were evenly matched.

  The power of the butterfly effect is powerful. With the help of various countries, the southern government is strengthened and the northern government is weakened. One increase and one decrease are directly reflected on the battlefield.

  In New York, looking at the telegram asking for help in his hand, President Lincoln almost collapsed. This is the Nth time he has asked for reinforcements. Since the beginning of the decisive battle, he has received three or four telegrams asking for reinforcements basically every week.

  Who would say again: use strong national power to fight a war of attrition with the opponent and drag down the rebels to death. Lincoln would definitely go up and slap him a few times.

  Industrial advantages. With the support of the great powers, does the North really still have industrial advantages?

  The rebels in the south have limited industrial manufacturing capabilities, so why can't they buy them?

  Now the northern government cannot blockade the southern ports. The navies of both sides have fought many fierce battles, and the northern navy still cannot win.

  The economic advantage is even more nonsense. Do you really think that all capitalists are patriots and can selflessly sacrifice their families for the country?

  Class interests are not equal to personal interests. Making money is the first priority. As long as you make money, who cares if the United States is divided?

  Capital without borders is not a joke, it is a reality. As long as they make money, they can still live a very prosperous life even if they leave the United States.

  On the contrary, selfless dedication to support the federal government won the war, and finally it was time to divide the spoils: Sorry, this is an era where strength speaks for itself.

  Although the northern government has a larger economy, the southern government is not much worse than them in terms of the wealth it can actually mobilize.

  At least the cotton bonds of the South were more popular in the international capital market than the war bonds of the North. In order to support the southern government, Britain, France and Ossi accepted many bonds from the southern government.

  It's different when it comes to the northern government. It will either pay in foreign currency or gold and silver. What is a US dollar? Everyone doesn't know it?

  In the end, it was tragically discovered that the real advantage of the northern government was its large number of people, and it could fight the southern government for lives.

  However, this advantage is not without limitations. If the losses are too heavy, war-weariness among the people will rise.

  Since the beginning of the decisive battle, on average, the Northern government troops have lost one regiment of troops every day on the battlefield. Processing telegrams from the front line asking for help has become President Lincoln's daily job.

  President Lincoln looked haggard and asked: "My Secretary of War, please tell me how long this battle will last?"

  Secretary of War Simon Kammer thought for a while and said: "I'm sorry, President, only God knows this question. All I know is that we can't take risks now. The federal government can't afford to lose this battle .”

  Secretary of State Safar added: "Then can the casualties be reduced? According to the current loss rate, the rebels are probably suppressed, and neither is the United States. The future."

  Because of Franz's butterfly effect, as soon as the war broke out, a large number of weapons and equipment were sold to the warring governments of the north and the south, and both sides expanded their armies faster than the same period in history.

  Matching this, the training time of soldiers has been greatly reduced. On average, the training time of each soldier is less than 40 days. During the most critical period, federal government soldiers were sent to the battlefield in less than a week of training.

  The sequelae are the casualties on both sides, which exceed those of the same period in history. The massive loss of young people has threatened the rule of the federal government.

  Secretary of War Semen Kamimei explained: "The state governments have used criminals, gangsters, and a large number of colored soldiers to make up the numbers, but we have not pursued them. The quality of the soldiers is not up to standard, and the casualties will inevitably increase,

  at least We have reduced the death rate of white soldiers."

  Lincoln immediately interrupted: "Sir, don't say this anymore, they are all Union soldiers, there is no racial distinction, you know!" There are

  some things that can be done, but Can't say it. Political correctness has also emerged in the United States in this era.

  …

  Richmond, President Jefferson Davis faced the same problem, and brutal casualties exhausted southern governments.

  The lack of human resources has become the biggest problem for the southern government. Although labor export companies are active, these cheap laborers from the African continent are not easy to use and must undergo rigorous training before they can become qualified laborers.

  He would not mind stopping the war immediately if the northern government was willing to compromise. If the fight continues, it will be difficult for the southern government, which lacks manpower, to defeat the northern government.

  Of course, they are not afraid of the northern government. If they fight to the end, they can still drag the northern government with them. At least they think they can do it.

  In less than four years, the total population of the United States dropped by 5% due to the Civil War. This was based on the influx of large numbers of Asians and blacks.

  The northern government straddles the East and West oceans and takes advantage of the opportunity to receive Asian immigrants, while the southern government receives mostly African immigrants due to its geographical location.

  There are currently at least 400,000 active black soldiers fighting for the southern government, and the total number of black soldiers who have died exceeds 250,000.

  In order to encourage slave owners to take black slave soldiers to the battlefield, the federal government also offered double compensation. After all, well-trained black slaves made excellent cannon fodder, and the newly arrived black laborers were still unruly.

  In order to boost the morale of black soldiers, at Robert Lee's insistence, the Confederate government released black slave soldiers from slavery. Huge rewards were also offered, for example: for every two enemy soldiers killed, a black slave would be rewarded, or equivalent wealth.

  The direct sequelae is that in the army composed of black soldiers, there are almost no prisoners.

  President Jefferson Davis asked with concern: "Mr. Robert, have the British agreed to send troops to intervene?"

  A snake has no head. As the most influential person in the intervention alliance, John Bull deservedly became the leader.

  Now that the North and the South are in a stalemate, it is a good time to intervene. As soon as the intervention coalition forces appeared, the balance of power between the two sides was instantly broken.

  Even if one of the countries takes action, it can be the straw that breaks the camel's back and upset the balance of power between the North and the South.

  Secretary of State Robert frowned and said: "The British still want to watch us kill each other. Anyway, the war has reached this point and there is no winner.

  Our casualties in this battle have reached 380,000, of which 110,000 were killed. ; The northern government is approaching 600,000, with at least 180,000 killed.

  Even if we win this battle, we will not be able to continue to expand our results in a short period of time. The northern government is not much better, and everyone cannot continue the fight. ."

  Vice President Alexander objected: "I'm afraid this is not necessarily the case. The biggest impact of a battle is on the morale of the military, not just on the number of casualties. No matter how

  heavy the casualties are, the winner will have at least hundreds of thousands of mobile troops. As long as the morale and morale of the military are strong. , continuous operations can also be persisted.

  At that time, the losers can only rely on the intervention coalition forces. Only by taking action at critical moments can they gain the greatest benefits." This is a

  fact. An army with high morale can often defeat an army with low morale several times. army. After the great battle, hundreds of thousands of troops were able to influence the outcome of the civil war.

  However, this does not threaten the intervening coalition forces. With more than 200,000 fresh troops joining in, the situation on the battlefield can be reversed in an instant. For the greater good, the British are naturally willing to wait until the outcome is determined before taking action.

  This is the difference between reality and theory. Theoretically, the total strength of the northern government is only two million, and the total strength of the southern government is more than one million. The intervening coalition forces have only more than 200,000 and will not have much effect at all.

  In fact, the total strength of troops is not equal to the strength that can be put into combat. The first thing each state must ensure is its own security, rather than putting all of them into combat.

  Secondly, there are combat-effective troops. Take the northern government as an example. If half of the more than two million troops were the main force, they could crush the south two or three times.

  As for the actual situation, not to mention half of the main force, not even one-tenth of the main force. Except for the hundreds of thousands of troops who are more capable of fighting, the rest are just a mob.

  You can't expect a 16,000-strong rookie army to fight a civil war in two waves and train a million elites in less than four years.

  Historically, the outcome of the battle between the North and the South was often determined by the scale of the battle involving tens of thousands of people. If both sides were seeking stability and were reluctant to invest elite troops, such a large-scale battle would not have occurred.

  After a moment of silence, Jefferson Davis said: "Contact secretly with the northern government and explain the situation to them. If you don't want the British to take advantage, recognize our independence and end this war." Secretary of State Robert shook his head and

  said : "There is probably no hope. We can indeed minimize the losses through private negotiations, but the politicians in the northern government cannot bear this responsibility. I don't think they will be willing to risk their political lives just because they are patriotic, or

  even I will suffer revenge from the capitalists in the future."

  This is a real problem, and selfless people will always be in the minority. Historically, after the southern government was at a disadvantage, didn't these people become traitors for their own interests?

  Expecting the northern government to be selfless patriots is no better than the odds of winning the lottery.

  The armed intervention of foreign powers caused the division of the federal government, and politicians could still blame it.

  In this era, the European powers were powerful. Their failure was not because they were incompetent, but because their enemies were too powerful, which was completely a crime other than war.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-361. Chapter 351 The Most Valuable and the Least Valuable-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 351 The Most Valuable and the Least Valuable

  In Central America, after three years of management, Governor Hummel has almost wiped out the powerful local factions.

  Those who are willing to accept the incorporation will naturally continue to hold high positions, and those who are stubborn and resistant will naturally be harmonized. Austria has accumulated rich experience in this regard.

  Take Nicaragua as an example. There are more than 300,000 people in the country, most of whom are Indians. There are only tens of thousands of white immigrants and mixed-race people. How can we fight against Austria?

  All countries in Central America are similar. The land is not vast and the people are sparsely populated. If they went to fight guerrillas, the local Indian tribes would wipe them out without Austria taking action.

  The Habsburg family was also their co-owner, and their ancestors also paid allegiance to Charles V. To put it a bit far-fetched, there is still a bit of legal system, and the strong fist has suppressed the dissatisfaction, and the remaining people have always supported the rule of Emperor Franz.

  The interests of ordinary people have not been harmed, so there is no need to talk about hatred.

  The main reason for the independence that year was because Spain was crippled by the French. The mine owners and capitalists did not want to pay taxes to Spain. The bureaucrats wanted greater rights, so they followed the trend and followed the independence.

  Maybe we can't use "we". How can a small country have so many capitalists and mine owners? In fact, even if one or several families wanted to be independent, otherwise Central America would not be divided into so many countries.

  It doesn't matter now. With the influx of immigrants, even if some people are unwilling, they can't make waves.

  In the Central American Governor's Palace in San Jose, John Radford, Foreign Affairs Officer of the Immigration Bureau, reported: "Your Excellency, Governor, Colombia has refused immigrants from entering the Panama region. They also require immigrants to be dispersed and resettled and not to be gathered together." There is no doubt that since Mexico

  , After paying an IQ tax to Americans, everyone learned their lesson and became wary of immigrants.

  Colombia naturally lacks immigrants. Panama has not yet become independent. It now has a territory of more than 1.2 million square kilometers and a population of just over 2 million, of which there are about 100,000 in Panama.

  If there are no restrictions on immigration, who knows when the Republic of Colombia will change its owners?

  This is also the reason why South American countries have not developed. Because the native population is too small, we dare not accept a large number of immigrants rashly.

  Take the Republic of Colombia as an example. It only takes four to five million immigrants to turn them into a German country.

  In this context, of course everyone must be vigilant. The refusal of German immigrants to enter Panama was due to the fear that Austria would turn this area into a colony that day.

  There is nothing to criticize. Governor Hummel is indeed trying to control the Panama region. He can't let people resist, right?

  The most suitable area in Central America for digging a canal is Panama. This is an indispensable part of Austria's American strategy and must be in hand.

  Governor Hummel asked: "Didn't the congressmen we bought help speak up?"

  In this era, corruption is a common feature of all countries, especially in emerging republics like Colombia, where there is a mixed bag.

  Immigration officer John Radford explained: "Our public relations activities have been resisted by external forces. It is initially judged that the British are behind it, and the French may also be involved. Many pro-British MPs openly opposed it, and they

  raised The Austrian threat theory believes that once we gain a foothold in Latin America, we will inevitably expand, and Colombia will bear the brunt."

  Hummel had nothing to say. He admitted that he was interested in Colombia. Although he did not have a clear plan, he told There is already talk of expansion in the District of Columbia.

  There is no other reason than that Colombia is too weak. In this era of predatory times, it is not surprising that we have become everyone's prey.

  Of course, it is impossible to directly attack the Republic of Colombia. The high cost of fighting such a war in South America would be enough to prohibit the Vienna government.

  Austria is not Spain. If Franz is the king of Spain, then there is no need to say that he will definitely fight back to South America.

  In this era, the feudal cancer has not been completely eradicated. Royalist forces exist in various countries in South America. These people can re-establish their rule as long as they kill the enemy militarily.

  Then even if the cost of war is a little higher, it is worth it in exchange for a larger development space.

  Austria should forget it. Hispanics and Germans are two completely different ethnic groups. If you want to gain their recognition, you can't do it like you do with Central American countries.

  First, we must use force to cripple them and establish rule by force, and then organize a large number of immigrants to dilute them into ethnic minorities.

  After hesitating for a moment, Governor Hummel made a decision: "Bribbe local officials in Panama to create an established fact of immigration. Forging immigration status can be done by

  France, Britain, Spain, Belgium, the Netherlands, etc. Send someone to take care of it. , these immigrants must be resettled. If they

  cannot be resettled in Panama, they will be resettled in the interior of Colombia, and the government will fund the purchase of land for them.

  If someone causes trouble for us, we will find a way to kill it. This is related to our future national policy and cannot be tolerated. Anyone sabotage it."

  This is not the first batch of immigrants Austria has sent to Colombia. It's just that it was all a small fuss, transporting tens of thousands of people every year. Because of the American Civil War, everyone just treated them as normal immigrants and did not attract the attention of the Colombian government.

  As time went by, the number of immigrants increased sharply, and this covert immigration activity was exposed.

  The number of Germans has increased dramatically, accounting for one-fifth of the white population. If no restrictions are imposed, more than half of the population will be just around the corner.

  Oh, don’t think that one-fifth is a large number. In fact, it is only tens of thousands of people. The population base is small and there is no way.

  In Panama alone, there are now 20,000 Germans. The Colombian government reacted and naturally stopped them.

  You must know that the total population of Panama is only around 100,000, and Germans account for almost one-fifth of it. This is one-fifth of the total population in the region, not just one-fifth of the white immigrants, but more than the rest of the white immigrants combined.

  In theory, local governance would fall into German hands within ten years. This is a characteristic of a country with democratic elections. The ethnic group with more votes will naturally have an advantage.

  John Radford replied: "Okay, Your Excellency Governor, our Immigration Bureau will do our best to complete it."

  Governor Hummel nodded and sighed again. If the American Civil War was not about to end, he would not be willing to make such a big move.

  It is easy to resettle immigrants, but it is difficult to resettle them. The land in the Americas is not valuable. However, it is not just a matter of dividing a piece of land. It must also ensure the normal life of immigrants.

  In less than four years, Central America has resettled 380,000 immigrants and sent more than 60,000 immigrants to Colombia. This is an incredible achievement.

  Now is the last wave of immigration. Once the Civil War is over, all walks of life in the United States will be in ruins, and opportunities will come for everyone. The number of people who want to leave will definitely decrease significantly.

  Forced as a last resort, Hummel had no choice but to make big moves. Not only had this started, the Colombian government discovered it.

  Regardless, the immigration strategy was successful. Austria's rule in Central America was established, and the people who obtained the land became the basis of rule.

  By the time the last wave of immigration is over, the number of local Germans will exceed half a million. This number has exceeded 20% of the total population and is 1.5 times the number of other white immigrants in the local area.

  If the Vienna government is willing, it can immediately create a Central American kingdom.

  Of course, Franz would definitely not do this. Even if he wanted to support a kingdom, that would be a matter of the future.

  Having just experienced a civil war is enough for the American people to reflect on it for twenty years, during which they should be quite content.

  ...

  Governor Hummel asked: "Mr. Klaus, how much revenue will we have this year, and how much will the fiscal deficit increase?" It was a

  strategic success, but it was a serious economic loss. Even though the colonial government worked very hard, Central America was quite wealthy, but with the bottomless pit of immigrants, government revenue was really not enough to fill it.

  Director of Finance Klaus calculated and said: "This year's fiscal revenue is about 7 million Aegis, an increase of 21% compared to last year. The main revenue is minerals and tariffs, and transaction taxes are also growing at a very fast rate. Fast.

  This year’s fiscal deficit will depend on the number of immigrants. Basically all immigrants have applied for interest-free fees. Although they have to pay back the money themselves, we still have to bear the interest. Preliminary estimates are that this year’s fiscal

  deficit The deficit will be between 6 million and 7 million Aegis. If we want to launch an attack on the indigenous tribes, we will have to increase the military expenditure by 700,000 Aegis." The fiscal deficit is as high as 100%. It is estimated that few countries would dare to ask for

  such a colony. No way, this is the price of great immigration.

  An interest-free loan of 200 Aegis per person, for 100,000 immigrants, would be 20 million Aegis. Even if the bank gives the government face an annual interest rate of 3%, the interest would still be 600,000 Aegis every year.

  Not counting other expenses, the interest cost alone is an astronomical figure. Fortunately, it only takes two years. If the time is longer, the colonial government will definitely not be able to bear it.

  Hummel calculated and said: "This is the last year of large-scale immigration, and the loan interest expenses will only last two years at most.

  Starting next year, there will be no immigration and resettlement expenses. Mr. Claus, you Calculate when we can achieve balance of payments and how long it will take to recover the investment."

  It is no wonder that Governor Hummel does not care. For the Central American colonies, the Vienna government has invested tens of millions of Aegis. At present, Still continuing to invest.

  It can be called the most expensive colony opened by Austria, but the benefits are not so optimistic.

  In addition to mining several tons of gold and 180 tons of silver every year, we can only sell timber and export some agricultural products.

  The mining value of resources such as copper, iron, lead, zinc, and aluminum is not high at present, and it is difficult to sell raw ore at a high price in the international market.

  If you want to refine industrial finished products, forget it. This again required the investment of large sums of money, and the colonial government was not so heroic.

  Planting cash crops, mining precious metals, and selling industrial raw materials is the correct path for the colonial economy.

  Klaus thought for a while and said: "After the immigration work is completed, it will take another five years to initially achieve balance of payments.

  To recover the capital cost, this time is a bit long, it may take twenty years, or even It may take longer."

  This was a big problem faced by the colonial government. The high investment in the Central American colonies had aroused a lot of opposition at home.

  Unlike the development of African colonies, there were many domestic beneficiaries and the losses were not so serious.

  There were only a small number of immigrants from the Central American colonies, and most of them were immigrants from the United States. These people were the beneficiaries.

  Many people within the government are criticizing the Central American strategy and demanding that the forces invested in Central America be withdrawn and invested in the African continent.

  However, due to Franz's strong request, he was suppressed. However, the voices attacking the colonial governments of Central America have never stopped. Hummel urgently needs to make achievements to prove to everyone the correctness of opening up Central American colonies.

  It is very difficult to achieve this. First of all, the strategic value cannot be reflected in the short term. Otherwise, not many people would have opinions.

  In terms of economic value, it is a pity that it is still at a net loss. Even after calculating hidden gains, the colonial government was still in the red.

  It cannot even provide industrial raw materials to the country. There is no shortage of industrial raw materials produced in these areas in Austria.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-362. Chapter 352 The Junkers' Abacus-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 352: The Junkers' Calculation

  At Schönbrunn Palace, Franz was still waiting for the outcome of the American Civil War. As for the controversy caused by the high expenses of the Central American colonies, he did not pay attention to it at all.

  The wool comes from the sheep, and without the Central American colonies, Austria would not have been able to make large profits from the American Civil War, which were now spent on the construction of the Central American colonies.

  Since Americans paid the bill, why should he feel bad?

  Being able to acquire Central America and drive a nail into the American back garden is already a huge profit.

  Although the Panama region has not been acquired, its influence has already spread. Franz's goal is just to delay the opening of the Panama Canal and cause damage, and it does not necessarily require occupying land.

  If you stand at different heights, your way of looking at problems will naturally be different. Franz's definition of overseas colonies has always been: the current source of raw materials + market, and the radiation circle of Austria's economic + political power in the future.

  In fact, the British have done a good job in this regard, and the strategic concept of the Commonwealth is still very successful. The only problem is that the United States and the Soviet Union are too powerful, and Britain has declined.

  Weakness is the original sin. If Britain is not strong enough, the Commonwealth will naturally not be able to play its expected role. However, some economic and political benefits are still retained, which is better than nothing.

  Austria can definitely follow suit. The unique system of the Holy Roman Empire is naturally prepared for this situation.

  The enfeoffment of states or autonomous provinces not only took into account the interests of all parties, but also maintained the unity of the country. As long as the central government is strong enough, the empire is unbreakable.

  ...

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg said: "Your Majesty, I have just received news that a large-scale rebellion occurred in Russian Poland three days ago." The Russian

  Empire launched a rebellion, which can only be regarded as a trivial matter. Since the reforms of Alexander II, this has happened almost every year.

  If it were a rebellion in Poland, the situation would be different. Since the three countries carved up Poland, the Polish issue has become an issue closely related to Russia, Austria and Prussia.

  Poland was also once awesome, but when people are proud, they tend to drift away. There is no doubt that Poland has drifted away, and the German region and Russia have become their hunting grounds.

  When Poland was strong, it didn't matter. But unfortunately, in the late 18th century, the Kingdom of Poland declined, and its good neighbor Russia became strong again.

  Under the influence of hatred + interests, the three countries of Russia, Prussia and Austria decided to carve up Poland and solve this enemy once and for all. The awesome big wave was destroyed.

  As the leading brother, Russia seized 62% of Polish territory, occupying approximately 460,000 square kilometers; Prussia seized 20% of Polish territory, occupying approximately 141,100 square kilometers; Austria seized 18% of Polish territory, occupying approximately 121,800 square kilometers square kilometers.

  Since they have an awesome history, the Poles naturally cannot tolerate being ruled by the Three Kingdoms. After entering the 19th century, the Polish independence movement was also an important part of European history.

  At this time, it is time to test the governance capabilities of various countries. There is no doubt that the Prussians have been engaged in the Germanization movement for decades, and Austria is also engaged in national integration. Russia, which did nothing, was shot .

  Having obtained the largest land and population in Poland without digesting it, coupled with the decadent rule of the Tsarist government, Russian Poland became the base camp of the independent Polish movement.

  However, rebellions are also contagious. Although Austrian Poland has been very stable, close attention is necessary.

  Franz asked: "Are there any foreign forces involved?"

  No one on the European continent was willing to see the tsarist government's reforms succeed, including Austria. A decadent Russian Empire was in the interests of all parties.

  The most typical example is during the reform period of the tsarist government, when raising funds from the outside world was resisted by the capital market. In addition to the poor credibility of the tsarist government, the political stance of various countries is also an important factor .

  With the existence of the Russian-Austrian Alliance, Austria will not stab the Russians directly, but this is not necessarily the case for other European countries, especially Russia's mortal enemy John Bull.

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg replied: "Yes, and it is not just one. Based on the intelligence we have collected, it can be preliminarily judged that Britain and France have funded Polish independent organizations, and the Prussian government has also provided help to them. In addition, there are many

  European The country has secretly provided convenience to the Polish independence organizations.

  Recently, the Polish independence organizations have been very active and are looking for diplomatic support. There are also Polish independent organizations in the country, and the anti-Russian faction has provided them with cover." Franz rubbed his

  hand Rubbing his forehead, it turned out to be true. I have to admire the Russians' ability to incite hatred. Even with the Russian-Austrian Alliance, the anti-Russian faction in Austria is still very powerful.

  It can be said that if he changes his pro-Russian diplomatic stance today, anti-Russian factions can become the mainstream in Austria tomorrow.

  This is the fault of the Russians themselves. After the Russo-Austrian Alliance was signed, they often regarded themselves as the boss, which naturally caused dissatisfaction among many people.

  Especially after Austria grew, the voice of dissatisfaction became even louder. Franz pretends to know nothing. The Russian-Austrian alliance cannot be torn up now, and he will not cultivate the so-called pro-Russian faction.

  Needless to say, Franz knew that Austria was among the many European countries that secretly supported Polish independence organizations. As long as the Russian-Austrian alliance was not openly undermined, Franz encouraged everyone to use their subjective initiative.

  If it were not for the fear that the growth of Polish independence organizations would threaten the security of Austrian Poland, it is estimated that there would be even more people in the Vienna government supporting Polish independence.

  Franz thought for a while and said: "Warn the anti-Russians in the country and ask them to restrain themselves and don't let the Russians get the handle.

  Even if they want to hold back the Russians, it's best to arrange a few vests and don't let the Russians take advantage of them." We are involved."

  "Yes, Your Majesty."

  Weissenberg replied that the last thing he wanted was to cause trouble. Once a diplomatic conflict arises, he, the foreign minister, is ultimately responsible for wiping the mess.

  ...

  Berlin, Ron, the Minister of War and Minister of the Navy, has been restless recently. Ever since he learned that the Junker nobles were planning to make Poland independent, he felt very uneasy.

  Since the beginning of the Great Revolution, the anti-Russian faction within the Kingdom of Prussia has gained the upper hand. The Polish independence plan was proposed at that time, with the main purpose of creating conditions for Prussia to unify the German region.

  However, it was suppressed by William Frederick IV, and the plan was shelved indefinitely. With this delay, the situation in Europe changed. With the revival of Austria, Prussia's chance of unifying the German region disappeared.

  In order to change its diplomatic passivity, there were calls in the Prussian government to improve Russian-Prussian relations, of which Bismarck was one of the leaders.

  Unfortunately, Bismarck was assassinated in St. Petersburg. The tsarist government was perfunctory and casually used Polish independence organizations to support the situation, which once again triggered an anti-Russian wave.

  These reasons are certainly not enough for the Junker nobles to provoke the Russians. The Russian Empire, which is strong on the outside and incompetent on the inside, is also very scary. At least Prussia cannot afford to provoke it.

  The main reason that really prompted them to make this decision was the opening of the colonies in Indochina. Although it only occupied the Phnom Penh dynasty, it still brought considerable benefits to the Prussian government.

  At this time, divisions occurred within the Junker aristocracy. Some of the aristocrats who had received generous returns from overseas colonial activities stood with the capitalists and advocated increasing investment in the navy.

  Most of these Junker aristocrats who support overseas colonization are capital Junker aristocrats, also known as: Maritime Junker aristocrats.

  Another part of the traditional Junker aristocracy, that is, the continental Junker aristocracy, are worried that after the strategic focus shifts to the ocean, their dominant position in the army will no longer exist.

  After all, army officers were almost monopolized by the Junker aristocracy. Junker nobles have been undergoing professional military training since childhood. In terms of professionalism, even if it is a fair competition, they cannot be compared to civilian officers who have become monks halfway.

  It's different when it comes to the sea. Although the current navy is directly transferred from the army, the Junkers aristocracy still holds the dominant position.

  But in practice, they found that good army officers did not necessarily mean they were good naval officers. Many army officers are not qualified for their jobs after entering the navy.

  The German's rigid nature came into play, and if you're not up to the task, get out. Without waiting for others to take action, they themselves drove these unqualified officers back into the army.

  When someone comes down, someone comes up. The number of civilian officers in the navy is increasing day by day. Once the navy became the center of gravity of the Kingdom of Prussia, it was difficult to maintain its dominance over the army.

  For their own benefit, the continental Junker nobles had to hold back the navy. To develop the navy, they must ensure their control over the army.

  To put it simply, it is to slow down the development of the navy and wait until they train the next generation into qualified naval officers.

  This kind of weird idea is still very popular among the Junker nobles. In their view, it only takes a few years, so there is no harm in delaying it.

  Planning Poland's independence is only the first step. Only by allowing the Russians to take care of themselves can they have a chance to seize the two principalities of Schleswig and Holstein.

  This is a good opportunity to kill two birds with one stone. Seizing the two principalities will not only increase the strength of Prussia, but also weaken the Russians and resolve the domestic land and sea dispute. Anyway, as long as the war breaks out on land, military expenditures will inevitably tilt towards the army and the navy

  . Development was naturally delayed.

  After a few years, naval officers with Juncker aristocratic backgrounds also graduated from school. Letting these people enter the navy and take over power is the best choice to protect their own interests.

  The plan seemed very perfect. For safety reasons, they also found British and French top tanks. Even if the plan fails, it seems that Prussia is not deeply involved, and if the Russians want to cause trouble, they are looking for bad luck from Britain and France.

  Ron asked: "Moltke, do you think this plan is likely to succeed?"

  Chief of General Staff Moltke replied: "Sir, I can't answer this question. The Russians have a great cause, and only one Poland can bring them How much trouble there will be is still unknown.

  Although Britain and France have promised to support the Polish independence organization, no one knows how much money they are willing to spend.

  We also need to consider the reaction of the Austrians. If they support the Russians, then the Polish independence movement will be successful. The probability is even lower.

  We cannot wait until Poland succeeds in independence before taking action. Their chances of winning are too low. The best option is to let the Poles hold back the Russians and cover us in seizing the two principalities. As long as we occupy the two principalities before the Russians finish off the Poles

  , The two principalities have become an established fact, and the tsarist government has nothing to do with us."

  This rough plan came from the Prussian General Staff. As a member of the Junker aristocracy, Moltke also did not want to see the Junker aristocracy decline.

  In order not to leave any opportunity for the bourgeoisie to take advantage of, they had to make a strategic adventure. If the operation is good, it may be possible to swallow the Kingdom of Denmark in one fell swoop and change Prussia's passive situation on the European continent.

  It can be said that the French set an example for them and inspired the Prussian ambitions.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-363.Chapter 353: Deliberate Revolt-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 353: Deliberate Uprising

  After Alexander II succeeded to the throne, he launched reforms in the country. In order to win the support of the Poles, his ruling methods in Poland were relaxed.

  The tsarist government pardoned Polish political prisoners and allowed the formation of Polish medical schools and agricultural societies in Warsaw.

  In 1863, Alexander II restored the Council of Faith and Public Education, which had been abolished twenty years earlier. At the same time, the tsarist government also allowed the convening of a conference of state representatives. (Consultative nature)

  (Note: Alexander II's accession to the throne was delayed, and the reform time was also delayed. Many times in the book have changed from those in history)

  These concessions by the tsarist government made the Polish bourgeoisie and aristocrats feel Satisfied. The convening of the State Congress gave them a channel to exert influence on domestic politics.

  Happiness has always come from comparison. Compared with the reforms of the Tsarist government and the reforms in Austria more than ten years ago, they are much happier than their companions in Galicia.

  You must know that during the European Revolution of 1848, most of the nobles and capitalists in the Galician region were hacked to death by the rioting peasants because they were too active. The remaining half were involved in the rebellion and were treated as such by the Vienna government. Lost.

  Those who survived were either cautious or die-hard Habsburg loyalists, firmly siding with the emperor.

  With lessons learned from the past, the aristocrats and capitalists of Russian Poland have lowered their expectations. If the Shah and the imperial government break up, they believe the consequences will definitely be more serious.

  At least the Vienna government would find a reasonable excuse to act within the rules, while the Tsarist government did not.

  Franz was a master who bullied the weak and feared the strong. Most of the people he killed with his own hands were capitalists who had no foundation and had a bad reputation.

  Nobles are usually forced to redeem their land, and only in serious cases will their title be deprived. They will never personally kill a whole family.

  The compromise between the Tsarist government and the Poles aroused the attention of the governments in Berlin and Vienna. Many people worried that this was a prelude to Russian expansion in Europe.

  That's all for the Vienna government. Austria's strength is not what it used to be, and with the Russian-Austrian Alliance here, the chance of the Russians making a big move against Austria is infinitely zero.

  The Berlin government could not do this. In the eyes of the anti-Russian faction, the Russo-Polish compromise was closely linked to the Tsarist government's plan to seize the territory of Prussia.

  It is uncertain when this plan was first drawn up. During the First Prussian War, whether intentionally or unintentionally, the Tsarist government leaked its plan to seize Prussian Poland.

  Because of the existence of this plan, after Austria launched the Unification War, the Kingdom of Prussia was hesitant to take action and missed the opportunity to annex the North German region.

  At that time, the Tsarist government deployed 200,000 troops on the border between the two countries. Nicholas I also sent people to encourage Prussia to take action. As a result, the more the Tsarist government encouraged Frederick William IV, the less he dared to move .

  There's no way, Mao Xiong's reputation is too bad. There is also the Russian-Austrian alliance, and the Berlin government is worried that once the main force is dispatched, it will be attacked by a joint attack from Russia and Austria.

  The Vienna government also had a plan for Russia and Austria to carve up Prussia. Although it was just a smoke bomb released by Franz, the Berlin government did not dare to gamble.

  Fighting on its own territory, whether facing an Austrian attack or a Russian attack, the Kingdom of Prussia can sustain itself for a long time, waiting for the intervention of European countries.

  Cross-border operations are different. The Kingdom of Prussia has not yet developed the invincible momentum it would have in later generations. Its performance in the First Prussian-Danish War left the Berlin government without confidence.

  After learning that the Tsarist government had compromised with the Poles, the Berlin government immediately started public relations, hoping that the Tsarist government would change its stance towards the Poles.

  Prime Minister Frank said to people in private: "I sympathize with the situation of the Poles, but we also have to survive. There is no other way but to let them die." His attitude

  was also the position of the Prussian government, which tried its best to undermine the Tsarist government and Poland. Human compromise became the national policy of the Prussian government.

  In the mid-sixties, Polish society in the Council Kingdom faced two choices.

  First, cooperation with the tsarist government can bring some relief to national oppression and some incomplete social reforms.

  Second, cooperate with the Russian revolutionary movement organizations and work together to overthrow the rule of the tsarist government.

  Obviously, although choosing the second method can obtain funding from European countries, the success rate of rebellion has never been high. The possibility of becoming a martyr is far greater than the possibility of becoming a hero. It is not a choice for the propertied class.

  The Polish independence movement organization could not win the support of the nobility and capitalists, so they turned to win over workers and farmers.

  Under the control of the British, as early as the end of 1862, the Polish independence organization signed an agreement with the Russian revolutionary organization to jointly oppose the rule of the tsarist government.

  The agreement stipulated that once the Polish independence organizations launched an uprising, the Russian revolutionary organizations would provide them with support and launch an uprising domestically at the appropriate time.

  After the Tsarist government compromised with Poland in 1863, the Kingdom of Prussia also joined the ranks of supporting Polish independent organizations. They secretly helped Polish independent organizations train troops and allowed Prussian Poles to give up their nationality and join revolutionary organizations.

  As for the French, another supporter of the Polish revolutionary organization, the two parties had colluded together as early as 1848. The internationalist French once wanted to organize an expeditionary force to help Poland become independent.

  Alexander II's reforms also aroused concerns in Britain and France. Under Franz's butterfly effect, the Tsarist government won the Near East War and captured Constantinople. The threat from the Russians increased by more than one level compared with history.

  The Russian Empire, which was still in the feudal era, was so powerful. What if they could complete the capitalist social reform?

  The British are worried that if Russia continues to become stronger, it will threaten their world hegemony. In particular, the Indian region will be threatened by the Russians at any time.

  The French regard the Russians as the biggest obstacle to European hegemony. As for Austria next door, at least it seems that no Russians can defeat it.

  This is the experience left by our ancestors. No matter how powerful the Habsburg dynasty is, France will eventually win. With a sense of superiority cultivated over hundreds of years, Napoleon III decided to attack the Russians first.

  Britain, France and Prussia all want to conquer the Russians, and it would be best if they could interrupt Alexander II's reforms and split the Russian Empire.

  Everyone in Europe except Russia recognizes that a divided and weak Russia is the best Russia.

  After having three supporters, Britain, France and Prussia, the power of the Polish independence organization began to grow rapidly from 1863. Finally, everyone felt that they were almost ready, and the Polish War of Independence broke out.

  This time the Poles are quite confident, and the lineup behind them is definitely the most luxurious version in history.

  Except for Britain, France and Prussia, most countries in Europe sympathize with or support Poland's independence. Even Russia's allies sympathize with Poland.

  The specific manifestation is that the Polish independence organization raised a donation of 1 million Aegis in Austria without being blocked by the Vienna government.

  The man behind the Polish Independence Organization, Franz had no interest in knowing. Anyway, it's all the Russians' trouble, and he doesn't need to care.

  He knew nothing about the plans of the Junker nobles. This is not because the intelligence organization is incompetent, but because something that has nothing to do with Austria's interests is not worthy of using spies who have finally been installed within the Prussian government.

  Because of the Russian-Austrian alliance, when various countries conspired, they invariably avoided Austria's obvious spy.

  The secret eyeliner was finally buried. Of course, it is impossible to transmit this kind of information. After all, every information transmission is a risk.

  From beginning to end, Franz regarded the Polish uprising as an ordinary independence movement.

  Support from foreign forces is inevitable. As long as an uprising is launched in the Russian Empire in this era, there will be no lack of selfless support from international friends.

  Franz was unaware, and Alexander II of St. Petersburg was equally unaware. The relationship with the powerful factions in Poland had just been eased and the capitalists and nobles had been won over. The rebellion that broke out now naturally did not attract the attention of the tsarist government.

  A rebellion breaks out in Poland almost every once in a while, and the Russians have long been used to it. If there is no riot for three to five years, then you need to be careful. It means that the Poles are making a big move.

  Due to the influence of custom, the tsarist government simply ordered the local government to suppress the rebellion.

  Alexander II's reforms have achieved initial results. After the abolition of serfdom, Russia's industry and commerce developed rapidly.

  Don’t get me wrong, this rapid development mainly refers to quantity, and industrial production capacity has increased significantly. However, industrial production capacity has increased, but the quality has not changed significantly, and it is still at a disadvantage in market competition.

  Chinese people would rather use expensive imported goods than domestically produced goods. Russian industrial products during this period had a common problem: they were stupid, bulky, and difficult to use. The key was that they were not cheap.

  Because of domestic transportation, the cost of raw material transportation in Russia remains high, which in turn leads to high production costs.

  The trouble is coming. Industrial products have been manufactured, but unfortunately they cannot be sold in the market. Especially the machinery and equipment are completely unsalable.

  Although the Tsarist government repeatedly raised tariff prices, it still had no effect. Some people even ridiculed that the industrial equipment produced in Russia could not compete with the handicraft industry.

  This is an exaggeration. No matter how efficient it is, it is still higher than pure manual labor. Of course, with Russia's low labor prices and high defective rate of machinery and equipment, it is still unknown which final cost will be higher or lower.

  In Chekhov's literary works, it was mentioned that the screws produced by Russian machine tools required manual polishing for a second time when used.

  This may not be an exaggeration. During the Russo-Japanese War, the caliber of some artillery shells had errors and required soldiers to polish them before they could be loaded and fired normally.

  The weapons in the army are so makeshift, and the civilian products are just perfunctory, which is even less worth mentioning. In short, Russian goods in the 19th century were synonymous with shoddy manufacturing.

  It cannot be sold in the domestic market, and no one cares about the international market. In this context, the tsarist government decided to use its guns to find export markets for industrial and commercial products.

  In the summer of 1864, Alexander II approved the War Ministry's expansion plan in Central Asia, and the Polish uprising that had just broken out was ignored.

  　Still owe 2 chapters

  (this chapter is over)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-364.Chapter 354 The disappearing prophetic vision and the change of mentality-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 354: Disappearing foresight, changes in mentality,

  calculated mentally or unintentionally, the Russians soon paid the price for their actions, and the Polish independence movement broke out more rapidly than in history.

  Britain and France increased their financial assistance to independent organizations. After the uprising broke out, independent organizations mobilized an army as quickly as possible and began to sweep across all directions.

  As a melon-eater, Franz soon received a letter of protest from the Tsarist government.

  Franz asked in disbelief: "Prime Minister, are you sure the contents of this protest letter are true?"

  Franz couldn't help but be shocked. During this Polish uprising, Austria actually had 400 volunteers participating in the war. Most of these people He is a retired officer and soldier of Austrian Poland.

  Under the nose of the Vienna government, Poland's independence could actually raise such an armed force. It would be a ghost if there were no problems.

  It's one thing to stumble the Russians secretly, but the presence of so many volunteers is not blatantly telling the outside world that Austria supports the independence Polish movement.

  The Russian-Austrian alliance has not been dissolved yet? It is morally unjustifiable to stab the tsarist government like this!

  Prime Minister Felix replied awkwardly: "Your Majesty, there are indeed many Poles in Galicia who support this uprising. There are not just 400 people participating in this uprising. Our count is 800 people. If

  not If there is an accident, this number will still increase. We miscalculated beforehand and did not expect that so many people would participate in this uprising, so we did not take any measures."

  Franz rubbed his forehead, he didn't know what to say. good. After the Polish independence movement broke out, Poles from all over the world participated.

  There are millions of Poles in Austria, so it is inevitable that there will be some volunteers, but this number is a bit too much.

  "No one will frame us, right?" Franz asked uncertainly.

  He strongly suspected that this was a British and French conspiracy, with the purpose of sowing relations between Russia and Austria and disintegrating the Russian-Austrian alliance.

  Prime Minister Felix replied: "Your Majesty, please rest assured. We have checked and found that there is no problem with these people. They indeed voluntarily participated in the uprising. Many of them were originally residents of

  Russian Poland because they could not stand Russia." They immigrated to Galicia only after they were ruled by human beings.

  Now they go back to participate in the uprising, mostly due to the power of hatred. We have taken action, and this situation will not continue to happen in the future." Faced with

  this result, Franz could only It comes down to the fact that the Russians are too desperate. What else can I do if I can let people go into exile and appear on the scene without forgetting to work hard for revenge.

  Of course, someone in the Vienna government must have provided them with convenience, otherwise it would be absolutely impossible for so many people to enter Poland smoothly.

  Franz thought for a while and said: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Russians should explain slowly and issue a diplomatic statement by the way. The issue of Russian Poland is the internal affairs of the Russian Empire and no country should interfere." In any case, what happened has happened

  . Can find ways to deal with the aftermath. Just after Britain and France expressed their international support for the Polish independence organization, European countries responded one after another, and the tsarist government also needed Austria's support.

  Franz had no hope of benefiting from what happened. First, state your attitude. As for whether the Russians believe it or not, they can only leave it to fate.

  This matter is enough to drive a wedge between the two countries, but it is still a little short of breaking up the Russian-Austrian alliance. As long as the alliance still exists, the relationship will be repaired slowly in the future.

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg replied: "Your Majesty, the Russians will soon be overwhelmed by their own affairs. According to the news from us in St. Petersburg, the Polish uprising army has exceeded 100,000 people. The Polish independence organization had already planned the uprising

  . Afterwards, under the cooperation of internal and external cooperation, the more than 100,000 Russian troops deployed in Poland were beaten to pieces by the Polish rebel army.

  Many troops did not react at all and became prisoners, and many soldiers directly joined the Polish independence movement. , it seems that the Russian revolutionary organization and the Poles have united.

  From the information we collected, the rebels are not entirely a mob, and their leadership should have received short-term military training.

  From the outbreak of the Polish uprising to now, there are at least five thousand Volunteers from all over the world participated. Most of these people had received military training and became officers of the uprising army. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs suspected that

  someone provided military training to the Polish independence organization. These volunteers were probably trained in advance and would be used when the uprising broke out. Then he quickly entered Poland and led the uprising."

  Franz's face changed drastically, this is probably the truth of the matter. Even those in Austria, who are doing things secretly, are able to mobilize hundreds of volunteers. The presence of Britain and France, who are working openly and openly, will only go too far.

  Is it difficult to train people for the Polish Independence Organization?

  It was too easy for the big gangsters. They could recruit a group of anti-Russian Poles, conduct simple training, and send them to the colonies to fight a few battles. Those who survived would be qualified soldiers.

  If there are also Russian revolutionary organizations involved, then the matter will be more complicated, which means that the rebellion will not be limited to Poland, but revolution may break out in vast areas of the Russian Empire.

  The reforming Russian Empire is undoubtedly at a crossroads. Now is the most prone to problems. There are too many people in the country who are dissatisfied with the reforms of the tsarist government.

  The radicals felt that the tsarist government's reforms were not thorough, while the conservatives felt that the tsarist government's reforms had harmed their interests. Once these dissatisfied people were stimulated, who knows what they would do?

  You know, since the reforms of Alexander II, there has been no peace within the Russian Empire. The newly freed serfs looked at the huge land redemption money and sighed.

  The Russians' land redemption was not as harmonious as Austria's. These ransoms are all subject to interest payments, and it is not a concept to unify the payment standards with Franz.

  The land redemption fee in Austria is basically based on the output income of the land in 5 to 10 years. It is collected by the government and then handed over to the land owner.

  Farmers can make payments in installments up to forty years, without counting benefits. The annual redemption fee is within everyone's affordability.

  Because of the unified apportionment, the expropriation standard is 20% of the actual annual output of the land. You can pay more or less. Anyway, you can pay it off within the specified period.

  Due to the rebellion, the government confiscated a lot of land. In fact, the Vienna government made a lot of money from this expropriation. Naturally, it could use part of the money to quell the shortage of redemption funds in the disaster years.

  This was not the case when it came to the tsarist government. The landowners were still alive and well, and most of the land belonged to these nobles. Before the reform, the number of civilian estates in Russia was less than twenty, and free peasants only owned a small amount of land.

  Under this background, it is definitely impossible to reduce the land redemption price. It is impossible to collect and distribute uniformly without paying interest.

  If it hadn't been for the Revolution, Franz wouldn't have been able to force the nobles to accept such harsh conditions. In fact, Austria's land reform was not thorough.

  Many nobles who were not involved in the rebellion or affected by the rebellion still owned a large amount of land. As long as they were unwilling, the government could not forcefully redeem it.

  No social conflicts broke out. The main reason was that the Vienna government reduced the per capita land redemption area and ensured that everyone could redeem land, but the location was uncertain.

  Later, with the expansion in the Balkan Peninsula and the opening of overseas colonies, the originally tight land supply became looser, and the contradiction with more land was completely resolved.

  The current immigration propaganda slogan of the Colonial Department is: "Do you want your own farm? Go to the colonies to open up wasteland. Do you

  want your own plantation? Go to the colonies to

  open up wasteland. You can own as much land as you can open up."

  This is The tsarist government could not do this. Although there was a lot of wasteland available for cultivation in the country, these wastelands also had owners.

  The area of ​​land acquired by farmers through redemption is actually lower on average than in mainland Austria. Of course, this is the result of calculating the Balkan Peninsula. Romania and Serbia contributed a lot of arable land.

  Alexander II's reforms only allowed 13% of serfs to obtain enough land; 42% of serfs obtained land that could barely make a living after paying the ransom; the rest could not support themselves on land alone and had to go out to work .

  This provided sufficient labor for the development of capitalism in Russia.

  Historically, with the development of capitalist economy, part of the rural population moved into cities, and the originally tense land issue was gradually resolved.

  In the late 19th century, the Russian Empire became powerful again because of Alexander II's reforms.

  Unfortunately, Russia's capitalist economy has just started and is not capable of absorbing too many people.

  The social dividends brought about by the reform have not yet had time to take effect; but the social contradictions brought about by the reform have already begun to take effect.

  "Pay close attention to the direction of the situation in Russia, understand the forces invested by all parties, and be prepared for intervention. We cannot let major changes occur in Russia."

  Franz made a decisive decision on the spot, letting the Russians suffer a little loss, Let’s forget about bringing down the Russian Empire!

  Unless the Russian Empire could be dismembered and the threat eliminated once and for all, it would be better to retain the tsarist government.

  After all, Russia, ruled by the tsarist government, posed a limited threat to Austria, and there were too many people in the country holding it back. Even the talented Alexander II could not change this problem.

  It would be different if the rules were broken. Franz could use the opportunity of civil strife to cleanse Hungary and integrate Austria. Who can guarantee that a powerful figure will not make a comeback in Russia?

  At least Alexander II had the ability to carry out reforms within the rules. He had no way to completely solve the problem.

  But once the order is broken, the situation is different. The greatest legacy Nicholas I left him was the army loyal to the Tsar.

  As long as the army is taken care of, many problems are actually not problems. As long as the table is overturned, the possibility of Alexander II regaining his power is very high.

  If it is another country, they can also form a coalition to intervene. When they meet Russian Franz, he said that he is afraid of the cold.

  When Russia emerges from the ashes, Austria will have nothing to do and just concentrate on being the gatekeeper of Europe, responsible for keeping an eye on the furry bears.

  Prime Minister Felix objected: "Your Majesty, we should not act rashly now. Although Alexander II's reforms harmed the interests of many people, they did not cross the bottom line of conservatives. As long as these people do not move, Russia will not be in chaos. Poland will not be in chaos

  . The collapse of the Russian army was mainly due to the fact that there were too many Polish soldiers in it.

  In order to ensure the stability of the Polish region, the tsarist government not long ago ordered the recruitment of troops from the Polish region in an attempt to transfer these people out of the Polish region, but the uprising happened just after the plan started.

  The Russian army is still loyal to the Tsar, and the revolutionary party has not yet influenced the army. A few rebellions cannot shake the foundation of the Tsarist government.

  As long as Britain and France do not personally send troops to intervene, it will not take long for the rebellion to be suppressed."

  After listening to the Prime Minister's explanation, Franz breathed a sigh of relief. He is a fan of the authorities and ignores that Britain and France will not take action personally.

  After losing the Near East War, the British became much more cautious on European issues and tried to stay out of the situation as much as possible.

  Not to mention the French, Napoleon III almost lost his throne, how could it be possible for him to go to the muddy waters of the Russians?

  The Kingdom of Prussia was directly ignored. Don't look at how awesome they were boasted in later generations. Now when a Russian sneeze, the Berlin government is frightened.

  Austria's best option now is to watch the show rather than prepare to intervene. Any move by the Vienna government may send a wrong signal to the outside world, causing an uncontrollable situation.

  Franz thought for a while and said: "The Prime Minister is right. I am too nervous. It is better to be still than to move now. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs

  told the tsarist government that we support any actions they take on the Polish issue. The matter of volunteers is left to Britain and France." .

  Other things have nothing to do with us, and we don’t know anything.”

  Since we have adopted silence, we can just pretend to be dumbfounded.

  Britain and France could stand up and stir up hatred because they were far enough away from the Russians to have no fear of revenge from the Tsarist government.

  If you can hit the Russians, it's best. If you can't hit the Russians, you can also disgust the Russians and use the Polish independence movement to delay the reform process of the tsarist government.

  Is it really that simple? Today, the international situation has long changed beyond recognition, and Franz's foresight advantage no longer exists.

  After sorting out his thoughts, Franz quickly figured it out.

  Austria is no longer the Austria of history. It has accumulated enough advantages in the early stage. Even without the advantage of foresight, it is still in a favorable position in international competition.

  Being too worried about the changes in the Russian Empire was actually due to Franz's lack of confidence. After all, the concept of his previous life had such an impact that he ignored the changes in his own strength.

  Compared with any competitor, Austria has advantages in one or more fields, and it is enough to bring these advantages into full play.

  First of all, in terms of the quality of the population, we started compulsory education first. Now Austria is already enjoying this dividend.

  Once the second industrial revolution begins, the first-mover advantage is already destined. By the time the competitors reacted, Austria was already at the forefront.

  It seems that Austria is not lagging behind now. Following in the footsteps of the British, some industries can still move ahead.

  On the contrary, the loan shark empire has begun to take shape. Insufficient local coal production capacity has raised the costs of many industries in France, and capitalists are increasingly interested in making financial profits.

  The short-term competitors, Britain and France, are restricted by population and local area, and their development ceiling has been locked.

  The limitations of the local area and resources can also be compensated by the use of colonies. Everyone is a colonial empire and there is no shortage of these resources, but there is no way to solve the shortage of population.

  No, the French are already thinking of a solution, that is, external expansion. Napoleon III had just eaten the Kingdom of Sardinia to make up for the lack of domestic labor.

  The British really had no choice but to go to the mainland if they were surrounded by seas and wanted to expand. It's a pity that John Bull didn't dare. Once he sets foot on the European continent, he will be taught how to behave immediately.

  The mid-term competitor, the Russian Empire, is still in the process of reform and has lagged behind in industry for at least twenty years. This cannot be made up for in a short while.

  Even if it is cheating, it will take more than ten years to catch up. In this era of rapid technological change, opponents cannot wait for them to catch up.

  As long as it is still under the rule of the tsarist government, this kind of development will not be possible. If we can ensure a normal development speed, it is God's blessing.

  The long-term competitor, the Americans, is expected to take another 20 to 30 years to develop after the civil war. At least they have to wait until they complete the reunification of the country again before they can have the ability to dominate the world.

  These advantages can only be regarded as superficial. The real advantage is that competitors have not been aware of their own weaknesses and have not taken corresponding measures to solve these problems.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-365. Chapter 355 Diplomatic Changes-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 355 Diplomatic Changes

  In St. Petersburg, the tsarist government that was belatedly reacted now. There is no doubt that someone is out to get them.

  The Russian Empire, which won the Near East War and captured Constantinople, seemed to have unlimited glory, but in fact it also had full hatred.

  As losers, Britain and France are unwilling to fail and always want to take revenge; European countries, as melon-eaters, are also worried that Russia is powerful and will threaten their own security.

  This has resulted in the current situation due to everyone's intentional or unintentional push. Every time one leaks something from under its fingernails, the Polish independent organization grows bigger.

  Alexander II roared in the Winter Palace

  : "These bastards, when will it be their turn for the great Russian Empire to dictate what to do?" The

  diplomatic interference of various countries has aroused the anger of His Majesty the Tsar. They have always interfered in other people's internal affairs. When did anyone dare to interfere in their internal affairs?

  As for whether the Polish issue is considered Russia's internal affair, should this issue still be considered? As long as it is occupied by the tsarist government, it is Russia's territory, and it does not matter whether the outside world recognizes it or not.

  No one dared to offend the angry Tsar, and everyone watched Alexander II vent their anger in tacit understanding.

  ...

  "Have the counter-rebellion army set off? I will hang all these traitors!" Alexander II gritted his teeth and said that

  After hearing Alexander II's inquiry, everyone knew that His Majesty the Tsar had recovered.

  Army Minister Matthias replied: "One hundred thousand counter-insurgency troops have set off from the Baltic Sea and will enter Poland the day after tomorrow to suppress the rebellion." The

  Polish independents were not taken seriously by everyone. If the Russian Empire had been that fragile, it would have been torn apart long ago.

  Alexander II continued to ask: "What do the Austrians say? Have they given a reasonable explanation?"

  Foreign Minister Clarence Ivanov replied: "The Vienna government stated that it was not aware of these issues. They believed that this It was the work of Britain and France, deliberately trying to sow discord between the two countries. They provided information on some of the rebels. Many of them were not permanent residents of Austria, but had entered Austria in recent years, and had records of serving in   the

  British and French armies."

There is no doubt that most of this information is forged. In order to get rid of responsibility, the Vienna government did not mind letting Britain and France take the blame. Anyway, it is difficult to find out in this era.

  This answer was undoubtedly difficult for the Tsarist government to accept, but they had to accept it. Among the great powers, Austria is the only one that supports them. You can't turn your allies into enemies just because of this problem, right?

  Alexander II asked angrily: "What about Prussia? Do Britain and France also want to sow discord between Prussia and Russia?"

  Don't look at him as a pro-Prussian faction. In the face of national interests, this position can change at any time.

  Foreign Secretary Clarence replied: "No, the Berlin government said it was all a spontaneous act by the people and had nothing to do with them.

  In order to prevent this from happening in the future, the Berlin government announced that these people would be expelled from their nationality and left at our disposal."

  This explanation is even more ridiculous than the Vienna government's statement. The Berlin government has no choice. They have provided greater support to Polish independence organizations and cannot cover it up even if they want.

  Relations between Russia and Austria have been very good in recent decades. The Vienna government can just be more shameless and blame Britain and France, but not Prussia. The relationship between the two countries was not good to begin with, and there was no need to provoke it.

  Moreover, Prussia is still preparing to attack Denmark. Even if the tsarist government is repaired now, it will be of no use.

  After pondering for a while, Alexander II connected the things together. It was simply that European countries did not want to see Russia complete its reforms and become stronger.

  Knowing the truth, Alexander II calmed down.

  "Regardless of any reaction from the outside world, the Polish rebellion must be suppressed. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs must work hard. Looking up, the European continent has become the enemy of Russia. Where are our allies? It is impossible to rely on Austria for everything. When a

  certain One day there is a conflict of interest between the two countries, or the Vienna government feels that this alliance cannot bring them benefits, and by then it will be too late to find a way!" The

  Russian Empire needs new allies to change its passive state of diplomacy.

  "Yes, Your Majesty." Foreign Secretary Clarence replied with a wry smile.

  It's not that they don't work hard, but that Russia really can't find a suitable ally now. Geopolitics has determined that countries on the European continent are naturally on the opposite side of them.

  Unless the tsarist government abandons its European strategy, it will never expand in Europe. Otherwise, such conflicts are inevitable.

  No European country wants to see the Russian Empire continue to grow. A powerful Russia threatens everyone's survival.

  The deterioration of Prussian-Russian relations was not only due to the Danish issue, but also because the tsarist government wanted to expand in Europe. Franz just pierced this window paper.

  Feeling that its own security was threatened, the Kingdom of Prussia had to move closer to Britain and France. The reason why the anti-Russian faction grew stronger was because the Sword of Damocles, which was the carving up of the Kingdom of Prussia between Russia and Austria, was hanging in the air.

  ...

  The inability to break the situation on the European continent provides favorable conditions for the United States and Russia to get closer. In the autumn of 1864, the Tsarist government sent a naval fleet to visit the American Commonwealth.

  This is not the best option, but it is the only option for the Tsarist government and the American Federation. It is normal for two isolated people to choose to hug each other for warmth.

  Franz's butterfly effect only delayed the United States and Russia from getting closer for two years.

  The tsarist government attempted to use the federal government to distract European countries and ease their diplomatic pressure on the European continent; while the federal government hoped to gain support from Russia to offset the pressure brought by some powers.

  At the end of 1864, at a critical moment when the outcome of the American Civil War was about to be decided, the Russians sided with the northern government, giving a certain boost to the federal government that moved its capital to New York.

  ...

  The West Coast of the United States is still in the development stage in this era. Even the famous "California" in later generations is only in its infancy and is far behind the states on the east coast.

  After the outbreak of the American Civil War, the main naval force of the federal government was concentrated on the east coast. This is not a partiality of the Lincoln administration, but entirely caused by the actual situation.

  In this era, the shipbuilding industry in the United States was concentrated on the east coast. The shipbuilding industry on the west coast was backward and did not have the ability to build warships.

  After the Civil War broke out, the Union Navy never had enough warships. The fighting areas between the North and the South were all on the east coast. Due to the intervention of the great powers, the federal navy was unable to gain an advantage. Naturally, the federal government did not have the ability to send warships to reinforce the west coast.

  Of course, the navy of the southern government did not appear on the west coast. The enemies faced by the western coastal states were privateers, in other words, legal pirates.

  After the outbreak of the Civil War, both the North and the South issued privateering licenses in order to crack down on each other's maritime transportation.

  Because there are fewer islands on the west coast of the Pacific, pirates lack supply points. Relatively speaking, the west coast of the United States is relatively peaceful.

  Except for the occasional attack by temporary pirates, he stayed away from the threat of war most of the time. Until a few months ago, the situation changed, and there were suddenly more pirates on the west coast.

  Rampant pirates once captured the Channel Islands dozens of miles away from California, and often attacked coastal ports, making the west coast states miserable.

  Everyone knows that the pirates' headquarters is in the Mexican Empire. The two countries have long had a deep hatred, and there is nothing wrong with the Mexican government causing trouble for them at this time.

  Don't even think about exterminating pirates. The federal government has already suffered a lot in the civil war. If it provokes another foreign war, it will be hard to keep it safe.

  No matter how weak Mexico is, it is not something that a few states on the west coast can absorb. There was little the federal government could do beyond diplomatic protests.

  In this context, the Russian Far East Fleet visited San Francisco and killed a pirate ship. The Russian fleet was immediately warmly welcomed by the people of California, which was threatened by pirates.

  Major General Popov, who was originally just trying to build relationships, was so praised after a few glasses of wine that he vaguely made a promise to fight against pirates.

  He does not mean that.

  It was not just Americans who attended the banquet. Ministers from various countries stationed in California also appeared at the banquet. Although everyone is suspected of being biased during the civil war, Americans still have to abide by diplomatic etiquette.

  After the banquet, British representatives appeared at the Austrian embassy in California.

  "Carter, don't you think the Russians are too arrogant? They only have a few broken ships, but they still have to fight pirates. I think fighting pirates is enough!" British representative Rhodes tried and said that the Russian Far East fleet did not have much in the first place

  . A ship, not to mention just a part of it. It’s not surprising that it can’t defeat the pirates. After all, this is no ordinary pirate.

  If anyone is interested and investigates, they will find that these pirates come from the Southeast Asian and Indian Ocean regions. Appearing on the West Coast, someone must be manipulating it.

  The main reason why this happens is because of interests. Pirates also need to sell their stolen goods during robberies, and there are naturally benefits in this.

  Perhaps many people think that pirates who get something for nothing are a huge profit industry. In fact, mastering the strongholds for selling stolen goods is the real huge profit.

  The same goods are priced at three or four levels at most at the point of selling stolen goods. It is never the pirates who make the most profit, but the channels behind the scenes for selling stolen goods.

  It is obviously not that simple to open such a channel in Mexico. Without a protective umbrella, they would have been wiped out by the navies of various countries long ago.

  There is no doubt that Rhodes was dragged into the water. If the Russians crack down on pirates, they are cutting off his financial resources.

  Testing Austria's attitude is nothing more than worrying that the Austrian fleet in Central America will stand up for the Russians. We can't just kill the Russians on the front foot and cause even greater trouble later.

  Austrian representative Carter said very cooperatively: "There is no way, maybe the Russians have always been so arrogant. Maybe they also want to make a fortune by fighting against pirates. You know, in recent months, pirates have looted thousands of goods

  . Ten thousand US dollars, even if only one-tenth of it is left, it is still a huge amount of money."

  More or less, it is easy to do things with money. As long as the benefits are in place, it doesn't matter even if the Russian fleet is completely wiped out.

  It is true that Russia and Austria are allies, but it does not mean that there is no conflict in the interests of Russia and Austria. For example, now: Austria supports the southern government, the Russians support the northern government, and the two sides are on opposite sides.

  When this happened, in order to avoid affecting the relationship between the two countries, everyone naturally had to avoid each other. Apart from a courtesy greeting, Carter and the Russian representative had no further contact with each other.

  In fact, this also shows its position that Russia cannot get help from Austria on American issues.

  The British attack on the Russian fleet was not just as simple as it seemed. Privately speaking, it was because personal interests were harmed; publicly speaking, it was to defeat the arrogance of the Russians.

  When the visiting fleet went out to fight against pirates, they were killed by the pirates. Once this happened, the Tsarist government would be laughed at for at least twenty years.

  The diplomatic support that the Russians brought to the northern government by siding with them would also be lost in one fell swoop.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-366.Chapter 356 Forced into the Palace-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 356: Forcing

  the Palace In the Berlin Palace, the Junker nobles showed their cards to the government. They still had brains and knew to notify the government to cooperate before attacking Denmark. If they had no fun, they would attack first.

  Prime Minister Frank's face was livid with anger. He was also a member of the Junker aristocracy. He had no choice but to notify him when his sword was on the string. This clearly meant that he did not regard him as one of his own.

  This is very serious. During this period, the power of the Kingdom of Prussia had fallen into the hands of the Junker nobles, and the political parties and parliaments controlled by the bourgeoisie were reduced to supporting roles.

  If divided by shareholding system, the Juncker nobles already control 65% of the shares of the Prussian company and are the absolute majority shareholders.

  What happened meant that Frank's position within the Junker aristocracy had been shaken. This was a political signal that the Junker aristocracy was less supportive of him.

  William I's face was also very ugly, and he, the king, was also kept in the dark. He looked at the military representative with a murderous look, and he would be rude if he didn't give a reasonable explanation.

  Just because there is no way to deal with the Junker noble class does not mean that he cannot move a few high-ranking military officials. Besides, are the current Junker aristocrats still monolithic?

  The birth of the Maritime School and the Continental School also has the credit of William I. As a monarch, no one likes his subordinates to be monolithic. It is just an instinct to divide his subordinates.

  Being stared at so hard, Ron, who is also the Minister of the Army and Navy, quickly explained: "Your Majesty, look at this map of Europe. This is the location of our Kingdom of Prussia. Our homeland was divided into two parts by the German Federal Empire

  . The Rhineland region in the west was militarily threatened by the French, Prussian Poland in the east was militarily threatened by the Russians, and the Silesian region in the south was militarily threatened by Austria. No country in the world was strategically threatened

  . We are so bad that we are threatened by three major powers at the same time.

  In this case, we have few options to break the situation. If we want to annex the German Federal Empire, we will inevitably encounter opposition from European countries. The

  French covet the Rhineland and do not want to Let our mainland be connected together; the Austrians want to unify the German region, so it is impossible for us to reach out to the German Federation; the British do not want to give up this nail on the European continent, and they will not support us annexing the German Federation. Not to mention the

  Russians Everyone knows about their ambitions in the Polish region. As long as we show our flaws, they will pounce immediately. If we

  want to strengthen ourselves, our only choice now is to regain Schleswig-Holland from the Danes. If we are lucky, we can bite the Danes hard.

  Recovering the two principalities is of great significance to the German nation. Under the influence of national justice, Austria will not stand against us, and even in diplomacy, they will Support our actions.

  The Kingdom of Denmark is politically pro-Russian, and Britain and France will not mind us attacking the Russians. They will even push us to stand against the Russians. Now is the time when the Russians are at their weakest,

  Alexander II's reforms were not over yet, and there was an uprising in Poland. The conservatives were bound to counterattack. The

  Russian Empire, which was suffering from internal and external troubles, even if they wanted to intervene in this war, with the financial situation of the tsarist government, they would not be able to exert enough power. Very limited.

  Once the Russians send troops, we will not fight alone. Britain and France will definitely support us, and even Austria hopes to see the Russians fail.

  Our odds of winning now are very high, and it only takes a month to occupy the Kingdom of Denmark, catch the Russians by surprise, and then solve the subsequent problems through negotiations."

  This is a bet on whether the Russians will send troops to intervene in this war. If he wins the bet, he will naturally take back the two principalities and take a piece of flesh from the Kingdom of Denmark.

  After losing the bet, he defected to Britain and France, acted as their agent, and fought against the Russians with the support of the two countries.

  There is no doubt that the Prussian military has no confidence in a full-scale PK with the Russians, but it is different to use all the strength of the country to fight a local war with the Russians.

  The Russian Empire was very powerful, but unfortunately the Tsarist government was very poor. The reforming tsarist government was poorer than ever.

  Although the Prussian government had no money, Britain and France were very wealthy. Since he is a thug, naturally the boss will pay for it.

  This explanation only slightly reduced William I's anger, and it was obviously not enough for him to reveal the matter.

  William I sneered and said: "Really, my Minister of War, Minister of Navy, and my Chief of General Staff. Since when did you decide all the domestic and foreign affairs of the Kingdom of Prussia?" Minister of Army and Navy Ron and Chief of General

  Staff Changmao Qidu lowered his head and pretended to be an ostrich.

  It's not that they want to cut it off first and then tell it later, the problem is that if they report it in advance, this plan will not be passed at all.

  On the surface, the risks of this gamble appear to be controllable. The most serious consequence would be to fight a local war with the Russians. With the support of Britain and France, Prussia's chances of winning are not low.

  Actually, this is just theoretical. If there was a problem in a certain link, the Kingdom of Prussia might immediately face catastrophe.

  For example: The Tsarist government was so angry that it fought with them at all costs. Not to mention the support of Britain and France, even if Britain and France went into battle in person, they would still be finished.

  If the Russians and Austria reached a compromise to divide Prussia, Prussia's enemies would immediately become two.

  Don't think that this possibility does not exist. The total area of ​​the Kingdom of Prussia in this era was more than 300,000 square kilometers, and Prussian Poland accounted for less than half.

  Austria did not dare to give up the Prussian-German territory, but Prussian Poland was not among them, and the Vienna government would not feel any pressure to throw it away.

  Under normal circumstances, the tsarist government would not do this. That's because Austria will quickly expand if it annexes these territories. Without the checks and balances of the Kingdom of Prussia, the German Federal Empire simply cannot sustain it for long.

  Another example: The British and French bureaucracies were a step too slow to respond. By the time help arrived, Prussia might have been paralyzed.

  Or: The attack on Denmark happened unexpectedly, and the war was not won in the first time. As a result, the Russians came to the door again and were forced to fight on two fronts.

  ...

  There are so many unexpected factors, any one of which is enough to bring the Kingdom of Prussia to an end. Prussia was doomed, and the domestic aristocrats and capitalists would not necessarily follow suit. Only William I was doomed to be unlucky.

  As a qualified king, why take risks? According to the current situation, wouldn't it be good to continue developing step by step?

  To put it bluntly, for their own benefit, the Junker nobles dragged the Kingdom of Prussia to the gambling table, and did so without sufficient preparation.

  Prime Minister Frank persuaded: "Your Majesty, the matter has come to an end, let's put the matter of accountability for later! The most important thing now is to communicate with various countries immediately and seek diplomatic support. Recover the two principalities of Schleswig and Holstein

  . This matter is a major event common to the entire German nation, and we cannot let this pressure be borne by our family."

  Regardless of whether it is willing or not, this ass must be wiped by the Prussian government. If the military is left to its own devices, who knows what the final result will be?

  Prime Minister Frank did not dare to take this risk, and the Kingdom of Prussia could not afford the consequences of failure. If he had been involved in the operation from the beginning, he would never have taken the risk until Britain, France and Austria were dealt with.

  William I sighed and said: "I don't care what method you use, immediately order the troops to stop all actions.

  We need a reasonable excuse. We have already used it once to safeguard German sovereignty.

  The German region was divided during the Paris Peace Conference. The Kingdom of Prussia is no longer qualified to represent all the states in the German region, and this reason cannot be used as an excuse for our war."

  In terms of boosting morale, safeguarding German sovereignty can best stimulate the patriotic enthusiasm of the soldiers, but politically this is a failure.

  During the First Prussian-Danish War, the Kingdom of Prussia gave up the principalities of Schleswig and Holstein under pressure from the Russians, and became infamous in the German region.

  If they use this reason again, neither Austria nor the German Federation will buy their account.

  Because the Paris Conference adopted an international resolution to split the German region, Britain and France would not recognize this reason as an excuse for war.

  Ron replied hesitantly: "Your Majesty, it's too late.

  Although the plan is to launch the attack on the morning of October 27, the various troops have now cut off telegraph contact. In such a short time, we cannot notify the troops at all.

  You see, how about just finding an excuse to make do, for example: saving the German compatriots who are oppressed by the Kingdom of Denmark."

  Obviously, the military was well prepared. Regardless of whether the Berlin government cooperates or not, the attack will still be launched on time. The time left to the government is to write a gauntlet.

  As a delaying strategy, stop dreaming. We have been busy for so long, how can we say we won’t fight if we don’t?

  Mao Qi, the chief of general staff on the side, hesitated to speak and did not express an opinion from beginning to end.

  This plan first came from the General Staff, and the accompanying combat plan was personally drawn up by him. Based on this alone, he did not dare to speak rashly, lest he anger the king.

  William I glared at Ron and said with a sneer: "Are you ready? Then why do you tell me what to do? You are so capable, just do it yourself!" After that, he went out without looking back

  . The king left in anger, but things still had to go on. At least the declaration of war must be declared, and the Kingdom of Prussia cannot yet do so without declaring war.

  Prime Minister Frank said angrily: "Since your military has decided, then you can just send someone to hand over the letter of challenge to the Danes! The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is very busy,

  and they have to deal with the aftermath for you, so there is no need to trouble them. ."

  If it were normal times, if anyone dared to take the job of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Foreign Secretary would have exploded long ago. Now, of course, there is an exception. The Prime Minister wants to throw all responsibilities to the military, so he will naturally not object.

  If we win the battle, everything will be easy. If something unexpected happens and we lose the war, then the military will have to counter all the thunder.

  Moltke and Ron looked at each other and smiled bitterly. Obviously, this behavior has offended the king and the government, and they should not expect to have a good life in the future.

  As long as this war does not achieve satisfactory results for everyone, the two of them will definitely get out, or they may have to go to a military court.

  It was a taboo to mobilize the army without the king's approval. Now the government has added another crime, and the military has sent a declaration of war.

  If you win, it will be decided by the government. If you lose the war, it is estimated that the letter of challenge will become a forgery by the military.

  No matter how much debt you have, all your problems will be wiped out if you win the war. If you lose the war, there will be no difference between having one more crime and one less crime.

  In short, all this is because the military broke the rules first, and it will naturally bear the corresponding responsibility.

  Moltke replied: "No problem. But the government must do a good job in cooperating with other departments. If the war fails because of the inactivity of some departments, then we will go to hell together!" This is Prussia, a country owned by the army

  . world. As Chief of General Staff Moltke only needed to be responsible to the king. He did not dare to make mistakes in front of William I, and he did not care about government officials.

  The relationship is already at a standstill anyway, so direct threats are more effective than good words.

  Prime Minister Frank sneered at each other: "You'd better do your job well and don't make a lot of trouble again. We don't have time to clean up the aftermath for you every day. Now we have to hold a government meeting and you won't participate. Please,

  please Let's go!"

  There is no such thing as indolence. Once the war fails, no one from the top government can escape. Even if he has no responsibility, he will be implicated and step down.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-367.Chapter 357 The truth getting further and further away-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 357 The truth getting further and further away

  In the early morning of October 25, 1864, Franz, who had just woken up from his sleep, was shocked by the news that the Prussian government had declared war on the Kingdom of Denmark.

  To be precise, the two countries declared war yesterday afternoon. It was already late at night when the news reached Vienna, and the flexible staff delayed reporting until Franz got up.

  Without any recruitment in advance, the two countries suddenly went to war. As for the Prussians' pretext to declare war to "liberate their German compatriots," Franz ignored it.

  Just have an excuse for war. Historically, the Prussians still carried the banner of safeguarding German sovereignty. Under Franz's butterfly effect, the Berlin government no longer dared to resist this banner.

  With the revival of Austria, slogans and slogans related to "German Unity" gradually disappeared from the official documents of the Prussian government.

  Especially after the Paris Conference, both the Kingdom of Prussia and the newly established German Federal Empire had a tacit understanding to suppress the idea of ​​​​​​grand unification.

  We are not fools. If we continue to promote it, we will be making a wedding dress for Austria.

  Once the idea of ​​grand unification is deeply rooted in people's hearts, they become the targets of unification. For the people, unification may be a good thing, but for the rulers, it is completely different.

  Although the governments of the various states in the New Holy Roman Empire had great powers, compared with being the masters of their own country, the rights of the rulers were still greatly reduced.

  Under the influence of interests, the Paris Conference's international agreement to split the German region became the legal basis for Prussia to separate from the German region.

  Legally speaking, the Kingdom of Prussia is an independent country like Belgium, the Netherlands, and Switzerland.

  Now, if we continue to carry the banner of safeguarding the sovereignty of the German region, won't we tell the outside world that the Kingdom of Prussia is still a part of Germany, and provide a legal basis for Austria to annex them?

  The Berlin government will not do such stupid things. Although the reasons for liberating the German compatriots are somewhat weak, it is better than planting a political bomb.

  This time the Prussian-Danish War involves the two principalities of Schleswig and Holstein, and the Vienna government definitely needs to express its stance.

  After a simple breakfast, Franz held a cabinet meeting in the palace.

  Foreign Minister Weisenberg analyzed: "Your Majesty, based on the intelligence we have collected, we can initially judge that the Prussians had premeditated this war, including the Polish independence movement that occurred not long ago, which is inseparable from them. Dare the Berlin

  The government declaration of war on the Kingdom of Denmark probably involves the British and French, who want to take this opportunity to attack the Russians.

  The situation of the Tsarist government is very bad now, domestic reforms are still in progress, the Central Asian war has started, and the Polish independence movement has begun again. broke out.

  With so many things happening at the same time, it is difficult for the Tsarist government's finances to support another war.

  If they interfere in the Prussian-Danish War, Britain and France will support Prussia and fight a proxy war with them, further consuming their national power and interrupting the war. The reforms of the tsarist government.

  If the tsarist chose to make concessions, their international reputation would plummet. If they could not keep Denmark as their little brother, the Russian governments would not be qualified to call themselves the European hegemon. No matter which choice the tsarist government

  made, it would have to pay a huge price. The cost.

  Perhaps the British are more inclined to fight a proxy war to weaken the Russians; the French are more hoping to take the opportunity to pull the Russians from their position of hegemony." From the obvious analysis, the Prussian government

  suddenly To declare war on the Kingdom of Denmark, it must be that Britain, France and Prussia colluded together, otherwise the Prussian government would not have the courage to challenge the Russians.

  There are only a few people who know about the Junker nobles' own decision, and it is impossible for these people to spread the news to the outside world.

  Many people, including the Prussian military, believed that this was an action jointly planned by the king, the cabinet, and the military. No one thought that this was a decision made by the top military officials themselves.

  Of course, only the top management planning this operation can plug the most basic loopholes. If it had been planned by the lower levels of the army, they would have launched the attack foolishly with the slogan "For the unification of the German nation".

  This is also because Franz did not notice the Prussian's actions in advance, otherwise he would have kept a secret line and shouted the slogan of unifying Germany to attack the Danes.

  Who can imagine the political impact of this slogan if someone is not politically savvy? As long as you're passionate enough and can inspire people, that's fine!

  Political propaganda slogans cannot be shouted randomly. Once a slogan is shouted, it cannot be taken back.

  Prime Minister Felix asked doubtfully: "But why does the Prussian government want to take millet from the fire for Britain and France? It

  would be a mortal enemy to form a deadly feud with the Russians just for the two principalities of Schleswig and Holstein. Now the Tsarist government can't take care of them, and it will definitely take revenge in the future.

  Even if the Prussian government is anti-Russian, they can't ignore the power gap between the two countries and blindly enmity with the Russians, right?" The

  current situation and history Historically, the Russians lost their European hegemony during the Crimean War, and the importance of the Kingdom of Denmark to the tsarist government had declined. It was just a matter of appearance.

  At this time, for the Russians, the Kingdom of Denmark was not only a matter of face, but also their status as the European hegemon.

  The position of hegemony is not only about strength, but also needs to be recognized by everyone.

  Even a small Kingdom of Prussia can challenge their hegemony. If it cannot be suppressed, why should the Russian Empire become the European hegemon?

  Even if Alexander II endures for domestic reforms now, as long as the Russians want to compete for European hegemony in the future, they must sacrifice the flag of the Kingdom of Prussia.

  In this respect, the Prussian government's approach was very unwise. Even if you gain benefits in the short term, there will be endless disasters in the future.

  If you are unlucky, the Tsarist government will come knocking on your door regardless. Even if they have the support of Britain and France, even if they win this war, their vitality will be severely damaged.

  After thinking for a while, Franz replied: "I'm afraid the Prussian government has regarded the Russians as its mortal enemy from the beginning, and it doesn't matter whether they offend or not. I remember that in the Russian

  expansion strategy in Europe, the first target was Prussian Poland.

  .Prussian Poland occupies 46.3% of the Kingdom of Prussia. From the Prussian standpoint, there is no possibility of compromise. (Note

  : After the anti-French war, the Warsaw area of ​​Austrian Poland fell into the hands of the Russians, but Parts of East Prussia and West Prussia were also regarded as Prussian Poland by default. This part of the territory did not come from the three partition wars and canceled each other out.

  Facing a powerful Russian Empire that might attack them at any time, they could only turn to Britain and France are getting closer.

  Now the two bosses want them to jump out and cause trouble for the Russians, and the reward will be the two principalities of Schleswig and Holstein. The

  Berlin government does not want to see the Russians succeed in their reforms. Since there are people who support it, then Strike first and catch the Russians off guard.

  They have no chance of winning. As long as they take the risk of defeating the Russians once, they can not only eat the two principalities, but also make Russian Poland independent and become a buffer between the two countries, changing their strategy in one fell swoop. It's passive."

  Franz's level of imagination is still very good, and many people in the Prussian government also think so, but they are getting further and further away from the truth.

  The Junker nobles responsible for planning this operation can guarantee with their family honor that they did not think that far ahead and were only fighting for their own interests.

  Defeating the Russians was simply not part of their plan.

  Moltke's strategic plan was just to defeat the Danes as soon as possible, and then be able to defend the border fortress against the Russian attack.

  Anyway, the tsarist government is now a poor man, and there are conservatives who oppose reforms in the country who are holding back. As long as it drags on for a few months, the Russian army will collapse without a fight.

  Moreover, there are Polish independence organizations standing up for it. Before suppressing the Polish rebellion, the Russian army sent troops to attack the Kingdom of Prussia, and there was always the possibility of being cut off by the rebels.

  In the eyes of many people, by the time the tsarist government suppressed the Polish rebellion, their wallets would have been depleted long ago. Where would there be money left to continue fighting?

  The truth of the matter has no direct causal relationship with the decision-making of the Vienna government. Even if the Prussians suddenly become confused, it will not affect Austria's decision-making.

  After trying hard to accept the Prussian concept, Prime Minister Felix said: "Your Majesty, since Prussia and Russia are going to confront each other, then we also have to make a choice. It involves Schleswig-

  Hols In the two principalities of Tain and Denmark, we had to support the Prussians in the Prussian-Danish War.

  However, because of the Russian-Austrian Alliance, we have to support the Russians in the next war that may break out.

  Now we are also forced to a crossroads. This choice is difficult to make.

  I suggest kicking the ball to the Russians. If the Russians want Austria's help, then Russia and Austria should divide Prussia. The Russians will

  get the Prussian Poland area, and we will get the Prussian German area. The benefits therein We can compensate for the gap with cash.

  If the Russians are different from the carving up conditions, then we will declare neutrality and not participate in this Prussian-Russian dispute."

  Franz rolled his eyes. This is not the carving up of Prussia between the two countries. It is clearly to let Russia People expressed support for Austria's unification of the German region.

  If you open the map, you will know that if Austria occupied the Prussian German region, the German Federal Empire would be surrounded by the HRE.

  If under such circumstances, Franz could not use political means to disintegrate and gradually annex the German Federation, he would be embarrassed to call himself the master of the Habsburg dynasty.

  Although the remaining German regions are not large in territory, most of these lands are rich in resources, developed in industry and commerce, and their economic development level is very high in Europe.

  In addition to the economy, these areas also have a large population. Without Prussian Poland, the remaining half of the Kingdom of Prussia plus the German Federal Empire had a population of 178 million.

  Coupled with the current population of 60 million in the new Holy Roman Empire, the combined population of the Holy Roman Empire directly exceeded that of Britain and France combined. If we only count the local area, the total economic output exceeds that of John Bull.

  Unless the tsarist government's collective brain is in trouble, this condition is not negotiable at all. If we unleash a Central European behemoth, isn't that asking for trouble?

  Prime Minister Felix's real purpose is to stop the Russians from asking for help from Austria.

  Otherwise, the tsarist government, holding the Russian-Austrian Alliance Covenant, keeps asking Austria for loans and assistance. Will the Vienna government give it or not?

  If it is given, it will easily arouse the resentment of German nationalists; if it is not given, it will violate the covenant and is morally unjustifiable.

  Now raising this question, as long as the Russians refuse to support Austria's unification of the German region, the tsarist government will not be able to confidently want assistance.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-368.Chapter 358 The Second Prudan War-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 358 The Second Prussian-Danish War

  The Prussian government suddenly declared war on the Kingdom of Denmark. The most confused person was King Christian IX of Denmark. He had no idea what was going on, and the war broke out.

  Christian IX only succeeded to the throne in 1863. Not long after he took the throne, he amended the constitution to incorporate the principalities of Schleswig and Holstein into the Kingdom of Denmark. This was the cause of the second Prussian-Danish War in history.

  In this time and space, Christian IX also did it. Naturally, it aroused the anger of the people in the German region, and the three countries in the German region issued warnings.

  But because the Paris Conference provided them with legal support, and these territories did not border Austria, the Vienna government yelled a few times and let it go.

  Without Austria's intervention, with the support of the Russians, the Kingdom of Denmark successfully merged the two principalities.

  Facts have proved that this advantage is not easy to take advantage of. The Prussians endured it at that time and were actually holding back their ultimate move. This is when the Russians have no time to take care of themselves, and they will take action against them.

  War was declared on the afternoon of October 24, and the Berlin government launched a nationwide mobilization on October 25. On October 27, the Prussian army crossed the border and entered Denmark.

  On the surface, this is completely in compliance with international law. The military mobilization was carried out only the day after the declaration of war, which seemed more like a sudden decision.

  However, not every country is Prussia with that many armies. The Kingdom of Denmark did not resort to militancy. Their standing army only had tens of thousands.

  In normal times, with the Russians covering us, these troops would be enough. Even if the war broke out, it would be impossible. The Prussians randomly pulled out tens of thousands of troops, and they were exhausted to cope with it.

  Christian IX asked: "Why did Prussia launch a war without any warning in advance? How long has it been since the last Prussian-Danish War? Could it be that your vigilance was eaten by dogs so quickly?" This is self-contradictory

  . Naturally no one answered his question. Without warning, who knew that the Prussians would suddenly take action?

  This is a conceptual problem. The emergence of railways has greatly accelerated the speed of troop mobilization. Two days is enough for the Prussians to assemble tens of thousands of troops, which is enough.

  Prime Minister Raheel persuaded: "Your Majesty, what has happened has happened. We should immediately mobilize the country to resist the Prussian attack. At

  the same time, we ordered the ambassadors in various European countries to conduct diplomatic mediation, especially to win the support of the Russians."

  Christian IX nodded. Regardless of whether the government is responsible or not, now is not the time to hold people accountable. The most important thing during a war is stability.

  ...

  The government is confused, and the Danish people are even more confused. How come they are fighting?

  The normal operating mode is for the two countries to quarrel first and engage in a verbal spat in the newspapers for several months or longer. After the negotiations failed, the war faction slowly gained the upper hand and then looked for an excuse to declare war.

  This time it was really unusual. The Prussian government found an excuse to declare war without making any diplomatic efforts at all.

  Copenhagen, the capital of Denmark, is already boiling. Countless Danes feel that their dignity has been challenged. You must know that the Danish ancestors were also wealthy, how could they be provoked by the Prussian barbarians?

  In the bakery, several customers were whispering to each other, and as the boss, Lux could vaguely hear their conversations.

  "Roberta, the king has issued a mobilization order. I am going to beat up the Prussian barbarians. Do you want to go with me?"

  Roberta replied confidently: "Colvergen, are you out of your mind? The Prussian barbarians are so good. Deal with it, just because we are not their opponent at all!

  Now you should just wait and wait for European countries to intervene. Don't forget our geographical location, the gateway to the Baltic Sea, the Russians will definitely not You can tolerate the Prussian barbarians occupying this place."

  Colfergen said dissatisfied: "Didn't you pride yourself on being brave in the past? Why are you a coward now? How can the brave Danes be afraid of a bunch of barbarians?" Robert

  pulled He sneered and said: "Don't be stupid. Everyone has seen the military strength of the Kingdom of Prussia. In the

  last Prussian-Danish War, our troops were beaten dizzy by the Prussians. Did you know that more than 30,000 people were sacrificed? In the end, we lost the war.

  The Prussians were not driven away by us at all. They were scared away by the Russian threat of force. If we relied on our own strength, the Jutland Peninsula would have to change its owner. The Kingdom of Denmark has

  already It has declined, and now we are just a small country surviving under the wings of a big country. This kind of war is not suitable for us." ... The

  two

  of them walked further and further away, and the voice gradually disappeared from Lux's ears. This was not the first time he heard such a conversation. The old Lux ​​sighed, Denmark is no longer the Denmark it once was.

  Even in the failed Prudential War more than ten years ago, the courage shown by the Danes was still unparalleled. Lux personally participated in that war.

  Even though they suffered heavy losses and suffered repeated defeats, they still kept fighting. A large number of young people took the initiative to join the army and fought hard against the Prussians.

  Under the Prussian attack, they held out for more than a year without yielding. Now, the younger generation has pinned its hopes on the intervention of foreign powers.

  There is no way, the Kingdom of Denmark is really in decline. Excluding the two principalities. The population of the Kingdom of Denmark is less than 2 million, about 1.66 million to be exact.

  Population is not everything a country has, but without enough population, the country will not be strong.

  In the last war, the Prussians did not capture the two principalities, but they severely damaged the vitality of the Danish Kingdom. Many people still have lingering fears about the war.

  They are so loud that if they were to go to the battlefield, each of them would be more cowardly than anyone else.

  In contrast, the Kingdom of Prussia was another story. Since the Berlin government issued the mobilization order, militia reserves from various places have spontaneously rushed to the designated location to assemble.

  After being forced to admit defeat in the last Prussian War, the Prussians were very unconvinced. If the Mao Xiong wasn't a little too powerful, they would have acted recklessly.

  The subsequent ridicule from the German region made the younger generation of Prussia feel even more ashamed and wanted to wash away the shame of the year.

  The Russians are indeed powerful, but the younger generation are not afraid at all. Newborn calves are not afraid of tigers. A group of middle school teenagers believe that once the war starts, all countries in the German region will support them.

  There is nothing wrong with this statement, as long as the Prussian government is willing to get the support of the countries in the German region.

  It's very easy to operate, just go back to the Shinra era. As long as the Berlin government dares to do so, the Vienna government will not mind tearing up the Russian-Austrian alliance.

  Anyway, the Russian Empire is now weak, and with Britain and France as teammates, we can all go and kick the Russian Empire together, and then step on it twice, and it will be done.

  The specific operation is to dismember Russia and make Finland, the three Baltic countries, Poland, Belarus, Ukraine, Bulgaria, the Caucasus, Central Asia, and the Far East independent.

  After such a wave of operations, the population of the Russian Empire was directly cut in half. Even if you want to play the Soviet model of explosion, Comrade Lenin has not been born yet?

  After dealing with one side of the threat, I will no longer be afraid to face Franz from England and France. The worst thing is to stabilize Napoleon III first. If Italy doesn't have enough area, then add the Low Countries.

  In the face of interests, any conflicts can be put aside. Now that there is no unforgettable hatred between Germany and France, it is impossible not to eat the fat meat that is delivered to the door.

  Greater Germany and Greater France appeared at the same time, and John Bull was probably confused as to which one he should attack first. If one operation is not good, another European company will become the dominant player.

  As long as the British hesitated and allowed Austria to integrate the German region, they would be invincible later.

  The human wave tactic could kill the French. In this era, John Bull did not have the ability to organize millions of cannon fodder and send them to the European continent for consumption.

  There is no doubt that this is just a prerequisite for the establishment of the German nationalists: that the rulers of all countries in the German region have no selfish motives.

  This idea is a bit naive, but idealists cannot expect too much. Now, those who dare to fight against guns and go to the battlefield to fight for the unification of Germany are all outstanding talents.

  Moltke, the Prussian Chief of General Staff, has personally entered the army to take command. Because we cannot use the banner of German regional reunification, it is difficult to write inspiring slogans now.

  What's even more troublesome is explaining to the soldiers why the banner of unifying Germany cannot be used. To put it bluntly, it would definitely not work because of interests. Austria's tormented New HRE system has already won the approval of the majority of the German people.

  The rights of the ruling class are damaged, but they don't care about ordinary people's affairs. Their interests have not been harmed, so they are more likely to benefit.

  Looking at the combat report with the word "Germany", Moltke frowned and said: "Replace all these contents. All future military documents will have Prussia as the core. Deutschland is the name of a region and cannot represent our country." ."

  The middle-aged officer objected: "Your Excellency, Chief of General Staff, this time we are going to regain the two principalities in the German region. Wouldn't it be bad to get rid of Germany?" Without this banner, the legal basis is insufficient, and it can even be said that there is no legal basis at all

  . in accordance with.

  We can’t continue to use the German nation, and we can’t use the banner of the German nation, right? This involves a wider scope, and the Danes are all considered the northern branch of the Germanic nation.

  If the flag of the Kingdom of Prussia is directly used, the people of Schleswig and Holstein will not buy it.

  This is a unique cultural feature of Europe. If you put it another way, no one would recognize it.

  However, there are no ifs in politics. After discovering that there is no chance to unify the German region, the Berlin government has decided to de-Germanize it, just like Belgium, the Netherlands, and Switzerland, which are self-contained systems.

  This is also the will of Britain and France. If they want to prevent the unification of the German region once and for all, the most effective way is to separate them.

  Moltke glared at him fiercely and said: "Major General Amanda, I don't want to hear any reasons. Now you just need to execute the order!"...

  (

  End of this chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-369. Chapter 359 The Second Collapse of the Vienna System-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 359 The Second Collapse of the Vienna System

  The sudden outbreak of the Prussian-Danish War instantly made the situation in Europe become serious.

  The Danish government requires all countries to intervene in the war in accordance with the Prussian Armistice Treaty and the agreements reached by the Vienna System countries, and impose sanctions on the Kingdom of Prussia for violating the rules.

  In theory, the Danish government's demands were supported, and the Kingdom of Prussia was jointly suppressed by European countries. It even had to pay huge war indemnities or cede territory as punishment.

  There is no doubt that the complex relationship between the four countries of Britain, France, Russia and Austria makes it difficult for the Danes to meet their demands.

  ...

  After experiencing the lessons of a war in the Near East, isolationism within the British government prevailed, and they advocated avoiding being involved in European disputes as much as possible.

  The Prime Minister's official residence in Downing Street is discussing how the London government should deal with the changing situation in Europe.

  Foreign Minister Reislin analyzed: "The Prussians suddenly provoked the Prussian-Danish War, mainly because Russia, France and Austria put too much pressure on them. At the same time, they

  bordered three big countries, and the mainland was separated by two places. The Berlin government has been They all have a strong sense of urgency, fearing that they will be carved up by the three countries if they are not careful.

  As early as the 1853 Paris Conference, when it came to dividing the German region, we proposed to exchange land between the Kingdom of Prussia and the German Federal Empire. As a result, the differences between the two sides were too great. The big failure failed.

  The Kingdom of Prussia lost an opportunity to merge with the mainland and had to maintain a huge armament to ensure the security of its own territory.

  Now the French are peeking at their Rhineland region, and the Austrians want to take back Silesia and Prussian Saxony region, the Russians were ambitious for Prussian Poland.

  The three countries did not take action, mainly because they were restrained by each other and could not reach an agreement on their interests.

  Austria and France have been unable to reach a compromise on the ownership of the Rhineland region, and Russia and Austria on the Silesia region The ownership is also controversial.

  Taking advantage of the contradictions among various countries and its own strength, the Kingdom of Prussia was temporarily saved, but the crisis was still not resolved. In

  In fact, as early as 1853, someone in the country proposed to support Prussia and combine the German Confederation and the merger of the Kingdom of Prussia gave the European continent its full strength.

  This plan was aborted before it even started. The price we had to pay to support the Kingdom of Prussia was too high, but the effect it could play was very limited. Even once

  this country was established, it would suffer To the end of the disaster. In order to ensure its leadership position in the German region, the Vienna government is likely to compromise with France and Russia in exchange for incomplete German regional unification. That is: the French

  obtain the German territory west of the Rhine, and Austria gives up Italian regions; the Russians gained East Prussia, West Prussia, Pomerania, Posen, Silesia and parts of Austrian Poland; Austria unified the remaining German regions. To avoid the worst,

  we The choice of the plan to divide the German region into three promoted the establishment of the second Vienna System and created peace and stability on the European continent for more than ten years. After the French

  annexed the Kingdom of Sardinia, everyone realized that the Vienna System was coming to an end. The Kingdom of Prussia has the deepest sense of crisis.

  They chose to carry out military adventures when the Russians were at their weakest, and they had no choice but to do so. As long as there is turmoil in the European continent, they will be involved. Now the Berlin government wants to take advantage of all European

  countries, including us., don't want to see the opportunity for the Russians to complete their reforms and use it as a weapon for everyone to attack the Russians." "It

  is impossible to support the Kingdom of Prussia. Now is the industrial age. Where can we find a market for them?

  But we support them to attack the Russians. It seems somewhat feasible. If we can take this opportunity to unite European countries to interrupt the Russians' reform path, or even split Russia, it would be the best." Finance Minister Agarwal said this

  is Regarding practical issues, if you open a history book, you will know that the British have supported many countries. But in fact, this kind of support is very limited, and it is always generous to others.

  There is no such enemy on the European continent now, and there is no neighbor around Prussia to mess with, and they will be divided up before they can grow up.

  To put it bluntly, now that the cake has been divided up, new countries that rise can only steal food from the old empires. Russia, France and Austria will not give them this opportunity. The more British support there is, the faster Prussia will die.

  Admiral Edward objected: "It's not that easy. If the Russians collapse so easily, they are not worthy of being our biggest enemy. Whether it is the

  Polish independence movement or the Kingdom of Prussia, they can only cause some trouble for the Russians. To defeat this great empire, France and Austria must go into battle in person. I don’t think France and Austria can be persuaded to join forces to suppress the Russians now. The Austrians have always maintained the Russian-

  Austrian alliance because they are worried about becoming the target of Russian invasion, and they are even willing to The Russians put themselves in the Balkans.

  There are too many areas bordering the Russians. Unless the Austrians can be convinced that the Russians can be crippled, the Vienna government cannot take risks. I

  suggest limited investment and just cause chaos for the Russians. It's very unrealistic to solve the Russian problem at once. We don't need to take risks."

  Foreign Minister Reislin said: "I also support limited investment. We can provide loans, weapons and ammunition to the Kingdom of Prussia and Polish independent organizations. There is no need to personally participate. .

  There seems to be a problem with the Russian government, but the army of the tsarist government is not in chaos. The troops that were annihilated in Poland were all Polish locals who had just been recruited, and they did not represent the true strength of the tsarist army at all. This time it was able to consume the Russians

  . A part of the strength can interrupt or delay their reform process, which is considered a success."

  ...

  In Paris, the French government almost made a decision similar to the British, giving money, weapons, and volunteers, but only He will not send troops personally.

  Even Napoleon III was ready to take advantage of the situation, but the target of the robbery was not the Russians, but Prussia, which was still barely an ally.

  The successful annexation of the Kingdom of Sardinia has aroused the ambition of the French. The capitalists could not bear the embarrassing situation of insufficient coal supply and having to import it at high prices, and constantly encouraged the government to take action in the Rhineland.

  The power of capital is powerful, and the French government is inevitably affected by the money offensive. Failure to take action means that Napoleon III has an online brain and knows the bottom line of each country.

  Don't think that the joint defense treaty between various countries is a joke. If they really cross the line, it might be another anti-French alliance.

  The probability of this happening is as high as 80%, so Napoleon III naturally couldn't take the risk. Even if we want to take action, we must bring people into the water to share the international pressure.

  The current support for the Kingdom of Prussia is nothing more than to cheer up the Berlin government. Win or lose, the French stand to profit.

  If the Prussians are lucky enough to pull the Russians from their position as the European hegemon, they will make a lot of money.

  As for whether the Kingdom of Prussia will grow bigger, it is completely outside the scope of Napoleon III's consideration. Even if you want to expand, you have to have space.

  If the Prussians dared to annex Russian land, it is estimated that all European countries would support their just actions, which would be very satisfying.

  The prerequisite is to survive the revenge of the tsarist government, otherwise all the benefits will only exist temporarily and are destined to be lost.

  …

  There is no doubt that the decision of Britain and France directly announced the collapse of the second Vienna System. As the two dominant powers, they took the lead in breaking the rules. How could it be maintained?

  After Britain and France stated their positions, Franz naturally would not choose to persist in a thankless manner. Anyway, the historical role of this system has been played out.

  After more than ten years of development, Austria's strength has undergone earth-shaking changes and can withstand the impact of European chaos.

  The only major country that insists on this system is the Russian Empire. They want to continue to maintain this system, and that is why the terms in the Vienna System are now beneficial to them.

  For example: on the issue of the Prussian-Danish War, the Tsarist government could use the agreement reached in the Second Vienna System as a legal basis to attack the Kingdom of Prussia.

  With the legal basis in hand, the direct consequence is that most European public opinion supports the Kingdom of Denmark. This war is recognized by the public as: Prussia is invading Denmark.

  Due to the pressure of public opinion, Britain and France's support for Prussia was limited to covert support. Overtly, except for the German Confederation and Austria, all countries were condemning the Prussian government.

  Not condemning the Prussian government does not mean supporting them. After experiencing the last Prussian-Danish War, the people in the German region had no confidence in the Prussian government.

  The Munich Daily criticized the Prussian government as a robber, accusing the Prussian government of sending troops to rob Denmark in order to get rid of financial difficulties. It was not at all to safeguard German sovereignty.

  This is information left over from the last Prussian-Danish War. There are pictures and facts, which can prove that the Prussian army organized robbery activities.

  There is no need to explain, the armies of all European countries in this era are like this. As long as there are no troops robbing the country, military discipline can be regarded as strict.

  The Vienna Daily News directly commented: The Prussian government has no money and is preparing to use the Prussian-Danish War to defraud donations.

  The people who were deceived have the most say, and many people still remember it. Even after more than ten years, the Prussian government is often pulled out and flogged.

  In line with public opinion, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Vienna immediately issued a declaration of neutrality. There is no support for that, not even verbal support.

  The Prussian government did not even dare to shout the slogan of safeguarding German sovereignty, and the German nationalists were also very dissatisfied.

  Those who originally intended to support the Kingdom of Prussia in regaining the two principalities also backed down at this time. Many people worry that Prussia's approach is to completely separate from Germany and form its own system like Switzerland and the Netherlands.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-370.Chapter 360 Alone-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 360: Alone. The Prudential

  War led to the collapse of the Vienna System, which caused disharmony for many small countries in Europe. Without the protection of this system, everyone would return to an era of precarity.

  As a rule breaker, Prussia naturally attracted enough hatred. The most direct consequence is that all countries sided with the Danes in the Prussian-Danish War.

  Of course, this does not prevent everyone from supporting the Prussians in the confrontation between Prussia and Russia. International politics has always been about supporting what is beneficial to oneself and opposing what affects one's own interests.

  St. Petersburg, the whole world awaited the action of the Tsarist government.

  If it were the era of Nicholas I, then there would be only one word to say - fight. It is not difficult for the Russian Empire to defeat Prussia with its strong strength.

  How much it will cost is difficult to say. At least one thing is certain, as long as the Tsarist government does not seek death, the Kingdom of Prussia will not be able to counterattack.

  Just look at the map and you will know how big the Russian Empire is. Prussia has no possibility of attacking directly. Once the war begins, it will be a war of attrition.

  The Russians are least afraid of a war of attrition, and at the same time they are most afraid of a war of attrition. The tsarist government lacked nothing but money.

  Alexander II hesitated, he did not want to fight this war now. If you don't have money in your pocket, you won't have the confidence to speak. Prussia is easy to deal with, but Britain and France behind it are very difficult to deal with.

  Foreign Minister Clarence Ivanov analyzed: "Your Majesty, the positions of European countries have become clear. Countries have condemned Prussia's illegal actions, but no country has taken substantive actions. It can be initially judged that Britain and France have

  imposed The purpose of letting them remain neutral in the Prussian-Danish War is to attack us.

  If we cannot save the Kingdom of Denmark, our international reputation will inevitably be damaged, or even lose our current international status.

  The Prussians have a very firm attitude and have refused We advise you. If you want to keep the Kingdom of Denmark, diplomacy will no longer work. You can only rely on force." "Didn't

  the Austrians take any action? Did they just let the Vienna system collapse?" Alexander II asked with concern,

  "As early as when the Kingdom of Denmark merged the two principalities of Schleswig and Holstein last year, Austria severed diplomatic relations with the Kingdom of Denmark.

  Now that relations between the two countries have not been able to normalize, the possibility of the Vienna government supporting the Kingdom of Denmark is almost zero. "Foreign Minister Clarence Ivanov replied.

  Obviously, this is not the answer Alexander II wanted. The severance of diplomatic relations between Austria and Denmark is not due to a conflict of interest between the two countries. In fact, it is more of a political necessity.

  The Vienna government deliberately made a gesture to the people of the German region, showing that their determination to unify the German region has never weakened.

  Political correctness works for every. Now that Prussia broke the Vienna System and launched a war against the Danes, it made sense for Austria government not to take action.

  Prussia is a German country after all, but Denmark is not. The question of whether to help relatives or help is very obvious. If the Vienna government is neutral, it means that it has a bad relationship with the Prussian relatives.

  After a long silence, Alexander II continued to ask: "If we go to war with the Kingdom of Prussia, which side will Austria be on?"

  This is the core question. Prussia has already won the support of Britain and France, and most European countries want to see Russia fail. Without Austrian support, this war would not have been fought.

  Foreign Minister Clarence Ivanov explained: "It is not yet completely certain. Judging from the intelligence collected so far, the probability of the Vienna government supporting us is higher.

  They want to unify the German regions, and the Kingdom of Prussia is the largest. Obstacle, a strong Prussia is not in their interests.

  Even if the Kingdom of Prussia is willing to join the Holy Ra Empire, the Vienna government does not want to see a powerful state appear to weaken their control of the empire." After hesitating for a while

  , Alexander II made a decision: "Tell the Vienna government that as long as we win this war, the Silesia region will be theirs.

  Except that they cannot be allowed to unify the German region, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs can consider other conditions at its own discretion. This war We cannot do without their support."

  Fight, we must fight. The status of the Russian Empire was achieved with one knife and one shot. Why should a tsar who dared not fight lead Russia?

  Destroying the Kingdom of Prussia will not work. That will create an opportunity for Austria to unify the German region, but it is very necessary to teach this rebellious little brother a lesson.

  Alexander II had already figured out that there was no way to hide. All European countries want to interrupt Russia's reforms. Even if they escape this time, there will be another time.

  Once the Russian Empire shows even the slightest sign of weakness, there will be a situation where wolves eat tigers. Austria, now the strongest ally, may also become a vanguard in carving up Russia.

  The best choice is to get rid of Prussia, which first emerged to establish its power, otherwise the Russian Empire will inevitably have its flesh cut off.

  ...

  Mexico Palace, since he ascended the throne of emperor, Maximiliano I burst out with great enthusiasm and worked hard to build Mexico into a great empire.

  He is diligent, loves the people, works hard to govern, does not lean towards any interest group, and strives to be fair and impartial as much as possible. He even pardoned Republicans and spared his political enemies.

  Then, as time passed, he found helplessly that the domestic situation did not improve, but instead worsened.

  Pardoning the republicans did not ease the political struggle at home. In a blink of an eye, these people ran out to gather troops and rebel against the emperor.

  The emperor worked diligently and loved the people, but the bureaucrats below acted recklessly, and the result was of course to no avail.

  The most desperate thing was notarization and fairness. The constitutionalists who supported his ascension did not occupy a dominant position in the new government. Maximiliano I shared power with the centrists and opposition parties, which aroused their dissatisfaction.

  Many members of the constitutional faction despaired of the emperor and believed that their investment was in vain.

  After all, Maximiliano was already the emperor, and even if the constitutionalists regretted it, there was no way to find a new emperor.

  Maximiliano selectively retained most of the achievements of the previous government's reforms, because he did not consider the acclimatization, which aroused dissatisfaction among all classes in the country.

  For example: at the beginning of the succession, the Catholic Church also made great efforts in order to regain the land they lost.

  This part of the land was not distributed to the people. Most of it fell into the hands of the republican bureaucrats and the big landowners and big capitalists who supported them. Now that the Republicans have lost politically, the church is naturally going to fight back.

  Under normal circumstances, Maximilian I would definitely stand on the side of his supporters and fight against the enemy of the Republicans.

  However, he believed that the church should not hold too much land. These lands were nationalized and the government sold them to private individuals, which was a legal transaction.

  There is no doubt that this violates the principle of party unity and opposition to differences. If it cannot bring benefits to his supporters, naturally he should not expect everyone to continue to support him.

  It can be said that in just a few months, Maximiliano I not only failed to cultivate a regime of his own cronies, but instead drove many of his supporters to the opposite side.

  This is just part of it. The most typical case of committing suicide was that shortly after Maximiliano I took the throne, he tripled the debt of the Mexican Empire.

  As an idealist, he is naturally very easy to fool.

  He faced a financial crisis just after he took the throne. The government needed funds to operate. The French army that intervened in the Mexican Civil War needed rewards, and the treasury had long since run away with mice.

  Faced with this dilemma, Maximilian I could only borrow money from abroad. As his supporters, the French naturally ate this piece of cake, but their appetite was a bit big.

  In addition to the French, the interests of the other two intervening countries also need to be protected. Acknowledging the debt owed by previous governments is one of them.

  Here Maximilian I made another mistake. Many of the debts were actually illegal and did not need to be inherited by the new government. He took them all.

  The famous "Accords of Miramar" was signed. Maximilian I entrusted the Bank of France to issue 114 million pesos of bonds, of which the French withheld one-third to repay their own debts and another quarter to repay their debts. Debt of other countries.

  Including the messy handling fees, only 42.18 million pesos were left in Maximiliano's hands. This money also had to pay for the military expenses of the French garrison and maintain the operation of the government.

  Without doing anything, the debt tripled. The knowledgeable people in Mexico naturally looked down upon this emperor.

  Even if you want a loan, you still have to consider the actual situation. The Mexican government had no money to repay this debt, and now the French asked Maximilian I to mortgage the tariffs.

  Maximilian I reacted and found that he had been deceived.

  The Mexican Empire is not as wealthy as outside rumors say, and it is true that it is rich in silver. However, most of these minerals have the background of great powers, and they do not receive much tax at all.

  Maximilian I knew the importance of customs and was unwilling to hand it over to the French. The secret agreement period between the two parties ended.

  "Your Majesty, this is a treaty, please sign it!"

  Bazin, the French commander in Mexico, took out a document and handed it to Maximiliano I without showing any respect for the emperor.

  Maximilian I picked up the document, tore it into pieces without looking at it, and threw it all over the floor. He said in a cold tone: "Okay, you can get out now."

  As a direct descendant of the Habsburg family, Maximiliano also had a temper. The French don't give him face, so naturally they can't let him give him face.

  Bazin left the palace with a livid face, but after all he still didn't say any threatening words. It's one thing not to take Maximiliano seriously, but on the surface he still doesn't dare to mess around.

  He is not a republican mob. France is also a monarchy. Maintaining the dignity of the monarch is the common will of all European monarchies, so Bazin will naturally not violate taboos.

  It doesn't matter if you can't get the emperor's signature, it doesn't matter if you get the cabinet's signature. Originally, the French were prepared to find a high-ranking official to sign at will, and then create an established fact.

  Now that the Paris government has even appointed officials to serve as Mexican customs officials, they are just waiting to complete a legal formality before taking office.

  It was only because of a conflict between Baden and Maximilian I during a banquet that he deliberately took out the documents to provoke Maximiliano.

  From the beginning, the French just wanted a puppet emperor. Unfortunately, Maximiliano did not cooperate at all and was still trying to be a good monarch.

  However, this effort largely worsened the situation. As the emperor promoted by the French through a coalition of constitutionalists, conservatives, and churches, Maximiliano did not stand politically with the class that supported him.

  He whimsically wants to be the most impartial monarch and not be the spokesperson of any political faction. He hopes to establish a moderate government that will be recognized by all parties.

  At present, he has successfully completed half of his goals, achieved fairness and justice, and has not become the spokesperson of any class or interest group.

  The remaining half will probably never be done. If it weren't for the domestic political group that required him to withstand the pressure from the French, Maximiliano would be truly alone now.

  (End of chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-371. Chapter 361 The Federal Government's Counterattack-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 361 The Federal Government's Counterattack

  The French's unscrupulous expansion of power in Mexico naturally aroused dissatisfaction from all walks of life in Mexico, and Maximiliano I was also involved.

  Maximiliano, who did not notice the change in identity, took measures to intensify the contradiction and pierce this layer of window paper.

  He directly protested to Napoleon III: The French army acted recklessly and violated Mexico's sovereignty, and the result was naturally tragic.

  From the perspective of France, the actions of these French troops are undoubtedly in their interests.

  Napoleon III, who was good at changing faces, ignored the protests. Instead, they accused Maximiliano and the Mexican government of having no management skills and being unable to even maintain national stability, and the French had to do it for them.

  Both sides hit the point and started a verbal spat. Because of the intensification of internal fighting, the Republican rebels led by Juarez escaped.

  You know, when the Republican guerrillas led by Juarez were at their most critical, there were only a few hundred people left, hiding in the mountains and forests to survive.

  Maximiliano did not realize the dangers of the rebels. He pardoned many Republican political prisoners and asked these people to bring a letter to Juárez.

  He also promised in the letter that as long as he recognized his throne and gave up armed rebellion, he would pardon all rebels.

  Well, it was actually Maximiliano who admired patriots like Juarez, tried to solve problems through peaceful means, and absorbed these people for his own use.

  Deep in the canyon, at the headquarters of the Free Mexican Army, Juarez warmly welcomed his comrades who had escaped.

  A middle-aged man said: "Your Excellency, this is a letter from Maximiliano to you."

  There is no doubt that Maximiliano I's approach did not have the expected effect. The pardoned political prisoners I still don't agree with him as the emperor, and there is no so-called gratitude.

  The reason is very practical. Maximiliano cannot meet their interests and needs, and the two sides are destined to become enemies.

  In the eyes of many people, this political pardon is still a stain in their lives, which will make people doubt their loyalty to the revolution. It can only be washed away by erasing the emperor.

  After reading the letter, Juarez sneered and said: "This idiot is daydreaming and actually wants us to surrender."

  After speaking, Juarez glanced at everyone to see their reactions. He was satisfied with the result, and no one advocated surrender.

  A confidant suggested: "Your Excellency, this is also an opportunity. If we can take the opportunity to kill the government troops outside, our crisis will be lifted." Juarez nodded, and the French and

  Mexican government forces joined forces to encircle and suppress them. Free The army was compressed in one place.

  Although the canyon area is vast, the local population is not large, and most of them are Indian tribes.

  Juárez is also an Indian, and most of the Free Army members were Indians, so they survived. However, the conflicts between Indian tribes are no less than those with white people, and it is not so easy to deceive cannon fodder.

  Most of those who have been able to persist until now are his close associates, but it is the Republicans who have just been pardoned, whose loyalty cannot be determined.

  Juarez encouraged morale and said: "Don't worry, everyone, the difficulties are only temporary. The American Civil War is coming to an end. No matter who is the winner, they don't want to see a Mexican emperor. Soon we will be able to obtain a steady stream of weapons and ammunition

  . Drive out the French invaders and overthrow that idiot emperor."

  There is no doubt that they have now hooked up with both the North and the South. But because of the civil war, both sides did not provide them with support.

  The southern government did not dare to offend the foreign powers and did not give a clear answer. Although the northern government openly opposed Maximiliano's succession, it did not want to provoke Britain, France and Ossi.

  Although Maximiliano seemed to be promoted only by the French, in fact the three countries of Britain, Austria and the West also expressed their support.

  It's just that the French directly sent troops and took a dominant position in Mexico. Maximiliano's political methods were not up to par, and he failed to use the three countries to check and balance the French.

  This is one of the reasons why Juarez is unwilling to compromise. A political idiot is destined to lose his position. If Maximiliano was a hero, it would be impossible for him to do such a childish thing.

  The pardoning of political prisoners has undoubtedly strengthened the organizational capabilities of the Free Army. Maybe these people can't fight with guns, but they can fool more people into rebelling.

  ...

  The news of the collapse of the Vienna System reached the United States as quickly as possible. President Lincoln breathed a sigh of relief. Changes in the situation in Europe will definitely restrain the energy of various countries and create opportunities for them to unify the United States.

  Soon he looked bitter again. No matter how the situation in Europe changes, at least the southern government must be brought down first!

  But the battle he carefully prepared turned into a war of attrition with the southern government. On average, one group is being reduced every day. This has been going on for several months, and there is still no chance of winning.

  Even if the northern government has a manpower advantage, it has dropped from 1.65:1 before the war to 1.3:1 now. This advantage is no longer obvious.

  The butterfly effect is powerful, and the weakening of the population advantage directly leads to a significant decrease in the war potential of the North.

  If Lincoln hadn't insisted on implementing the Abolition of Slavery Act and the Homestead Act, which mobilized everyone's enthusiasm to join the army, it would have been the southern government that won the victory.

  Secretary of State Safar said: "Your Excellency, according to the intelligence analysis we have received, the probability of war between Russia and the Kingdom of Prussia is as high as seven.

  Most of Britain and France will support Prussia. Spain's position is unclear, and the Austrians should be very conflicted. .

  The Vienna government not only wanted the Russians to fail and increase their voice in the Russian-Austrian alliance, but also did not want to see the Kingdom of Prussia grow bigger and make it more difficult for them to unify the German region.

  Once the war breaks out, Britain and France will definitely cause trouble to the Russians in other areas, and the Tsarist government's support for us will probably stop immediately. "

  Safar's words undoubtedly told Lincoln not to expect that the situation in Europe would get out of control and that all countries would give up intervening in the American Civil War. The

  most profound implication of this change in Europe is the breakdown of relations between Britain, France and Russia, and the intervention of the four countries of Britain, France, and Austria in the alliance did not There was no internal conflict.

  Even if the situation in Europe involved their energy, the forces of various countries in the Americas could also intervene in this war. After all, the strength of the North and the South was too close, and the addition of external forces could break the balance at any time. After hesitating for a moment

  , Lincoln prepared for the worst.

  "Create public opinion, emphasize the interference of Britain, France, and Austria in our internal affairs, and shift the responsibility for the continued civil war to them!"

  Also contact the revolutionary parties and independent organizations we support, whose efforts are now needed. They are not required to achieve results, as long as they can distract the attention of various countries. "

  The United States is hated by people, and it is not without reason. After 1848, revolutionary parties and independent organizations from various European countries basically met here. For example: the Hungarian Independent Organization, the French Revolutionary Party, the Spanish Revolutionary Party, the

  Irish Revolutionary Party, Independent organizations, the Italian Carbonari Party... these organizations all received funding from Americans.

  Of course, the U.S. government in this era was not so domineering and did not dare to directly provide financial assistance to these organizations. Most of them were funded by the American people through donations. Recruitment.

  In any case, the U.S. federal government still provided them with help. Otherwise, organizations like the Hungarian Independence Organization that have lost their roots would have long ago disappeared in the long history. Who made

  their Hungarian nation only have 600,000 people? What? Half of them entered the labor camp and worked for Austria's transportation construction.

  But the people at the bottom of the Hungarian area suddenly transformed into Austrians. Regardless of blood and cultural traditions, people think they are Austrians, that is Austrians.

  There is no way. When they were Hungarians, they were serfs and did not receive human rights in the Republic of Hungary.

  Even though this illegal organization only existed for a few months, it was still enough for propaganda.

  Just Even the previous serfdom was blamed on the rulers of the Kingdom of Hungary. Anyway, it had nothing to do with the great emperor. It was the emperor who abolished serfdom and gave everyone land. The large number of people at the bottom did not buy it, and the top leaders again during the Great

  Revolution Under normal circumstances, the Hungarian independence organization should have disappeared, but it was still supported by the Americans.

  Maybe this is just habitual, but it also made the Vienna government very unhappy. This time Austria participated in the intervention in the American Civil War. Eradicating the Hungarian independence organization was one of Franz's reasons for persuading the government.

  Similarly, the French Revolutionary Party also fled to the United States for political asylum after the failure of the revolution. Although the Spanish Revolutionary Party is still fighting the government, it still needs financial support from the United States. Not

  to mention the Irish Independence Organization, almost all the Irish people moved here, and the independent organization naturally followed, which is the largest among these organizations. Secretary of State Safar objected: "Your Excellency, the strength of these

  organizations It's limited, and at most it's just a small stir, and it's hard to have much effect.

  Moreover, I am afraid that the consequences of doing so will be very serious. It may anger other countries and worsen our situation. "

  It's not that Safar looks down on these organizations. It's because, with the exception of Spain, the three countries of Britain, France and Austria are now very stable and do not have the conditions for a revolution. After hesitating, President

  Lincoln said with a wry smile: "We have reached this point, whether we can do it or not. If we do, they will all be on the opposite side of us.

  Of course, if we lose this battle, maybe they will become our allies again, who knows?

  Make things a little more subtle, and don't let people from the federal government come forward. Instead, find the sponsors who support them to come forward and force them to take action.

  Whether it is launching an uprising, assassinating political figures, or organizing a parade, all it takes is to distract the attention of various countries.

  I remember that the Italian Carbonari once planned an assassination attempt in an attempt to provoke a Franco-Austrian war. We can also hint to various organizations to follow suit. "

  The bottom line is non-existent. If it can disrupt countries and reduce their pressure, President Lincoln doesn't mind going a little more extreme. Secretary of State

  Safar nodded. At this point, we can only take risks. Anyway,

  the worst The situation is nothing more than the division of the United States. Under the interference of the great powers, the possibility of American reunification is now very low. If there is no risk, it is simply impossible. ...Delaware, the Hungarian Independence Organization is meeting in a mansion

  .

  Said It was a meeting, rather it was for the funders behind the Hungarian independence organization to hold them accountable.

  Areste, a Hungarian-American capitalist, asked: "Stephen, it's been so many years, and you haven't made any movement at all. Have you forgotten the vow you made - to revive the great Hungary? "

  Stephen was the one who slipped through the net after the failure of the Hungarian War of Independence. Because he visited the Ottoman Empire to seek help at that time, he escaped the liquidation of the Vienna government. The

  top leaders were all dead, and middle-level revolutionaries like him became the leaders. Later, the Ottomans The empire was cowarded and did not dare to continue to support them, so it was forced to flee to the United States.

  After years of influence, the once passionate young man Stephen no longer existed. Now as the leader of the Hungarian Revolutionary Party, he has become a politician.

  Stephen He explained calmly: “Mr. Aleister, Hungary’s independence cannot be accomplished overnight.

  Mr. Kossuth failed because he was too impatient.

  Now the Austrians are still strong. After the Great Revolution, Hungary was divided into seven parts. The Vienna government took advantage of the checks and balances of ethnic minorities in Hungary. It is difficult for us to succeed in launching an uprising now. "

  Aleister sneered and said: "I also know why that idiot Kossuth failed, but can't you settle for the second best?

  Even if you cannot be completely independent, obtaining a state seat in the new Holy Roman Empire is still a good idea. No? It’s really not possible. Obtaining the status of an autonomous province is also a victory!

  You don’t need an armed uprising. You just mobilize the people to take to the streets to demonstrate and put pressure on the Vienna government. Sooner or later they will compromise."

  Someone's There are local circles, and the Hungarian nation's influence in the United States is almost zero, so it cannot provide him with help. As a successful capitalist, Aleister naturally has low moral integrity.

  In order to achieve better development, he chose to cooperate with the federal government and act as the black hand manipulating the Hungarian independence organization.

  It can be seen from his evaluation of Kossuth that he has no respect for the Hungarian independence organization. He was completely giving orders from the position of a superior.

  As for whether Hungary can be independent, what does it have to do with him? From the perspective of personal interests, Aleister would rather Hungary never be independent so that he can continue to maintain his current unique status.

  All the attention being paid now is just to create chaos in Austria. It doesn't matter whether the Vienna government will compromise. As long as the Hungarian independence organization makes a move, he can hand over to the federal government.

  After getting along for so long, Stephen naturally understood Aleister's nature, and both parties were using each other.

  Everyone needs to live. More than ten years have passed. Many members of the Hungarian independent organization, including Stephen, have industries in the United States. The energy they spend on managing their own industries far exceeds the investment in independent organizations.

  As for the great cause of Hungary's independence, it is naturally left to the middle school boys to complete it. Do you still want these old guys to charge into the battle?

  After so many years, there are only more than 200,000 Hungarians registered in Austria, which shows a lot of problems.

  In the face of reality, many people have selectively changed their ethnicity. Perhaps in a few decades, this nation will disappear in the long river of history.

  Everyone knows these situations clearly. There are no people left, and I am still alone. Many of the younger generation in Hungary do not know the Hungarian nation.

  To put it bluntly, the Hungarian nation emerged only a few decades ago. If no accidents occurred, their "father of the nation" would still be alive.

  Before this, there was no concept of the Hungarian nation at all. This is also the reason why many Hungarian people accept the Austrian ethnic group. No one has ever told them that they belong to the Hungarian ethnic group.

  Some people now propose to rename the Hungarian Independence Organization to the Austrian Revolutionary Party, but they are opposed by the older generation, which means a complete rejection of their efforts.

  Stephen thought for a while and said: "Mr. Aleister, if we want to change the way of struggle now, we need a lot of manpower and material resources, and a certain amount of preparation time."

  Before that, the Hungarian Independent Organization had only two businesses, development. Secret party members and assassinations.

  It’s not that I’ve never done anything to organize people, but the ending is usually quite tragic. People talking too much can be used anywhere. Often in the process of connecting people, you don’t know who is reporting them.

  Not everyone is willing to fight for independence with them. The vast majority of people in Hungary are satisfied with their current lives and have no desire for revolution.

  The older generation who had experienced the Great Revolution regarded them as scourges. When independent organizations were operating in Hungary, they did not dare to mention independence at all.

  The reason for doing things is to obtain funds. If American donors stop funding, this organization will be disbanded in a few years.

  In fact, historically this independent organization died midway, and the people who later led Hungary's independence had nothing to do with them.

  Aleister pretended to complain and said: "I know, I want to see the results first. Your inactivity will wear away the public's patience with you. It is

  not easy to organize public donations now, especially in recent years, Hungarian compatriots No more immigrating to the United States."

  Everyone in the independent organization's expressions darkened, this is the most important thing. The lack of Hungarian immigrants to the United States also means that it is difficult for their organization to absorb new blood.

  This also means that their importance to the US government is decreasing. If one day they completely lose their value, maybe the federal government will compromise with Vienna and sell them directly.

  Prior to this, the Hungarian Independence Organization had been sold to many countries, such as Britain, France, Ottoman and other countries.

  Members of the Hungarian Independence Organization who stayed in these countries suddenly encountered accidents and received boxed meals.

  Cold sweat broke out on Stephen's forehead, and he understood that this was not a discussion, but a direct threat. If they can't do this well, the Americans will trade their heads with the Vienna government.

  Don’t think that it’s easy to hide in this era and you can avoid being pursued by the Vienna government. If it's just a person and he can just find a small place in the countryside to hide, everything will be fine.

  But for independent organizations, if they really leave the United States, their good days will come to an end. Not every country will provide them with asylum.

  Stephen promised: "Mr. Aleister, please rest assured that we will do our best in this operation, and you will see the results within half a year." ...

  (

  End of Chapter)

Close
Holy Roman Empire-372. Chapter 362 A worse organization-69 Book Bar
2020-10-31Author : Xin Haiyue 1

  Chapter 362 A worse organization

  After sending away Aleister, Stephen had a headache. It's easy to say, but it's not the same thing at all to operate.

  Austria is not the United States. The Hungarian region is deeply influenced by German culture, especially the compulsory education implemented in the past decade or so, which has affected a generation.

  What is the core of German culture? This question is difficult to answer, but there is a tradition that has always influenced this nation, and that is-military culture.

  A country that includes military training in primary school textbooks is cultivating everyone's discipline from an early age. Discipline has penetrated into the bones of many people.

  As a nation that has become more serious, it's not like you just say a few words and someone will take to the streets with you. If you cannot convince them, they are more likely to send you to the police station.

  In theory, as long as you take the time to persuade, you can organize. In fact, as long as there is an accident in the middle and someone reports it, everything will be lost.

  If Hungarian independence organizations had the ability to mobilize tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of people to march on the streets, they would not be in this situation.

  Stephen asked: "What do you think? It seems that the Americans are afraid that other countries will interfere in this civil war and want us to cause trouble to the Austrians."

  As the leader of an independent organization, he has gradually become a nominal leader. This is America, where liberalism is advocated. Affected by this, Stephen's power was greatly damaged and he could not force any member to order.

  Cesar, a veteran revolutionary, frowned and said: "Mr. Stephen, the current situation is very troublesome. Aleister knows exactly how much strength we have.

  If he hadn't wanted to profit from it and help us cover it, the federal government would have So we canceled the funding for us.

  Our foundation in the country has been lost a long time ago. Even if we still have some connections, it's better to use them once or less. It might be okay to do a

  small favor occasionally, but if we let them know our plan, we won't take it. We ask for credit and reward, and we are considered friends.

  Now we have more than 28,000 members in name. In fact, everyone knows that these people have either seen God or are on the way to see God. For politics

  prisoners He said that the Austrian road-building army has always been able to get in but not get out.

  Now our members, that is, the hundreds of people developing in the United States. It is okay to cause small damage once in a while, but we must carry out big actions and destroy all of us. It's not enough to take them all together .”

  It was precisely because he understood the situation of independent organizations that Aleister came up with the idea to let them organize popular demonstrations instead of armed revolution.

  However, Aleister immigrated to the United States with his parents when he was young and did not understand the actual situation in Austria. His outlook on life and world view are based on the American system, and he takes it for granted that it is very easy to organize mass demonstrations.

  Even if you don't have support, you can build momentum by hiring people. This is indeed not a problem in the United States, but in Austria it is impossible to have fun at all.

  Cesar's so-called sabotage was not actually carried out by Hungarian independent organizations, most of which were self-proclaimed.

  Just like a terrorist organization claiming responsibility for some unrelated events, it is actually just to increase its presence.

  They are no exception. They take the credit for more than 80% of the major cases in Austria.

  It is impossible for Americans to verify it, and they do not dare to verify it. The US government in this era did not have the confidence to cause trouble in Europe. If someone was to send someone to investigate and be discovered, the federal government would not be able to afford it.

  From beginning to end, the federal government never took the initiative to contact them once, and never assigned any tasks. Including the relationship between Aleister and the federal government, everyone is just guessing.

  An old man in his 60s said sternly: "How about we just deal with it casually? The worst is that we won't receive any funds for activities in the future. We all have families and jobs, so we can starve to death. I don't believe that the Americans really dare to hand us over.

  " , Aren't the Americans afraid that we will turn them out?"

  Stephen said calmly: "Mr. Suzali, don't say such childish words. Naturally, the Americans do not dare to let us fall into the hands of the Austrians. This will cause great harm to us." They bring huge trouble.

  But according to the style of the Vienna government, even if we are dead, the Americans don't mind trading our bodies.

  Looking at the revolutionary organizations in European countries, the Austrian revolutionary organizations are the least. They treat The attitude of political prisoners has always been to kill them."

  This is the most frightening thing. Since Franz succeeded to the throne, the Vienna government has not pardoned any political prisoners. Once you become a political prisoner, you will be arrested regardless of life or death.

  Except for being a traitor and submitting a surrender letter to the Vienna government, which can be pardoned, the rest will only be revoked if the person dies.

  There are too many people involved in the Great Revolution. As long as they are not really high-level people, they usually keep a low profile and do not openly promote independence, revolution, and rebellion. Who knows these little pawns!

  Unfortunately for everyone present, because they had no money in their pockets when they fled to the United States, they used the banner of the Hungarian Independence Organization to beg for help from their Hungarian compatriots, and set up a big flag here, which happened to qualify them for inclusion on the list of Austrian political prisoners.

  Of course, there is not only one revolutionary organization in the United States that defrauds funds in this way.

  The federal government has not conducted an inventory. On the one hand, this kind of thing is difficult to investigate and can easily lead to fire; on the other hand, they need these organizations to exist politically, which proves that the monarchy is unpopular.

  Historically, the United States has been very successful in playing this game. Relying on these chaotic revolutionary organizations, the American political system was promoted and laid the foundation for seizing the right to speak in the world.

  Cesar said hesitantly: "There are a lot of messy revolutionary organizations here in the United States. In the early years, there was the Austrian Revolutionary Party, which was more powerful than us.

  But then Brooks had an accident and lost his leader. Finally, he surrendered to the Vienna government during internal fighting and disbanded the organization.

  I thought it would be best if I fooled around a bit first and passed the test. If the Americans force a surplus, the worst we can do is announce the dissolution of the Hungarian Independence Organization.

  Without the Hungarian Independence Organization, we probably wouldn’t have enough political prisoners. If we use domestic connections to help smooth things over, it is very likely that the Vienna government will cancel our wanted order. "

  This can only be regarded as a solution. After more than ten years of exile abroad, everyone's ambitions have been exhausted.

  Now everyone has a wife and children. There are a few people who can abandon their wives and children without hesitation. How to continue on the road of hope?

  Stephen thought for a while and said: "It is better to contact other revolutionary organizations first. The Italian Independence Organization and the Polish Independence Organization both have some strength, and we can join forces with them.

  Unless absolutely necessary, it is better not to explain the Hungarian independence organization. If we offend the federal government, our future in the United States will not be easy. "

  The strongest revolutionary organizations in Austria are the Italian Independence Organization and the Polish Independence Organization, and these two independent organizations are also transnational revolutionary organizations. The Polish Independence Organization

  spans Russia, Austria and Prussia; the members of the Italian Independence Organization are distributed in Sardinia and Lombardy. , Venetia, the Papal States, Naples, Tuscany and other regions.

  These two transnational organizations are a hundred times better than the Hungarian independent organization. If nothing else, just look at the number of immigrants in the United States. You know the gap.

  The number of Italian immigrants in the United States is only behind the three major groups of England, Ireland, and Germany. Even Polish immigrants have more than ten or two hundred thousand, while Hungarian immigrants are less than ten thousand. This allows the Hungarian independent organization to grow and develop

  . The difficulty has greatly increased. How to develop members with a small population base? It is even more difficult to organize volunteers and death squads to return to the country to launch a revolution.

  Now Stephen has no choice but to place his hopes on other revolutionary organizations.

  Even if the authority of the federal government does not Gao, many people don't take the federal government seriously. But they still can't afford to offend these small ethnic groups who are at the bottom of American society and have no country to rely on. In the United States, a

  country of immigrants, there are also three, six, nine and so on. Generally speaking, the more powerful the mother country is, the higher the social class status is.

  This is also the reason why many Hungarians refuse to join independent organizations. If you don’t mix with them, you can at least carry the banner of Austrian immigrants. If you encounter problems, you can still Seek help from the Austrian Embassy.

  This is why the Italian gangs in the United States are famous. Italy has a large number of immigrants and there is no protection from the motherland. Everyone can only stick together with each other. Various associations came into being in this context. The Hungarians are even more tragic

  . , because the number of immigrants is too small, they have no influence in the United States even if they form a group.

  ...

  In a manor outside New York City, the Polish Independence Organization is also facing pressure from its sponsors. Of course, their treatment is much better, at least no one Threatening to hand them over.

  Alexandra, a core member of the Polish Independence Organization, said: “We should reject these unreasonable demands. Now that all the strength of the organization is devoted to the uprising against the Russians, it would be very unwise to provoke the Austrians. "

  Kesia objected: "However, these capitalists have provided us with a lot of funds, and if we rashly refuse their requests, it will be difficult to seek help from them in the future. "

  Kesia is a second-generation immigrant. His parents are both members of the Polish Independence Organization, and his generation has inherited it.

  However, while supporting Polish independence, it is also inevitable to move closer to the United States. When considering issues, he often looks forward and backward.

  Alexandra shook her head and said: "It's not necessary. If this uprising succeeds, the Kingdom of Poland will be re-established, and it won't matter whether they have support or not.

  Ensuring the independence of Russian Poland is the first priority now, and the issue of Austrian Poland can be solved in the future. In order to increase the success rate, we cannot face two enemies at the same time. "

  Obviously, the support of European countries this time gave him confidence. In Alexandra's view, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. If the dispersion of forces at this time leads to the failure of the uprising, it will be the sinner of Polish history. However, the Polish Independence

  Organization It is no longer an organization. Everyone is temporarily united just for the independence of Poland, and there are many large and small interest groups inside.

  Although many people know that Alexandra’s opinion is correct, it is a pity that it is because of their own "You are a coward

  . The whole world is supporting the independence of the Kingdom of Poland. If we don't get rid of the Austrian rule at this time, when will the next opportunity come?"

  Even if this opportunity was missed, the Kingdom of Poland was completely divided and there was never a chance to regain Galicia from Austria. "

  It's not that Radesi is opposed to letting Russian Poland become independent first. The problem is that the boss behind him doesn't agree! He is the spy placed by the federal government within the Polish Independence Organization. At this time, he must make his position clear. With a small group like the Hungarian Independence

  Organization The difference is that the Polish Independent Organization is a federation. It is very simple to join this organization - just sign up. If you are good at organizing deception, you can be in a high position. If the Polish Independent Organization is really well-organized, given their size, they will be able

  to The country achieved independence without having to wait until after the world war.

  The organizations were scattered around the world, but there was no core leadership. They only relied on personal reputation for command. Not only

  did the Americans bribe their members, almost every country There are spies inside, including the Russians.

  This organization has been penetrated like a sieve for a long time, including the Polish uprising, and the news was leaked in advance.

  Most of the leaders were arrested before launching the uprising. In order to solve the hidden dangers The tsarist government only temporarily decided to recruit local troops, preparing to send all these suspicious elements to Central Asia to be used as cannon fodder.

  If the tsarist government was not equally corrupt and the bureaucrats were slow to act, creating an opportunity to reorganize the uprising, this uprising would have died.

  Of course, it may also be a good thing that a large number of leaders have been arrested. The January Uprising in history only lasted for more than a year because these people were arrested.

  If this group of strong talkers can be left in command and they can resist the Russian army for a month, it will be considered a blessing from God.

  This is not a joke, it is what it is. Looking at the history of the Polish Revolution, we know that the more leaders there are after the uprising breaks out, the shorter the revolution will last.

  Radesi's words "coward" directly angered Alexandra, and she immediately punched Alexandra, and the two fought together. With everyone's persuasion, it quickly turned into a big melee.

  Of course, this fight came and went in a hurry. After the fight, everyone continued the meeting. The injured naturally left the game early, which was also a unique way of handling the situation.

  There is no doubt that Radhe was kicked out. We are not fools, his identity has been discovered a long time ago, but he is still hanging around in American territory, so he has to save some face.

  Now that the moment has come to decide Poland's fate, these pretexts no longer apply. Basically, those suspected of being spies from various countries were kicked out in this way.

  The highly respected Auschwitz said: "Well, all the flies have been kicked out. First of all, I want to say that this uprising went better than expected. Although the news was leaked before the uprising, the rebels still occupied Warsaw. From now

  on Judging from the situation, our chances of winning are very high, but it still depends on whether we can withstand the Russian counterattack later.

  Everyone can express their opinions on whether to launch an uprising in Galicia. Our opinions can only be used as a reference. The final decision The decision-making power is still left to the frontline commanders."

  Obviously, the Polish independent organization has learned lessons from the continuous failures and is no longer so blindly arrogant.

  This is also the reason why various countries support the Polish independent organization. If it keeps messing around, no one's money comes from the strong wind, and it is impossible to invest it at will.

  Of course, this is also related to the large number of groups within the Polish independence organization. We are not affiliated with each other, but are allies. The Polish Independence Organization in the United States is not the leader of the Polish independence movement.

  Basically, whoever initiated the uprising will listen to them. The opinions of other groups are only for reference and have no enforcement power.

  Alexandra said: "I have already expressed my opinion. It is not suitable to make too many enemies at the moment. The

  Galician region is not our core, and the local people's base is immature. Austria's control of the local area is much stronger than that of the Russians. The Habsburg family was also more popular than the Czar.

  This can be seen in previous uprisings. Both the uprising of 1846 and the uprising of 1848 were strongly resisted by the local people. Many revolutionaries did not die

  in Vienna. In the hands of the government, he died at the hands of local farmers and workers. I don’t think launching an uprising now will be successful.”

  This is an embarrassing problem for many revolutionaries. The mass base in Galicia has always been very poor. This is not because they did not work hard. The key is that the Poles did not dominate the local area.

  After so many years of management by the Habsburg family, the total number of local Ukrainians, Czechs, Germans, Slavs and other ethnic groups far exceeds the number of Poles.

  Talking about Polish independence with these people will naturally lead to tragedy. Thanks to the good reputation left by the Polish nobles back then, the local people decisively stood against them.

  What hurt them the most was that many Poles thought it would be good to stay in Austria and were also on the opposite side of them.

  Before the window paper is pierced, everyone can still discuss it. Now that Alexandra has exposed her, naturally no one will foolishly suggest a hard fight.

  This is not only the case in Galicia, but also in general Poland. After the Germanization movement of the Kingdom of Prussia, the Polish independence organization also lost its local popular base.

  This is why when everyone thinks of the Polish independence movement, they think of Russia.

  It is really too risky to start things on the territory of the other two companies. If one of them fails, they will get involved. They can only fight for independence in Russian Poland.

  Seeing that the atmosphere had fallen into an awkward state, Auschkot broke the silence: "Since everyone has no objections, let's continue according to the original plan. After the Kingdom of Poland is established,

  we will consider the issue of taking back the territory from Austria and Prussia. Pugall Put our opinions together and send them to Traugut as soon as possible."

  The young man from Pujal replied: "No problem, Mr. Auscott."

  ...

  (End of this chapter)

