
Chapter 1000: The Stock Market Crash Is Coming

No matter how hard life is, life must go on. After the shabby coronation ceremony was completed, Carlos's first decree was a general liquidation.

There are not many good people in Paris now, and those who can survive are not fuel-efficient lamps. If there is no internal cleaning, His Majesty Carlos will not be able to sleep.

The main objects to be liquidated are naturally the remnants of the revolutionary government, including middle- and lower-level bureaucrats who defected to the past, as well as local ruffians and vicious criminals who took advantage of the chaos in Paris.

"A smooth government, an iron-clad official."

is no longer applicable. There are a large group of nobles who support the restoration of the Bourbon dynasty. They are just the positions vacated by the top leaders, and the cake is obviously not enough to divide.

The big nobles disdain the official positions of these sesame and mung beans, which does not mean that the small nobles in the countryside are not interested either. What's more, even if they themselves are not interested, they still have brothers, sisters, and collateral children who need to be accommodated.

After all, this group of people were the core members of the coalition of restored nobles. Now it was time to reward based on merit. Carlos couldn't get enough reward, so arranging a job wouldn't be too much, right?

Then, this group of bureaucrats who have been sitting on land for hundreds of years were unlucky. After lurking for so many years, he was finally spotted.

You won't know if you don't check, but you'll be shocked if you check. There are rumors from the outside world that "Napoleon IV emptied France" and "the top leaders of the Republican government emptied France." Facts have proved that these are indeed rumors.

They are all running away. Even if they can leave with money, how much can they take with them? The only ones who really have the power to short-sell France are this bunch of inconspicuous bureaucrats.

Maybe one person didn't take much, but there were so many of them. If everyone gets a share, no matter how strong the family fortune is, it will be emptied by the bureaucrats.

Among other things, one-third of the real estate in Paris is occupied by these bureaucrats. In many factories and enterprises, this group of people also have responsibilities.

The amount of cash and miscellaneous property seized was even greater. For example: 200 kilograms of gold, several gold and silver jewelry, and hundreds of billions of francs were found in the home of a director named Ferdo.

Well, let's not talk about franc. The franc issued by the republican government has ten zeros after the number of the largest denomination. Everyone is a billionaire, and the purchasing power of hundreds of billions of francs is not as good as the thousands of francs before.

The only difference is that the seized francs also contained a large amount of small-denomination currency, which was obviously a product of the Bonaparte dynasty, adding up to hundreds of millions of francs.

There is no doubt that this was clearly the wrong time to seize. What was once a huge sum of money has now turned into waste paper. A piece of bread costs tens of millions of francs. The mountains of small francs are not enough to feed ordinary people for a week.

I'm drunk just thinking about it. Even the huge corrupt people have not been able to outpace inflation. I really don't know how ordinary people can survive.

If you do not catch up with the peak period of wealth, you may gain a huge amount of wealth, but in fact the value is greatly reduced.

Carlos was not disappointed, which was to be expected. Although the franc is not valuable, foreign exchange, gold, silver and jewelry are still good. All put together, tens of millions of Aegis are always available, which can still be used to meet urgent needs.

The remaining real estate, corporate shares, etc. cannot be converted into cash for a while, and it is difficult to calculate the specific value.

If you have money, you have food, and if you have food, you can stabilize the situation. With the "excellent performance" of the previous two governments, the Bourbon dynasty, which can barely fill everyone's stomach, has become the savior in the eyes of the people.

No one knows how long this kind of gratitude can last, but in the short term, the situation in France is considered stable. The resumption of production has been put on the agenda, and social order is becoming normalized.

...

Watching the Bourbons struggling, Franz breathed a sigh of relief. As long as Carlos could stabilize the situation in France, he would be content.

As for the issue of compensation, it's good to have it, but it's okay not to have it. It's okay to drag it out forever. Anyway, Franz will not collect debts when the French have no money.

However, good times are always short-lived. Affected by the end of the French Civil War, after the Vienna stock market hit a new high on January 6, 1894, the market quickly plunged 9 points in the afternoon, with the military industry sector leading the decline by 21 points.

This was just the beginning. After the opening of the next day, the military industry sector once again led the decline. By the afternoon's close, the sector had fallen by 19 points.

In just two days, 40% of the market value of the military industry sector evaporated, directly driving down the market by 15 points, and billions of Aegis wealth disappeared.

The matter is not over yet. After the torturous weekend, the stock market opened next Monday and fell another 3 points. The military sector continued to lead the decline by 7 points. The value of some individual stocks even evaporated by 90%.

They are both the financial centers of the Holy Roman Empire. The stock market in Vienna plummeted, and Frankfurt naturally couldn't escape. At this moment, both of them are bad brothers, and no one is luckier than the other.

In January, the stock markets of these two major financial centers were all falling sharply. Even if they rebounded occasionally, they would fall back again the next day.

As of the end of January, the Vienna stock market was down 34.7% from its peak, and Frankfurt was not much better, with the overall market down by one-third.

The military industry sector that triggered this crisis is even more unsightly. Those that have been cut in half are high-performing white horses, and those that have been cut in half are companies with core technologies. For ordinary companies, it is considered good if they can retain one-fifth of their market value.

There is no way. Military industrial companies are cyclical stocks that reap war dividends. It would be good to make profits in peacetime. As gorgeous as the financial statements were during the war, the post-war statements were just as rubbish.

The current decline is just the market panic caused by the end of the French Civil War. Franz was sure that if these military-industrial companies released their financial statements for 1893, the stock prices would fall even further.

The reason is naturally very simple. Orders from the Shinra military dropped sharply last year, and the Anti-French Alliance, a major arms importer, also stopped purchasing.

The French Civil War and the Spanish-Japanese War, for which everyone had high hopes, mainly consumed the inventory after the victory of the Anti-French War, and did not bring many orders to domestic military industrial enterprises.

Without orders, there will naturally be no performance. Almost all military-industrial companies carried out large-scale layoffs last year, which itself is the biggest negative.

In fact, military industry stocks began to decline as early as the end of the European War. However, the situation was tense in the middle of the year. The Anglo-Austrian conflict was about to break out. The Japanese-Spanish War and the French Civil War broke out one after another, and the market was once again heated up.

Unfortunately, the one who catches this last wave is the catcher. The main factor that caused the stock price to plummet was that the French Civil War ended too quickly and bookmakers failed to complete shipments. In order to stop losses, we can only sell like crazy.

If the stock market crashes, the real economy will also not fare well. There are always only a few companies that can complete transformation in a timely manner. The vast majority of companies still take chances and want to survive.

With the occurrence of the stock market crash, a series of problems such as financing difficulties, bankruptcies, and unemployment also followed one after another, directly interrupting Franz's good mood.

I originally thought that the economic crisis was triggered by the financial bankruptcy of the Italian state, but I did not expect that the French Civil War ended early and burst the bubble first.

It is obviously not a good thing that the bubble exceeds the plan and bursts early, which means that the Vienna government's preparations have not yet been completed.

There is no way, the market's confidence is too fragile and cannot withstand the torment. The bad news about the end of the French Civil War caused the bubble of military industry stocks to burst, and Franz could not go in and take over the business on his own just to extend the time.

Frankly speaking, he admires those warriors who dared to take over the market on the first day of the stock market crash. Especially those who play long with leverage are the warriors among warriors, or dead warriors for short.

If you admire him, you don't need to imitate him. Once the stock market crash begins, no matter who enters it, it will be swallowed up.

Affected by the stock market crash, police in all major cities in the Holy Roman Empire had to work overtime. High-rise buildings, bridges and rivers have become key monitoring targets. The frequency of dumplings being dropped has been too high recently.

According to statistics from the Vienna government, the number of suicides in the Holy Roman Empire in January 1894 increased by 114.6% compared with the same period last year, and the number of suicide attempts was even higher.

There is no way, the world is so cruel. Since you have chosen to go to the gambling table, you must bear the consequences.

The only thing that comforted Franz was that not only his family was unlucky, but there were also a bunch of bad brothers accompanying him.

As the world's largest economy, the Holy Roman Empire's economy had problems, and no one in the world's industrial countries could escape.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1001 The Shrewd William II When

the bubble burst, HRE, as the economic leader, suffered the loss; Britain, as the second largest industrial country in the capitalist world economic system, naturally suffered the second greatest loss.

Regardless of whether the two countries are already in opposition politically, economically we have long been tied together. The economic bubble in the Shinra Empire was serious, and Britain's economic bubble was no less severe.

In fact, the crisis should have broken out after the end of the European War, but it was suppressed by the joint efforts of all parties.

The Vienna government took measures, and the London government was not idle either. During the Gladstone cabinet, Britain's diplomatic strategy almost completely collapsed. If the economic prosperity disappeared, the British people would probably tear them apart.

The cabinet wanted to spend its final term safely, and the consortium needed time to retreat. The two parties hit it off, artificially creating a virtual economic prosperity in the second half.

The economic crisis that was supposed to break out in 1893 has been delayed until now. If it hadn't been for the violent thunder in the Vienna stock market, it is estimated that the crisis would have continued backwards.

Against this background, Robert Cecil, who had just taken office, was tragic. Before I could even settle down, the stock market crash came, and the economic crisis was about to break out.

The UK is implementing a free economy these days, and the government cannot interfere with the market. Of course, just listen to this, but if you take it seriously, you will lose.

Being unable to directly intervene in the market does not mean that we will not intervene at all. In fact, the government's economic policies, laws and regulations are all important factors affecting economic development. The only difference lies in the intensity of intervention.

Including adjusting tax rates, social relief, joint consortiums to save the world, foreign launching wars to divert crises, etc., are all part of the government's intervention in the market.

"What's going on? Will the consortium agree to rescue the market?"

Prime Minister Robert Cecil couldn't help but not worry. Since the economic bubble was burst, the London stock market has followed in the footsteps of the Vienna stock market and started a continuous decline pattern.

Unlike conservative countries like Shinra, where a large number of family businesses hold on to their shares and do not list their shares, Britain is the country with the most developed financial industry, and all large-scale companies are listed companies.

It is easier for companies listed to obtain financing, which is conducive to accelerating corporate development. The sequelae is that companies are affected by stock price fluctuations.

The management model of professional managers seems very scientific, but after all, the company's money is not their own. In order to obtain higher returns in the short term, corporate management is usually more aggressive when formulating strategies.

It's okay in normal times, but once the stock price drops sharply and corporate financing becomes difficult, radical development strategies can easily lead to the breakage of corporate capital chains.

In contrast, unlisted and conservative family businesses prefer to play it safe and steady. Although the development speed is a bit slower, the company itself rarely has large debts and maintains sufficient capital flow most of the time, without the risk of the capital chain breaking .

The most important thing is that large companies that are not listed on the market are usually high-quality companies with good profitability and strong market competitiveness. They have the strongest ability to resist risks.

For details, you can refer to the Royal Consortium of Wen Franz. Most of the companies listed are high-risk technology companies, or companies with insufficient profitability and unclear development prospects, as well as companies whose development potential has reached the bottleneck of the industry .

Enterprises that are truly profitable or are in the stage of rapid development are all trying to make a fortune. When the development reaches the bottleneck of the industry limit, it is the time to go public and cash in.

About growing together and sharing together, just listen to such lies. Why would you want to share high-yield trades with guaranteed profit and no loss? If you can hold it in your own hands, why should you share it?

There may be companies that have done it, but such companies are rare. There are only 180 companies out of thousands of listed companies. The vast majority of companies have mediocre performance after going public.

Companies that can operate stably, outperform inflation, keep up with the country's economic development, and avoid thunderstorms are all conscientious companies.

If all these high-quality companies in the audience were to be listed, no matter how low the valuation given by the market was, with the economic size of the Holy Roman Empire, the two major financial centers of Vienna + Frankfurt would not be smaller than London.

Against this background, the Holy Roman Empire, which had the worst stock market decline, suffered less of an economic impact than Britain.

Economy Minister Aquinas shook his head: "It is a pity that they rejected our proposal. The consortium believes that the current stock market still has a bubble, and there is a very big risk in raising the stock price now, and we need to wait.

If the government really To ask them to fund the rescue, the consortium also put forward a condition, that is, they must unite with Vienna to take action. They are worried about being benefited by someone else."

Robert Cecil frowned and said unhappily: "Wait a little longer, wait a little longer. The companies have gone bankrupt, and they are still trying to save the city. They joined forces with Vienna, but they can think of it. The current situation is very obvious. After the European War, the Holy Roman Empire had a big economic problem, and it is now in a period of economic adjustment. Is there any This stock market crash will cause an economic crisis for them.

But we are different, we are just the unlucky ones who are involved. If we cannot stabilize the stock market, we will have to accompany them to experience the economic crisis.

It would be strange if the Vienna government did not drag everyone down together. , they now want to drag everyone down together and share the losses for them."

There is no use complaining, because there are not only British capitals on the London stock market, but also capitals from the European continent.

If all parties cannot reach an agreement, the British consortium comes to rescue the market, and people take the opportunity to sell, and they become the takers.

Although European capital has begun to flow back since the beginning of the year, only a small part of their huge size has flowed out.

After the Vienna stock market crash broke out, the British consortium took advantage of its land-based ownership to take preemptive action and deal a blow to international capital.

Now that they have to consider bailing out the market, they are naturally worried that others will follow suit. They spend a lot of money to raise the stock price, and others take the opportunity to run away, and they are miserable.

After all, the consortium is not omnipotent. In the intrigues of the capital market, everyone must be cautious, otherwise they will be eliminated by the market sooner or later.

What's more, although a large number of corporate bankruptcies are very detrimental to the country, it is a capital feast for the consortium. They can take advantage of the opportunity of corporate bankruptcy and reorganization to acquire some high-quality companies at a bargain price.

… It's not just the British government that's having a headache. All capitalist industrial countries are having a huge headache in the face of the people who are bent on dragging everyone into trouble.

In the past, countries around the world criticized the Vienna government for interfering with economic freedom. This time there is no need to criticize, but the result is even more unacceptable.

The Vienna government finally followed the natural laws of the market economy, and as a result, everyone was dragged into an economic crisis.

In fact, Franz is also in a dilemma now. If possible, he would not want an economic crisis to occur now. But there was no way, and the Holy Roman Empire's economy went astray unknowingly.

Especially in the northern states, not only is the industrial development uneven, but there is also a large amount of overcapacity. For example, the railway and construction industries are two of the hardest-hit areas.

After the European War, I don't know who came up with the idea, but several northern states started to build large-scale infrastructure. There was no problem with infrastructure construction. The problem was that they built a lot of unnecessary infrastructure.

Duplicate railway lines and branch lines have even penetrated into villages, real estate projects are popping up everywhere, and water conservancy projects are simply not practical.

If it hadn't been for the outbreak of the economic crisis and the declaration of bankruptcy by the Royal Prussian government, Franz would not have known that anyone would have such fun.

In fact, even if he knew it in advance, he would have no way to interfere. State autonomy is not a joke. How to develop the economy is the freedom of others, and there is no need to report to the emperor.

The only good thing is that the grain harvest in North Germany was poor last year. Yes, food shortages are a boon at this time, at least for now.

If there is a bumper grain harvest, Franz will also have to consider the problem of surplus agricultural products. After all, after the economic outbreak, people have to tighten their belts. Even for products that are in urgent need like food, sales will decline.

Last year's grain harvest in the north was poor, which at least ensured the stability of the empire's agriculture. As for the subsequent impact of the food shortage, that is a minor problem.

Except for the Kingdom of Prussia, which became poor due to the Russo-Prussian War, the economic conditions of the other northern states are very good, otherwise they would not have the money to do anything.

Since the outbreak of the economic crisis, except for William II who personally came to Vienna for help, several other countries have only sent a few telegrams to complain about their difficulties and, by the way, begged for money.

It can be seen that they are holding on for the time being and are unwilling to let the central government intervene in the internal economic problems of the country.

Franz likes this kind of worry-free little brother the most. As long as it doesn't cause any trouble to the central government, who would be willing to interfere in the internal affairs of the state if they don't have enough to support themselves?

Regardless of whether they are seeking death, purely from the perspective of economic development results, these state governments have done better than most directly governed provinces.

The main reason for the Kingdom of Prussia is that the problems left over from history are too serious, and the huge compensation brought by the war has affected the domestic economic development.

But in general, the economy is recovering well. Although it lags a little behind its neighbors, the per capita income still exceeds that of Spain and Russia, and is almost catching up with pre-war France.

Although the impact of the economic crisis is huge, it has just begun and is far from the most difficult time. With the financial resources of the Kingdom of Prussia, even if it cannot hold on, it will not kneel down in the first wave.

In particular, the Kingdom of Prussia suddenly declared financial bankruptcy without any warning in advance. Normally, they would have sought help from the central government before declaring bankruptcy.

Even if it is for the sake of the empire's reputation, as long as the funding gap is not too large, the Vienna government will give them a hand.

The reality is exactly the opposite. Before the government declared financial bankruptcy, apart from creating a bunch of unfinished projects, it did not ask Vienna for help at all, as if it was bent on bankruptcy.

After the Berlin government declared financial bankruptcy, Wilhelm II jumped out and went to Vienna to cry out for poverty. This was obviously abnormal.

Today is different from the past. As a member of the Holy Roman Empire, Prussia already has the ability to bargain with the British.

Franz had every reason to believe that the Prussian government deliberately bankrupted itself, and that the economic crisis only provided them with an "excuse for bankruptcy."

Even if there was no economic crisis, they would use other excuses to go bankrupt after a while, such as: the government's capital chain is broken and they are unable to pay for the project...

After all, there are many benefits to the Prussian government's bankruptcy now! For domestic economic problems, we can ask the central government for help. The Vienna government cannot sit idly by and ignore the debt we owe the British, which may not be repaid in the next century. We can also reasonably request debt restructuring.

The Kingdom of Prussia also has a track record in this regard. When the "German Federal Government" went bankrupt a year ago, the Berlin government followed suit.

Unfortunately, the British just accepted the transfer of debt from the German federal government. After all, the German federal government was a government that would be dissolved tomorrow if it did not sign a contract today. In order to avoid finding the debtor, the British could only hold their noses and admit it.

The Kingdom of Prussia is different. Even if the government is dissolved and the king is still there, it is impossible for William II to give up the throne because of debts. As long as the country still exists and the government is not reorganized, the debts owed cannot be escaped anyway.

In addition, the Holy Roman Empire was still being formed at the time, and there was no central government to protect it from the wind and rain. The Berlin government could not withstand the pressure exerted by the British and gave up after obtaining a debt extension for a few months.

It's different now. As long as the Berlin government is thick-skinned enough, the British can't do anything to them.

"Collateral" for debt?

No problem, just send someone to get it, and I promise to cooperate fully.

Customs duties were now collected by the central government, and as long as the British thought they could take them away from the Vienna government, there was no problem.

Although the port and terminal are in the hands of the Kingdom of Prussia, it involves territorial sovereignty, which is also the job of the central government. If we want to negotiate, we have to go to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. As long as the Vienna government is willing to agree, everything can be discussed easily.

The right to mint money also belongs to the central government. If you want, just discuss it with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. As a local government, Prussia has no right to interfere now.

...

In short, after the debt default, none of the series of mortgage contracts signed by the Prussian government and the British can now be implemented.

Although these treaties were still legally valid before the establishment of the Holy Roman Empire, if you want to fulfill the contents of these treaties, you can only negotiate with the Imperial Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

"Deliberate default" and "having no money to repay the debt" are two completely different concepts. The former will be despised by the international community, while the latter only needs to hand over the collateral.

Now William II only needs to be willing to put down his face, pretend to be willing to hand over the collateral, and then push the problem to the Vienna government, and the matter will be over.

In the end, whether the British compromised or the Vienna government paid off their debts, these issues did not need to be a headache for him.

Even though he knew it was trouble, Franz had no choice but to accept it. No matter what the reason is, he, the emperor of the empire, cannot allow the loss of national sovereignty.

Thinking of this, Franz wanted to beat those keyboard warriors to death. Who said William II was a fool? His political methods were extremely smooth.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1002:"Caring" People Haunted-69 Book Bar The fact that "caring" people appear once again proves that the boss is not easy to be, and he must fight for the younger brother at the critical moment. The debt between Prussia and the British was something everyone knew and no one could deny.

"Repaying debts is a matter of course."

Even though the political situation has changed, the Kingdom of Prussia, the owner of the money, is still there, and the debt naturally exists. The British must collect debts as stipulated in the loan contract, and no one can say that they are wrong .

Originally, this had nothing to do with Franz. The debts of the states were not the debts of the central government, and the empire had no obligation to shoulder them. Even if the British collect debts, they cannot find the Vienna government.

The problem is that now the Berlin government is pretending to be dead and has elevated the "debt issue" to safeguarding national sovereignty, and the matter has fallen on the Vienna government.

It is impossible to fulfill the contract. If the treaty were to be implemented, the people would flood Vienna with their spit.

It is impossible to give money. If we help the Kingdom of Prussia pay off its debts today, I don't know how many state governments will go bankrupt tomorrow. In the face of interests, politicians have always had very low integrity.

A breach of contract is even more unlikely. As a newly emerging overlord, the Vienna government must maintain its international image.

In particular, the Vienna government still has a lot of debts to collect outside. If it takes the lead in acting rogue, others will be able to use "international practice" as an excuse to refuse debts in the future.

It can be said that the Vienna government is now forced into an extremely embarrassing situation. William II personally came to Vienna to ask for help, probably not only to ask for help, but also to "please apologize".

Having caused such a big mess, it is obviously unjustifiable not to give an explanation. Even if states have a high degree of autonomy, the central government can still give them little shoes to fill.

Now that I'm here to deal with the situation, apart from the loss of face, the actual loss is minimal. Even if the Vienna government wanted to settle accounts with them, after this wave, there was no way to do anything.

The rules of the game are like this. What the Kingdom of Prussia did this time is indeed unethical, but the king came to apologize in person. Even if the matter is over, it will be aggressive to pursue it further.

Rubbing his forehead, Franz asked with concern: "Is the cabinet prepared to deal with Prussia's debt problem?"

Prime Minister Karl: "The most ideal result is naturally for the British to make concessions. Allow the Prussian government to defer payments or carry out debt payments." Reorganization, part of which was offset by the reparations received by Prussia during the anti-French war.

This is almost impossible to do. Britain has also continued the economic crisis. The London government is now in need of funds. If there is no greater interest, they There is no reason to accept a debt extension.

Debt restructuring is even more troublesome. The situation in the Kingdom of Prussia is pretty good. If the Berlin government had not carried out a bunch of unfinished projects before, it would not have suffered financial bankruptcy.

France is the real big hole. Judging from the current situation, it is God's blessing that the Paris government can avoid going bankrupt. As for war reparations, we cannot have high expectations in the next two or three years.

We have cheated the British on the debt issue of the German Federation. I'm afraid no matter what I say now, they will no longer accept the transfer of creditor's rights.

On the premise of not breaching the contract or sacrificing national sovereignty, I'm afraid they can only secretly conduct interest transactions in exchange for British concessions on Prussia's debt issue."

Bet. Although the benefits of success in the National Games are great, the cost of failure is equally heavy. In recent years, the Kingdom of Prussia has been paying the price for its previous failed bets on its national fortunes.

Even if they became the victors of the anti-French war, the compensation they received could not fill the hole left before.

Thinking of this, Franz suddenly understood William II's decision. If it does not get rid of the mountain of "debt", the Kingdom of Prussia will always be at the bottom of the Holy Roman Empire.

That's right, it's the bottom. Having to pay tens of millions of Aegis in compensation every year, the Berlin government simply does not have the extra financial resources to carry out national construction.

After the restoration of the Holy Roman Empire, a major event occurred in the Berlin government. Someone in the government proposed to transfer the two domestic infantry divisions to the Central Army.

For no other reason, I really can't afford it. Leaving the army to the central government not only saves money, but it is still these people who guard Prussia's security.

In the view of government officials, even if the army is retained anyway, the command power will be taken away by the central government. Even if the king still has the right to command, it has nothing to do with the Berlin government.

However, this move was strongly opposed by William II himself. The central government only takes away the power to command the army during wartime. In peacetime, the highest military commander of the state army is the king.

Once it is transferred to the Central Army, it will be different. Even though the Constitution of the Holy Roman Empire stipulates that the monarch of a state is the highest military commander of the garrison in the region, but the one who can really command is the army of his own state.

As for the Central Army, military expenditures are allocated by the emperor and generals are appointed by the emperor. William II would not be so naive as to think that after losing these rights, only a nominal supreme command could control the army.

It seems to be nothing in normal times, but if something happens and the army needs to be used, and you suddenly find that you can't command the army, you will be doomed.

In a sense, losing military power means losing the ability to overturn the table. The people below can unscrupulously ignore the king and play purely according to the rules of the game. I am afraid that few kings can play better than the ministers below.

If you look at the many states of the Holy Roman Empire, you will know that none of them who have some wealth will give up their army. Including those great nobles who were granted overseas titles, each one formed their own private army within the scope of the law.

According to statistics from the Vienna government, the total strength of the armies of the states within the Holy Roman Empire + the private armies of the nobility accounted for approximately one-third of the total number of the imperial army.

If you add various colonial groups and civil armed forces, the proportion is likely to be more than half. In other words, these miscellaneous armed forces are as numerous as the Central Army.

This is the inevitable result, and the state is a legacy of history. If the Vienna government doesn't pay attention to how you eat, why should people mess with you?

Not to mention the aristocratic private army and civilian colonial armed forces. Without these people, where would the empire's colonies come from?

The whole country was conquered by one man with one blow. When it comes time to divide the cake, can we still kick him out?

Even if it means burning the bridge across the river, that is something that needs to be considered only after crossing the river. The territory of the Holy Roman Empire has exceeded that of any country in history. If it were to be directly controlled by the central government, it would be killed by endless uprisings, even if it was not delayed by administrative expenses.

Do you really think Franz is willing to enfeoff all kinds of things? Not all are practical needs. If you don't share the cake, why should the people below work for you?

Just look at the actual results. All the major colonial empires were troubled by national uprisings, but the Vienna government never worried about it.

In fact, the Holy Roman Empire did not have the largest number of private armies. The British have the largest number of private armed forces, but they are named companies, colonial governments, and autonomous dominions.

To put it simply, when you open up a colony, the British government orders you to form a colonial government, such as the East India Company.

Of course, whether you can keep it in the end depends on your mobility, or your background in the country.

If it were to be managed directly, with the number of lobster soldiers, it would be able to rule at most one Canada. There can't be any more, and it won't be enough to take care of.

William II, who had already obtained the rights that everyone was striving for, was naturally unwilling to give up. If analyzed carefully, it is not difficult to find that the Berlin government's bankruptcy was the result of compromise among all parties in Prussia.

After pondering for a while, Franz shook his head: "Prussia owes the British a lot of money. Even if the London government is willing to compromise, the consortium behind it will not give up. In exchange for benefits, we must have benefits to exchange with them. Okay. You can't make major strategic concessions just because of the debt problem, right?

Wait for the British to come to your door, and then talk to them slowly. Delay as much time as possible. Maybe after the economic crisis is over, the Kingdom of Prussia will have The money has been used to fulfill the debt."

In the face of interests, moral integrity is not worth mentioning. The current situation is very obvious, and it is difficult to solve the problem. If you don't want to solve the problem, then there will be no trouble at all.

Anyway, it was the Kingdom of Prussia that had unpaid debts, not the Holy Roman Empire. The current debt performance conflicts with imperial law, and that is not the responsibility of the Vienna government.

At worst, let the British go to the Imperial Court to sue, which would give the guys in the court a headache. We should take advantage of this opportunity to push the Legislative Committee to introduce a law that "prohibits local governments from mortgaged public debt."

Prior to this, Franz had already spread the word, but seeing the strong willingness of the governments of various states to resist, there was no proposal. The Prussian debt crisis presented an opportunity.

The definition of "public rights" is very broad. National sovereignty, government revenue, state-owned industries, including government office buildings can all be regarded as part of public rights.

Once the law is passed, state governments will not be able to provide any collateral if they want to borrow money. The only thing they can rely on is the government's credibility.

If it's a pure credit loan, Franz doesn't need to worry about it. Not to mention whether anyone dares to lend huge debts, even if they do borrow and a debt default occurs, it will not involve national sovereignty.

If you can't afford it, you can't pay it back. If you go bankrupt, you go bankrupt. There are so many bankruptcies of local governments in continental Europe these days. No matter how hard we try, the central government can't be kicked.

...

The Prussian debt crisis is just an episode. The economic crisis is raging around the world. The European people are now very anxious. They are almost out of food and have no intention of eating.

Even if there is a newspaper to publish it, it cannot stop everyone from having money in their pockets to subscribe to the newspaper. Amid the overwhelming wave of unemployment, what people are most concerned about right now is job postings.

Taking the Holy Roman Empire as an example, after the full-scale economic crisis broke out, the domestic unemployment rate increased fivefold, and there are signs of continued expansion.

This is still a good situation. After all, the Shinra Empire has an African continent to vent its pressure. Before the economic crisis, the domestic unemployment rate was already very low.

Like all previous economies, after the economic crisis broke out this time, the colonial government and aristocratic lords came to the mainland to attract people.

If you look at the newspapers, you will see that there are overwhelming recruitment advertisements, all of which are for people working in the colonies.

That's right, it's “working”. After so many years of immigration, those who want to immigrate and leave have long since left. The rest are those who don't want to leave their hometown, or who can't leave their homeland for some reason.

In order to keep pace with the times, current recruitment advertisements no longer directly ask for immigrants. It is only required to sign a long-term labor contract, and it is enough to have worked for 5 or 10 years in the past.

After all, time is the best catalyst. After five or ten years in the colony, even if you want to leave, you must think twice before doing so.

No way - treatment. These days' noble lords are all "good people". Not only do they offer high salaries, but most importantly, they are also very "caring" and are willing to help their subordinates when they encounter problems.

I especially like my subordinates to bring their families with them. Not only are they willing to provide free housing, but they can also guarantee resettlement work, and even the children's education is taken care of.

They are really very "caring". If you look at the Imperial Orphanage, you will know that most of them are abandoned. The few remaining ones only have some physically handicapped children. All the orphans with healthy limbs are adopted by these "caring" people. .

Even the orphan refugee problem on the border that troubled the Vienna government some time ago was solved by these "caring" people.

After the outbreak of the economic crisis, the scope of activities of "caring" people has expanded from the empire to the entire European continent. Wherever they are, everyone no longer has to worry about having too many children to raise.

In a sense, this is also a shining point in this economic crisis. Far fewer people are starving to death than before. If you are hungry, you can seek refuge with these "caring" people.

Of course, not everyone wants it. "Caring" people are very tolerant of children, but they are still very strict about adults.

Street gangsters are not wanted, those with criminal records are not wanted, those with evil intentions are not wanted, those with great resentment towards society, hatred...

none of these requirements have anything to do with Ivis. As a good young man, if he is willing to work in the colony, he will at least have Hundreds of employers to choose from.

That's right, it's about choosing your employer. Almost all the feudal nobles in the Holy Roman Empire are short of people. In order to increase the labor force, everyone has tried their best.

If it weren't for the worry that the language barrier would be detrimental to territory management, everyone would probably go abroad to grab people.

In fact, intermediary companies that specialize in providing immigrants to feudal nobles have long been born. If you can't recruit people locally, you'll go abroad to find a way.

It doesn't matter if you don't understand the language, they can provide training; if you have different eating habits, you are all hungry, so why should you be picky?

Even labor skills and obedience can be trained. Immigrants trained by some intermediary companies can even do whatever they are told.

The only problem is that the cost of immigration through such training is too high. Most nobles cannot afford such high-standard services. In order to save costs, everyone would rather hire people themselves.

Honest and friendly local young people like Ives happen to be the most popular talents, so naturally they don't have to worry about work.

The problem is that Ives doesn't want to leave his hometown, he just wants to find a local job that can support his family. Unfortunately, not really.

If you had found an ordinary job locally before the economic crisis, there would have been no problem.

Unfortunately, this is a period of economic crisis, and it is too late for most companies and factories to lay off employees. Who would not think of recruiting people at this time?

After rummaging through today's newspapers, Ives finally found a recruitment information from a local company in a small corner.

Before he had time to be happy, Ives's face suddenly fell. There is no way, the above recruitment conditions are too high.

Not only a high school education was required, but also professional work experience, which he did not have.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1003: The Chaotic World

It was another day of fruitless work, and Ivis's mood became increasingly heavy. After more than five months of no income, his poor wallet was about to reach its bottom.

Reaching out to his parents, not to mention whether he can let go of his poor self-esteem, the problem is that Ivis's parents are just ordinary people. The grandparents above need help, and there are younger brothers and sisters below who need to support .

Now that we are catching up with the wave of layoffs and salary cuts, everyone is eager to spend one dollar in half. The savings in the past are the final guarantee to tide over the crisis. No one will use it until they are at the end of their rope.

Eavis, who couldn't bear to eat, returned to the rental house and looked at the world map on the wall in a daze.

The map was left by the landlord. It is said that it was given by the merchant during an event to celebrate the victory in the European War. Frankly speaking, judging from the map, the Holy Roman Empire is indeed domineering.

Excluding areas that are uninhabitable by humans, the Holy Roman Empire already occupies nearly a quarter of the land and one-twentieth of the ocean. It is one of the only world empires in the world today.

Ives was also passionate, dreaming of fighting on the battlefield and finally returning home in glory as a noble noble.

Unfortunately, he was born at the wrong time. When Ives enlisted for military service, it coincided with the end of the European War. Before the training of new recruits was completed, the French surrendered.

Not to mention military exploits, he didn't even have a chance to go on the battlefield. I completed the last few months of military service smoothly, and then retired and returned home to find a job.

It doesn't matter if the dream of nobility is broken. The probability of ordinary people becoming nobles is not high, and those who stand out are those "possessed by European emperors". Even if most people encounter the opportunity, they will only get a farm in the end.

Ivis was not envious at all, really not envious at all. As long as he works hard, he will have a chance to buy a farm in his lifetime.

Under the severe beating from society, Ives felt that it would be good to become a great engineer. After all, he got perfect marks in the mechanical operation class in school. I came to this strange city with my dream and my retirement pay.

I originally thought that a talent like him could easily enter a large company with good remuneration, and then quickly be appreciated by "Bo Le", and then receive key training from the company, and finally become a great engineer.

Facts have proved that this was entirely his own overthinking. The job hunting career has just begun, and the economic crisis has already arrived.

Against the background of companies laying off employees one after another, not to mention entering a large company with good remuneration, Ives didn't even get the job of washing dishes in a street restaurant.

Overseas, that is such a far away place. Although airplanes have appeared, they are only used in the military. At most, they are only used by some flying clubs among civilians.

If you want to fly to and from Africa and the mainland, there is no problem in theory, but in fact it is simply unrealistic. Regardless of safety, airlines are deterred by high operating costs.

At present, all airlines in the Holy Roman Empire are mainly based on airships, mainly undertaking short- and medium-distance fast freight. Passenger transport is also available, but the price is not affordable by ordinary people.

According to the normal pace, a round trip from the mainland to the African continent by boat can take at least a month. In some remote areas, a single trip may take less than half a year.

Needless to say, it goes without saying that there are faraway places in Southeast Asia and the Americas. It can take a few months as quickly as it takes, or a year and a half as long as it takes.

The journey is so long and the cost is naturally high. After many people left their hometowns, they did not return for more than ten years. It's not that they don't want to go home and visit, the problem is that the cost of a round trip is a year's income.

Ordinary families cannot afford such trouble, especially those with young children. In order to let their families live a better life, everyone has to let go of their homesickness.

After many immigrants leave their homeland, they only return to their hometown with their families in their later years. There is no way, only then will it be possible to get enough free family leave.

The family leave promised by the colonial government or the employer once every five years is only for the employee himself and is limited to one visit. If you want to bring your family members, you must either accumulate family leave or pay for it yourself.

It's not that we can't offer better terms, the problem is that if you leave with your whole family, people will worry that you will never come back!

Except for those who are distinguished and can return several times, when ordinary people return to their hometowns, it is already like "children who don't recognize each other and laugh and ask where the guests are from." My childhood hometown and beautiful memories no longer exist.

Looking at his almost dry wallet, Ives knew that if he could not find a job again, he would have to compromise with his life.

Maybe there is a better life overseas, but the taste of home can never be found again. Once you step out, your family and friends will become passers-by in your life.

That night, Ives couldn't sleep. Joining him in insomnia are thousands of unemployed people. Whether or not to go out to make a living has become another choice for them in their lives.

...

The economic crisis is raging, making life difficult not only for the people, but also for governments around the world.

The bankruptcy of the Prussian government was just the beginning. In May, the governments of Modena, Parma, and the Two Sicilies also went bankrupt. In June, the governments of Sardinia, Lucca, and Tuscany could not hold on anymore and joined the bankruptcies. In the wave.

In the entire Italian region, only the Papal State is left struggling to support itself. After all, it is a religious country. With donations from believers, the situation of the Papal State is still better than that of its neighbors.

But that is only better. If the economic crisis continues and believers have no money to donate, the Papal States may also join the wave of bankruptcy.

The collapse of Italian regions is just the beginning. As far as Franz knows, the four governments of Belgium, Spain, Portugal, and Switzerland that are still holding on are also in a difficult situation.

Belgium suffered heavy losses in the war and was only halfway through the reconstruction work when it encountered an economic crisis. It is considered good to be able to persist until now.

Switzerland is struggling to survive. In order to build up its newly acquired territory, the impoverished Swiss government borrowed heavily in the financial market.

Now it's raining, banks suddenly closed their umbrellas, financial problems were suddenly exposed, and the Swiss government was also in a dilemma. If the project is not completed, the initial investment will be in vain; if it continues, the government finances will not be able to support it.

As for Portugal, it was the Huskies who entered by mistake. The domestic republicans and monarchists were having so much trouble that no one cared about economic construction.

Unlike other colonial countries, Portugal's colonies suffered losses and continued to suffer losses for many years.

Don't ask why they lost money, they just lost money anyway. And the more they lose, the more interesting the loss is. The more the colony loses money, the more reluctant the Portuguese are to give up.

Even if someone pays a high price to buy this "inferior" asset, they still insist on holding it. Just know the reason yourself, there is no need to say it.

In short, in the face of rising colonial expenses, Portugal became increasingly powerless. In order to maintain the colonial empire, the Portuguese owed huge foreign debts, and the high debts have overwhelmed this small European country.

Spain was originally the richest among these countries. Unfortunately, a war in the Philippines not only emptied the Spanish treasury, but also tore apart their pretense of being a "great power".

Although the Philippine War is still going on and Spain has not been defeated, the strength they have shown is really difficult to compare with the great powers.

If Vienna hadn't gone astray many times, Spain would have collapsed long ago. Now, rather than saying that Spain is at war with the Japanese, it is better to say that Shinra is causing trouble for the Japanese.

Looking at the situation on the battlefield, we can see that the Spanish fleet, which suffered heavy losses, not only completed the replenishment, but even added a capital ship.

Needless to say about the army, the main force on the battlefield has now become mercenaries, and those who are fighting against the Japanese are the former elites of the French army.

Just look at the results and you will know that the exchange ratio between the two countries was originally 1:1.4, but now it has risen directly to 1:2.7, which is a complete qualitative breakthrough.

The Spanish Expeditionary Force, which was originally beaten to disgrace by the Japanese army, has now gradually taken the initiative. Although victory is still far away, at least it is developing in a favorable direction.

In contrast, the Japanese, who are also poor in the empire, are now much miserable. With the support of the British, the navy will naturally not be a problem, but the army can't help it!

The British can find a way to solve the gap in weapons and equipment, but it will take a long time to wait; the problem of soldier training can only be solved by the Japanese themselves.

Originally, they were learning from the French, but now a master-disciple battle is happening in the Philippines. Originally, the Japanese army would not have suffered such a big loss. The key was the trouble caused by the expansion of the army.

Not every country has the ability to maintain hundreds of thousands of standing troops in peacetime. Japan has only a few standing army divisions, totaling only hundreds of thousands of people.

After the outbreak of the Philippine War, the number quickly expanded to more than 800,000, an increase of five times. Whether it is officers or veterans, they are all severely lacking.

Even though the Bushido ideology made up for it, the professional quality still failed to improve. Just look at the hit rate of the soldiers and you will know that even the Spanish army can beat them when they shoot against each other on the battlefield, let alone the French elite.

Their only advantage lies in their courage, and they fight tooth and nail without hesitation. It is a pity that Japan is so poor these days. The environment in which soldiers lived since childhood restricted their growth. Many soldiers are sallow and thin, and it is obvious at a glance that they cannot keep up with nutrition.

If nutrition has not kept up, physical fitness will naturally not be able to keep up. Originally, Asians were inherently inferior to Europeans in terms of physical fitness, but now this gap is even more obvious.

If there were no jungles to exploit, no matter how brave the Japanese army was, they would not be able to survive now. However, the jungle is not omnipotent. If the enemy does not enter, they will be defeated.

Unlike the Spanish army, mercenaries came to fight just for money. Everyone is full of morale when they see the city, and push back when they encounter the jungle.

Then, an interesting scene occurred. With the help of hundreds of thousands of mercenaries, the Spanish Expeditionary Force successfully captured many cities in the Philippine Islands, but the jungle became their forbidden land.

The mercenaries were unwilling to fight in places without oil and water. The Spanish army had learned a lesson and was also unwilling to go into the jungle and suffer hardship.

The Japanese troops, who had prepared an ambush in advance, were feeding mosquitoes in the jungle in vain. As a last resort, the Japanese army could only engage in guerrilla warfare, emerging from the jungle from time to time to carry out attacks and obtain supplies from the enemy.

If the situation does not change, it is estimated that if it takes another year and a half, the expeditionary force will be able to capture all the important towns in the Philippine Islands, and the Japanese troops occupying the vast jungle will truly become guerrillas.

Obviously, this is not something the Japanese government can tolerate. In order to win the war, they had roped in the locals and formed a solid "anti-white alliance."

It's just that during Spanish rule, they deliberately provoked conflicts among the indigenous tribes, and now there are many hidden dangers within this grand alliance. Many people suffer from deep albedophobia. It is okay to help wave the flag, but it is still far away to expect them to contribute to the war.

For the Japanese government, military troubles are just a minor problem. As long as they are willing to die, nothing is a problem. The reason they are suffering now is because they do not understand the European rules of the game.

I didn't know that the Spaniards would let mercenaries act as the main force, and they were caught off guard. As long as you calm down, the situation will get better later.

In contrast, financial troubles are real troubles. The Japanese government, which has never been wealthy, has long exceeded its financial limits while maintaining a large navy and a continental army.

Although the Japanese army gained a lot of money in the Philippine Islands, most of that wealth went into individual pockets, and the government received only a small part. This part of the loot alone is obviously not enough to fund the war.

In normal times, you can still borrow foreign debts, but now you don't have to think about it. In times of economic crisis, cash is king, and bank consortiums are tightening their money supply and will not lend easily to the outside world.

There is no need to think about issuing bonds. With the wave of unemployment rolling in, ordinary people rely on the funds on hand to tide over the crisis. Who has spare money to buy bonds?

"British support", just listen. Not everyone is a fool like Louis XVI, and selling blood to aid the United States only happened once in history. It is impossible to get support from the British at all costs.

What's more, the London government now has too much to take care of itself. Economic crises are breaking out all over the world, and Britain, the world's second largest economy, is no exception.

Perhaps because the financial industry was too developed, as the economic crisis raged, a financial crisis also occurred in Britain.

Of course, war is not all bad. At least this war allowed the Japanese government to survive the economic crisis. Compared with the Great Depression in the European world, Japan's domestic economy is still "prosperous" except for the smell of gunpowder.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1004: Losing Money Business

If Europe is in trouble, America will naturally not be able to escape. With the vigorous development of international trade, economic ties between countries have become increasingly closer.

After the economic crisis broke out, not only the downstream manufacturing and retail industries suffered heavy losses, but also the wholesalers in the middle and the upstream raw material suppliers who could not escape.

Then, Argentina's beef and soybeans were hard to sell, Chile's copper mines and saltpeter were unsaleable, and the cotton fields of the Allied countries were in ruins. Naturally, the United States that suffered the most heavy losses was the United States, which was furthest along the road to industrialization.

There is no way, as soon as the economic crisis breaks out, the big dumping comes. In this regard, the interests of Britain and Austria are consistent, and it can also be regarded as the common will of all European countries. After the split , the Americans have no confidence to refuse.

Not only was the market hit, but the most tragic thing was that British capital withdrew its investment in the United States at a critical time in order to cope with the domestic crisis.

Strikes, unemployment and populist agitation spread like wildfire. In particular, the "Free Silver" movement in 1892 exacerbated the crisis.

The price of silver has been falling for more than a day or two. The "free silver" policy has undoubtedly put the US dollar on the path of depreciation and inflation.

It's not that Americans don't know the consequences of the "free silver" policy, it's mainly because they were forced out of it. Faced with competition from European industrial and commercial products, domestic companies in the United States have little power to fight back .

In order to protect domestic industries, the US government had to adopt stimulus policies. As for the sequelae caused by this, it is natural that ordinary people pay the bill, and the farmers who suffer the most are undoubtedly the farmers.

However, the United States was divided once, and the strong agricultural states almost all followed the Confederacy. The remaining states were dominated by capital, so naturally no one cared about these minor problems.

When inflation encounters an economic crisis, the situation is completely different. The decline in the purchasing power of ordinary people has directly led to further shrinkage of the market, and a vicious economic cycle has begun.

The withdrawal of British capital exacerbated the crisis, and a strange scene occurred. On the one hand, there is serious inflation, and on the other hand, there is a shortage of money in the market.

The United States of America, which has a serious shortage of gold reserves, has fallen into an economic crisis and a currency crisis.

In response to the crisis, President Cleveland, the Democratic Party who emerged from the Great Depression, took decisive measures: issuing government bonds to purchase gold.

Bankers will naturally not give up this opportunity to make a fortune. On the one hand, gold is provided for these high-interest bonds, and on the other hand, banknotes are exchanged for gold reserves.

Just like this, the gold is still gold, the reserves have not increased much, and the interest rate difference has made the bankers make a lot of money.

Looking at the intelligence in his hand, Franz strongly doubted whether Cleveland had been bribed by the bankers and used such a stupid monetary policy.

Doubt is doubtful, and it does not affect him in any way to get a share of the pie. The only regret is that the United States is not fat enough these days, the plates are too small, and there are too many people sharing the cake, so as a dragon crossing the river, you get even less.

The interest rate difference of US$680,000 is the result of one month's operation of the American Branch. For ordinary people, it was a huge sum of money, but for Franz it was better than nothing.

Afterwards, Franz no longer cared. Any stupid policy is not sustainable, and this policy of giving away money is no exception. If Cleveland keeps playing like this, the US government may be overwhelmed by debt before the end of his term.

No matter how bizarre the gold bond policy is, it cannot affect Cleveland being a "good president." Just because he repealed the "McKinley Tariff Act" known as the "Mother of Trusts", he must be a "good president."

… According to the financial world, everyone is tied to risk, so it's not a risk. The same can be applied here. The economies of all countries in the world are declining together, which can also be roughly equal to no decline, at least relative to national strength.

The goal was achieved, but Franz was not happy. No matter what, we always have to find ways to survive the economic crisis.

All countries have been dragged down, leaving no opportunity for competitors to rise. Strategically, they have succeeded, but it has become more difficult to restore the economy.

Looking at the world map, Franz said helplessly: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is ready to mediate the war between Japan and Spain. The Spanish are about to be unable to hold on, and the situation of the Japanese is not much better.

If the war continues, I am afraid that It's going to become a war of attrition between us and the British. With the intensity of the Philippine campaign, we may not be able to tell the winner in another three to five years. There is no need to continue to waste money in a game that is destined to be fruitless. It is now The best chance to close the phone is that the British are probably not willing to waste their money."

Once the war between two poor men continues, the financial owner will be the unlucky one in the end. Although it has not developed to the point where "it's the boss who owes money" these days, when it comes to the owner who has no money, there is still nothing we can do.

Spain is relatively good, and at least it has a few wealthy colonies that are worth some money; Japan is really poor. If they get the Philippine Islands, that's it. There will always be a day to pay back the money; if they don't get it, the British investment will be lost.

The oil yield rate of soybeans is 20%, that of rapeseed is 36%, and that of sesame seeds is 45%. But can you squeeze out oil from the bran?

Saving others by oneself has changed Franz's position on the British government, and now he has to consider whether it is worthwhile to continue investing in the Japanese.

Relying on capital to kill the enemy is not bad if the opponent is the Russians. Unfortunately, this time the opponent is the Shinra Empire. Without billions of pounds in it, it will not even be able to make a profit.

Even though the British have stronger capital, HRE's staying power is stronger! A war of attrition tests not only capital, but endurance as well.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg frowned: "Your Majesty, the key to mediating the war between Japan and Spain lies in the ownership of the Philippine Islands. At this point in the war, I am afraid that neither Japan nor Spain will give in easily.

If they choose to make peace, let the two countries The two countries jointly manage the Philippine Islands and can end the war now, but in a few years the two sides will start fighting again.

We don't have that much time to struggle with it. From the imperial standpoint, the best way is to let the Japanese give up.

If we want the Japanese government to make concessions, the strength of us and Spain alone will definitely not be enough. Even if we bring in the entire Continental Alliance, we may not be able to succeed unless the British also support us.

It's just..."

Franz interrupted: "No just! The protagonists of the Philippine War were Japan and Spain. Don't you think we got involved too much?

At this time, it is time for the Spaniards to work hard on their own. No matter how unbearable they are, as a European country, they will never lose to the Japanese in the competition for the right to speak in European public opinion, right?

Let them use their influence to build momentum for themselves in Europe, and by the way describe Japan as barbaric, that's about it.

This is a time of economic crisis, and the British Parliament is not idle. There are so many eyes staring at where the London government can get so much funds to support the Japanese.

With the end of the Japanese-Spanish War, the government's finances can breathe a sigh of relief without this gold-eating beast. This will be very beneficial to the subsequent economic construction. "

Wars cost money. The Philippine campaign has now progressed. Both Japan and the West need "a lot of money" and "a lot of materials." Just verbal support has no meaning.

Once public opinion is hyped If the British government continues to spend money to aid Japan, the British people will definitely make them unable to eat.

When it comes to seizing the government's excuses, the opposition parties are the natural allies of the Spanish government. Once problems are revealed, they will definitely Attack in Parliament.

Even if the British government can hint the consortium to lend money to the Japanese, but they do not provide guarantees for the safety of the debt, who will lend money to the Japanese government, which seems to have no ability to repay it at a glance?

The Japanese government, which has no money, wants to It's difficult not to compromise. If we don't negotiate terms while we still have something in hand, we won't even have the capital to negotiate terms later. The only regret is that the Japanese-Spanish War ended like this, and the Holy Roman Empire was unable to maximize its interests. . Purely from the perspective of return on investment, the Vienna government is equivalent to a loss-making business this time.

However, in order to get out of the economic crisis as soon as possible, Franz no longer cares about the issue of losing money or not. The monthly consumption of more than 10 million Aegis , used to restore the economy, can create tens of thousands of jobs.

After all, the Vienna government is really poor now. Not only does the domestic economy need to be restored, but it also needs money to relieve a few younger brothers.

Bankruptcy is bankruptcy, and the government is still Yes. The debt problem can be shelved first, but the social order of each country cannot collapse.

Today is different from the past. As the leader of the European continent, the Holy Roman Empire has become the defender of order. In the "good" era when watching the excitement is not too big, Gone forever.

… Prime Minister Karl: “Your Majesty, in view of the current special situation, the cabinet is prepared to increase investment in infrastructure, launch the Asia-Africa-Europe Ring Railway in advance, and use the infrastructure industry to promote domestic economic recovery.

Considering the huge investment in this project, the cabinet plans to split it into multiple sub-projects and use the sections with higher return rates for financing construction to reduce investment costs.

The remaining road sections that are difficult to construct and cannot see a return on investment will be invested and constructed by the government itself. The main funds are provided through bank loans and the issuance of government bonds.

The current situation is very favorable to us. Recently, more than a dozen European countries, including Russia, Spain, Belgium, Switzerland, Saudi Arabia, and Rwanda, have borrowed large amounts of funds from us.

The SHIELD settlement system has been basically established on the European continent. It happened to catch up with the economic crisis, and the British now have no time to take care of themselves.

As long as we can get out of the economic crisis first, Aegis will have the absolute upper hand in the battle for monetary hegemony.

As long as Europe is stable, it will be easy to move from Europe to the world. It's just a matter of buying, buying, buying. No matter what governments think, capitalists very much welcome Aegis. "

The money-losing strategic railway is destined to have to be paid for by the government. There is no way, the trick can only be used once. As early as during the domestic railway construction more than 30 years ago, the capitalists were fooled once, and now everyone Everyone has become smarter.

No matter how nice your story is, if you can't see the return on investment, no one will pay attention. The “Asia-Africa-Europe Ring Railway” sounds domineering, but in fact it is just that. It is nothing more than replacing the original The railways are connected in series to make up for the missing parts in the middle.

Counting on this "making money", the population of the Holy Roman Empire may increase four or five times, and there can be a glimmer of hope.

This is only in name. "Making money", since the operating income is greater than the operating cost, if you want to recover the investment cost and obtain a considerable rate of return, it is estimated that the population will have to increase seven to eight times.

I don't know whether this can be achieved in the future, anyway, it will not be possible in Franz's lifetime. I see. It doesn't matter if you lose money, the key is to lose money with value.

In theory, as long as the Shinra Navy can control the Mediterranean, this seemingly strategic railway has no practical significance. After all, sea transportation is cheaper, After passing through a large circle of the railway, merchant ships have made several trips back and forth.

Judging from the current international situation, the hegemony of the HRE Navy in the Mediterranean has been completely established, and even the British cannot shake it.

If the British really have the courage to send the Royal Navy to Franz would laugh in his dreams when the main force is sent into the Mediterranean. The bathtub is no joke, and no one stipulates that naval battles can only be fought by the navy.

As the world's largest air force, Franz can declare domineeringly that the coastal areas are filled with warships from all countries. The restricted area.

Whether taking off from the Asian, African and European continental circle or taking off from the Italian Peninsula, the Shinra Air Force can make them go around. It doesn't matter if the hit rate is low, as long as the number increases, there will always be gains. If it doesn't work, the Japanese "Kamikaze" brigade is not bad either.

In addition to planes in the sky, there are also submarines underwater. Originally, Shinra was not very good at developing submarine technology, but with the end of the anti-French war, this situation improved.

On the basis of inheriting the French submarine technology, the Shinra Navy also has its own submarine fleet. The only regret is that the technology has not been able to break through, and it can only play offshore combat.

With so many advantages, the Vienna government's demand for the “Asia-Africa-Europe Ring Railway” is naturally not high. If it hadn't happened to catch up with the economic crisis, it is estimated that this railway would not even be approved.

There are no ifs in reality. Since we happen to catch up, then the circular railway will be born. Wasteful, perhaps yes. However, compared with the positive significance brought by the launch of the railway line, it is not worth mentioning.

After all, restoring the economy is the top priority of the Vienna government right now. Being able to get out of the economic crisis one day earlier will give Aegis an extra advantage in the struggle for currency hegemony.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1005: Cutting off the flesh with pain

Although the policy methods to stimulate the economy are somewhat crude, they are simple and effective. The Vienna government had just announced its "circular railway" plan, and the market had reacted.

On April 26, 1894, when the Vienna stock market opened, the infrastructure sector led the market with a 7-point opening, briefly exceeded 20 points, and finally closed with a sector gain of 11.6%.

Sectors such as steel, cement, engineering machinery and equipment, and banks related to railway construction have also rebounded.

Affected by this, the Vienna stock market rebounded by 3.62%, marking the largest rebound since the outbreak of the stock market crash.

Then there was no more. Since the stock market crash broke out, the Vienna stock market has been falling all the way. At its worst, the overall decline was as high as 74.3% compared to its peak. Even if there is a rebound, the market index is only 30% of its peak.

The market has fallen so miserably, and one can only imagine how far the market's confidence has collapsed. There is no way, the free development of the stock market is so willful.

Relatively speaking, the infrastructure steel sector is pretty good. As a mature industry, the ceiling of the market is in front of everyone. Its valuation is not high, and it is supported by major post-war reconstruction projects, so it will naturally not fall far.

After this wave of rebound, the market value has basically returned to three-quarters of its peak value, barely out of the crisis.

The hardest-hit area of ​​​​the stock market crash is actually the emerging technology industry, which has no performance support and only a "good story" to support the market value. Once the bubble is burst, it will fall so hard that you won't even recognize its mother.

Fortunately, he put on his vest, otherwise Franz would not dare to go out to meet people now. Technological progress also comes at a price, and it is too small to rely solely on individual power.

In order to speed up the technological development of the empire, Franz chose to list the company for financing without hesitation. Scientific research inherently requires luck, so a project often involves multiple research groups.

When catching a sheep to pluck wool, the light efficiency is too low and obviously cannot meet the demand. But this didn't bother Franz. There was no Internet these days anyway, so it didn't matter if he told a story several times .

From Vienna to London, technology companies from royal consortiums are listed in every larger financial market in Europe. If the overseas market hadn't been immature, the five continents would probably all be pastures.

Although the wool is a bit rough, compared to his peers, Franz is definitely a conscientious entrepreneur.

Different from the high-tech winner-take-all in later generations, now it has just started. Anyone who passes the level on any track can become a "great company".

The only regret is that the success rate is so low. In the past thirty years, the royal consortium has invested in no less than 2,000 listed technology companies. A quarter of them have gone bankrupt, and 70% of them are still struggling. In the end, less than 5% of them have a very nourishing life.

If you look at the data, you will know how pitfalls these high-tech projects are. There is no way, who made Franz a scumbag in his previous life?

Many times projects are launched because of an idea in the emperor's head. There is definitely no specific technology, and most of the time there is not even an idea, but only functional requirements.

For example: a refrigerator that can refrigerate food, an air conditioner that can cool and heat, a TV that can play videos, and a computer that is hard to understand...

a series of "high-tech" projects, no matter how far ahead they are. In 2006, Franz simply proposed a request, which was then evaluated by scientists. If you can't find a clue and don't know where to start , then package it up and go public for financing.

Anyway, the stories are good stories. Every family needs a machine to refrigerate food, and a machine that can adjust indoor temperature also has huge market potential.

As for whether it can be done, when can it be done?

Sorry, this is sacred scientific research. As long as it can be realized in theory and the story told can convince investors, that is enough.

The final result is very obvious. The more advanced the project, the more miserable it will be. Only a few lucky ones can stand out. Moreover, a large number of these companies have gone astray and achieved profits by relying on unintentional by-products .

For example: the refrigerator was not invented, but ice storage technology made a breakthrough; the television was not invented, but the movie projector came out first; the air conditioner was not seen, but the fan technology was improved... The lucky ones are always in the minority, The vast majority of enterprises have no technological breakthroughs in their main business and have not developed side businesses. They can only rely on continuous financing to survive.

Things were going well before the stock market crash. Investors were relatively tolerant of high-tech companies, spurred by successful examples. Including many capital consortiums, they all fooled into jumping into the pit.

After all, the high-tech companies created by the royal consortium are indeed engaged in scientific research. The financial accounts are also very clear. Apart from not making money, it is a completely conscientious enterprise.

After the stock market crash broke out, the true colors were suddenly revealed. Suddenly, everyone discovered what kind of company they invested in.

A huge amount of money has been invested, but a company has not made a profit for several years or even decades, or it has only maintained a small profit. What is it if it is not garbage?

If that's all, that's it. After all, there are still a series of special train technologies that may be used one day. However, the valuations of these companies are still extremely high, with price-to-earning ratios of hundreds of times. They are nothing but bubbles.

In fact, this lack of loss is the result of intentional manipulation by the royal consortium. Using other vests allows these companies to make some income on the side.

The hole is really too big and there is no way to settle the accounts, or the R&D team's ability is really rubbish, so it will be abandoned and allowed to go bankrupt.

A patent this month, and another technological breakthrough in a few months. Good news emerges one after another, constantly stimulating market confidence. Enterprises are raising more and more financing, and their market value is also expanding.

If the stock market crash hadn't happened, this game of passing on others could have continued. Until one day the technology breaks through and then it's another story.

It's a pity that reality has no ifs. Now that the bubble has burst, such a company without performance support will naturally fall into a mess.

"Cut in half" and then "cut in half" is only the treatment that belongs to the five percent of successful people. The overall decline in the technology sector was over 80%, and some individual stocks even fell as high as 99.9%.

If we calculate his net worth based on market value, after the stock market crash, Franz's paper wealth evaporated at least 8 billion EEG, which is more than the combined annual fiscal income of all countries in the world.

The bubbles you blew out will naturally have to swallow the bitter pill yourself. Of course, this is only on the surface. If you conduct in-depth research, you will find that since the outbreak of the European War, the major shareholders of these companies have begun to reduce their holdings.

The major shareholder is still a major shareholder, and only a small part of the shares are reduced. However, this small portion can now buy the entire company.

Franz, who had made a lot of profits, was not happy at the moment. In the past, we were harvesting wool and doing scientific research with other people's money. Naturally, we didn't feel bad when it was burned.

The situation is different now. There is no way to raise funds in the market. These powerful high-tech companies are on the verge of bankruptcy, and they are about to fall into their own hands.

There are only two ways in front of Franz: either save these companies with his own money; or he can cut off his wrist and get rid of these gold-eating beasts.

There is no doubt that neither path is a good choice. "Investment" is easy to say, but it is absolutely tearful to do it.

You must know that this is not just one or two companies, but thousands of companies that require money. Even though Franz is rich, he cannot afford such a waste.

"The strong man cuts off his wrist" does not cause any losses in the short term, but all previous efforts have been in vain. Moreover, with this lesson learned, it will not be so easy to make up stories in the future.

There is no way. The stock market crash happened so quickly that as a major shareholder, there was no way to escape. What's even more tragic is that during this stock market crash, Franz, because of his unyielding conscience, missed his own property when he was short selling.

A momentary misstep creates eternal hatred. Franz, who had missed out on hundreds of millions, suddenly found himself a poor man.

After much hesitation, Franz said helplessly: "Prime Minister, please find someone to carefully screen and bankrupt and reorganize all enterprises that have suffered serious losses and have not produced results. The remaining enterprises must also reduce their expenses and scientific research funds, and try their best to Possible development of money-making side businesses.

The royal consortium secretly provides certain help to these companies within its capabilities. In principle, priority is given to assisting our domestic companies, and overseas companies should be abandoned.

In addition, people are sent from the secondary market to gradually Acquire the stocks of high-quality domestic companies. The bottom is not far away, and it is time to rebound."

The stock market that has squeezed out the bubbles is like a chicken feather. Compared with the valuations that were dozens or hundreds of times before the stock market crash, the current valuations of several times are obviously much more pleasing to the eye.

The strong man cut off his wrist and cut off some enterprises with serious losses. Franz's heart was bleeding and he urgently needed to buy some high-quality assets at the bottom to replenish them.

Palace Minister Mirabellon persuaded: "Your Majesty, we are now at the end of the economic crisis. We will suffer huge losses due to large-scale bankruptcy and liquidation. It is better to let these enterprises transform. When necessary, the consortium can help them produce performance and increase their stock prices. Look for opportunities and leave them to the successors behind you."

In fact, this is also the reason why consortiums like to play with finance. Not only will the profits from starting your own business be slow, but you will also suffer heavy losses when encountering an economic crisis.

In comparison, playing finance is much easier. "Economic crisis" not only brings "danger", but also "opportunities".

It is a catastrophic crisis for ordinary people and businesses, but it is a great opportunity for financial consortiums.

When a crisis breaks out, you can play short; after the crisis breaks out, you can buy the bottom; after the crisis is over, you can turn around and sell the companies you bought at the bottom, and wait for the next round of crisis to continue playing.

In the capitalist world, an economic crisis every ten years or so is not only the self-regulation of the market, but also the fact that these guys behind the scenes see that the fruit is ripe and want to harvest it.

Otherwise, when the signs of such a big economic crisis were so obvious before it broke out, how could everyone not be aware of it?

Franz shook his head: "I think you misunderstood. This economic crisis will not end so easily. Although it is approaching the bottom, it is still far away from the end.

The most optimistic estimate is that the empire will not be able to get rid of it until next year. The Great Depression. As for other countries, it depends on their respective situations. Preliminary estimates indicate that it will take at least two years to completely get out of the crisis. It will take even longer for the market to regain confidence and find a new successor. . If we do not shut down these enterprises with serious losses, our losses will be even greater if we continue to hold on."

Unlike in the past, this time the economic crisis has been artificially postponed. According to the normal economic development pattern of the capitalist world, signs of economic crisis appeared as early as three years ago, but the initial location was in France.

If the European War had not broken out, the French would have been the first to explode. Perhaps realizing the seriousness of the crisis, the French chose to launch a war before the bubble burst.

While the war shifted the crisis, it also brewed new crises. If the crisis had been allowed to break out just after the European Continental War, it might have lasted for a year and a half.

Unfortunately, for their respective interests, the British and Austrian governments took actions to delay the outbreak of the crisis. The bull market was artificially extended for more than a year, the market doubled again, and the bubble was blown to an unparalleled level.

The bigger the bubble, the greater the damage it will cause when it bursts. The Vienna stock market evaporated three-quarters, and other financial markets are similar. The destructive power it brings is far beyond the previous economic crises.

Mirabellon's face changed drastically when he heard the bad news. The Great Depression, which lasted for more than two years, was as destructive as the Great Revolution of 1848.

If the Holy Roman Empire cannot take the lead and promote world economic recovery, the European continent may have to repeat the Great Revolution of 1848.

In a sense, the European world now has a better foundation for revolution than it did in 1848.

The wave of unemployment affecting various countries, the deteriorating economic situation, complex international conflicts, and the hatred between European countries are all hotbeds of revolutionary ideas.

The French were unwilling to fail, Spain was stuck in the quagmire of the Philippine War, Portugal was about to have a fight between the monarchists and the republicans, and the Italian states that had just become independent and the situation was not yet stable all had the foundation for a revolution.

As the new leader, the Holy Roman Empire seems to be majestic, but in fact it has reached a crossroads. Once a revolutionary wave breaks out on the European continent, the Vienna government will be in serious trouble.

In particular, there is Britain, which is secretly watching and wanting to cause trouble; and the tsarist government, which seems to have tempered its edge, but is still ambitious.

In this context, if the royal consortium does not endure the pain and cut off the flesh quickly, it may not even have the chance to cut the flesh.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1006: The Misao Movement in Advance When

the economic crisis broke out, not only Franz did not dare to mess around, but the British government also did not dare to mess around at this time.

Exporting revolution to the European continent seemed like a way to combat the nascent hegemony of the Holy Roman Empire. The problem was that revolutionary ideas were contagious.

As Europe's economy deteriorated, Britain's economic situation was not much better either. Although it didn't reach the point where a spark would completely explode, lighting a fire would definitely make them unable to eat and walk around.

As the world's largest financial empire, Britain is also the world's largest bubble empire. The losses caused by the bursting of the bubble are naturally the largest.

In this highly developed financial country, more than one-sixth of the British people have engaged in stock, bond, and futures investments. In London, the aunties who sweep the streets can talk to you for a long time when it comes to stocks.

If it's just ordinary investment, that's it. As long as the company has no problems, the worst thing is to wait for the next bull market to unwind. Anyway, there are many bull markets in London, which will happen every few years.

It's different for those who play with leverage. Many unlucky people have their positions liquidated in one fell swoop. In a stock market crash, sometimes it only takes a few minutes to go from millionaire to millionaire.

The collapse of the artificially delayed bull market has caused more heavy losses than any previous one. According to incomplete statistics, within three months after the stock market crash, the number of suicides in London exceeded 20,000, and hundreds of thousands of families were on the verge of bankruptcy due to the stock market crash.

The direct evaporation of wealth is only a small problem. What is more serious is that corporate financing has become difficult. Companies with insufficient cash flow are either struggling on the edge of bankruptcy or have already gone bankrupt.

In order to survive the crisis, companies have laid off employees and cut salaries to reduce operating costs. Affected by this, Britain's unemployment rate has also risen.

Just look at the people who take to the streets to demonstrate every day and you will know that the people are quite dissatisfied with the current economic environment.

How to restore the economy has become the biggest problem facing the British government. In this moment of crisis, Prime Minister Robert Cecil was naturally in no mood to play with fire.

...

Prime Minister Robert Cecil asked doubtfully: "Vienna wants to mediate the Japanese-Spanish War with us. Are they ready to abandon Spain?"

It's not that he is making a fuss, but the Holy Roman Empire has no reason to abandon Spain.

It is true that the Holy Roman Empire was the biggest victim of the economic crisis, but this only refers to the total economic volume. If the proportion is apportioned to the size of the economy, the situation is completely different.

In this regard, those who play in industry will definitely have an advantage over those who play in finance. No matter how the wealth on paper evaporates, the fixed assets will still be the original assets.

Looking at the performance of the Vienna government, we can see that it has recently issued large amounts of loans to European countries, and it obviously still has some spare capacity.

Even if you want to be friendly to Britain, there are other options. There is no need to give up on Spain. After all, Spain's strategic location is very important and can directly threaten the Strait of Gibraltar.

Foreign Secretary Cameron shook his head: "On the contrary, the Vienna government not only did not give up on Spain, but asked us to stop supporting the Japanese.

According to the old fox Weisenberg, we are all European countries and cannot look at Japan. The monkey came to power by stepping on Spain. This reason is simply irrefutable, and I almost believed it."

Believe it or not, it still depends on the interests. In the short term, it is obviously more beneficial to Britain for the Japanese to win the Philippine Campaign.

After thinking for a while, Robert Cecil said slowly: "No wonder the Spaniards have been so active in recent times and have been visiting Liberal Party members.

If these restless guys are persuaded by the Spaniards, then we will have We are in big trouble. The Ministry of Finance will settle the accounts as soon as possible. From now on, we will not be able to directly provide funds to the Japanese government ."

The sentiment of big Europeanism is not lethal, but the big label of "wasting taxpayers' money" is full of lethality. Especially in an economic crisis, it is even more powerful.

Don't think that members of Congress are too smart. In their eyes, party unity and opposition to differences are always more important than national strategy.

Not to mention the private sector. Most British people don't know where Japan and the Philippines are. Talking about strategic significance with them is no different from "playing the piano to a cow".

If it were to confront the Holy Roman Empire, everyone would probably still be able to accept it. But politics often needs to be reserved.

No matter how great the threat from the Holy Roman Empire was, no matter how fierce the secret conflict between the two countries was, Robert Cecil was unwilling to make the conflict explicit.

"Making it clear" also means "showdown." Unless there is certainty of victory, or the conflict between the two countries is really unbearable, no one will choose "showdown."

The reason is very simple. "Showdown" is often accompanied by war. If one cannot reach the shore and the other cannot cross the strait, it will be a lose-lose outcome for both parties.

Without being able to tell the truth, ordinary people will naturally not be convinced by Japan and Spain. If you guide public opinion a little, the situation will be completely different if you put it another way.

For example: high-level government officials received bribes from the Japanese before providing funds to the Japanese government.

Not to mention ordinary people, even Robert Cecil himself would believe it if he were not in office. For no other reason than it is very British.

Corruption is normal, only non-corruption is a problem. Corruption in Britain is deeply rooted in people's hearts, and it is right to point to this. No matter where you start checking, you can dig out a large number of borers.

In order not to stumble upon this, Robert Cecil decisively chose to follow his heart. As for the Japanese, they can only ask for their own blessings.

There seems to be only one word difference between direct support and indirect support, but the intensity is vastly different. The former can lend tens of millions of pounds to the Japanese government, while the latter can hardly borrow millions of pounds.

Cameron said noncommittally: "Prime Minister, in fact, there is no need for us to be so pessimistic. Since the enemy can find ways to attack us domestically and cut off the Japanese's source of funding, we can naturally counterattack accordingly. The Holy Roman Empire is not good However, Spain has flaws everywhere. The economic crisis and war have come at the same time, and the Spanish people have been overwhelmed by life. It only takes a spark to detonate.

Of course, the risk of directly igniting the fire of revolution in Europe is still too great. If you pick up a few, you might get burned.

But it doesn't matter, the Spanish colony is not peaceful either. The leaders of the Cuban independence organization are in London. As long as they are sent back and support a batch of weapons and equipment, the Spaniards will be exhausted.

Whether the Japanese persist longer or Spain is more resilient depends on who God favors more."

Politics is so cruel. Britain can give up on the Japanese, and Vienna can also give up on Spain. Everything is a benefit.

Because of the special geographical location of the Philippine Islands, it affects the peace and stability of the Southeast Asia region, so the Vienna government will support Spain.

Cuba is different. Although Cuba's cane sugar and cigars are good, it has nothing to do with the Holy Roman Empire. Whether Spain can hold on or not is their own problem.

...

It will take time for the British to pull the trigger, but the Japanese crisis is imminent. Without financial support from London, the Tokyo government instantly felt the pressure.

Since the outbreak of the war, the Tokyo government has begun to borrow money to survive. Although they have tried their best, the government's own funds can still only cover two-thirds of the expenses on the battlefield.

After receiving the bad news that the British suddenly cut off their loans, Emperor Meiji felt anxious even though he had been prepared for it.

There is no way. Being mentally prepared does not mean being financially prepared. The Japanese have never fully believed in the integrity of the British.

As early as the outbreak of the economic crisis, the Japanese government was aware of the danger, but the chariot has already started and cannot be stopped at all.

Chess pieces are chess pieces. From the moment they become chess pieces in the Anglo-Austrian game, the initiative is no longer in the hands of the Japanese government.

Emperor Meiji asked: "What do the British say? You can't cut off our loans for no reason, right?"

Ito Hirobumi: "The British explained that the risk is too great and does not meet the bank's lending evaluation standards. Unless we can come up with more collateral, otherwise the banking consortium will terminate lending.

Last night, I personally communicated with the British Minister. The London government has not given up its support for us, but due to political changes, the London government cannot continue to provide us with debt guarantees. .

However, the British minister also brought good news. The good days of the Spaniards are coming to an end soon. The situation in Cuba is unstable, and independent organizations are planning an uprising. As long as we get through the most difficult months now, what will happen next The situation will improve.

The British suggested that we use the mediation of the Vienna government to make a fuss about armistice with the Spanish first and wait for the situation to develop further."

Regardless of the fact that the money provided by the British government turned into bank loans when it arrived in Japan, these are all It is a characteristic of the times.

Normally, your international loan these days is not a usury, but it is still hovering on the edge of a usury.

Even if there are political conditions attached to interest-free loans or low-interest loans, the beneficiary is not a private commercial bank. Why should they be allowed to bear the risks alone and make profits?

The only way for commercial banks to take on such seemingly unrewarded loans is for the government to pay for it, and then the government can recoup the costs through other sources of income.

The situation is not right now, the London government can no longer pay for this, and the bankers naturally don't buy it.

In order to strengthen the determination of the Japanese government to continue the war, the British decisively resorted to the art of painting cakes. Before the Cuban independence movement even started, the British regarded it as good news and sent it to the Japanese government.

Emperor Meiji frowned and said: "Are you sure the British are not joking about the Cuban independence movement? Have you heard of any place that has succeeded in independence in the past few decades?" It's not that Emperor Meiji looks down on the Cubans. The key is that it is now a colonial empire. At its peak, there was not even a hint of a wave of colonial independence movements.

The Cuban independence movement has been going on for decades. It was initially supported by Americans. After the split in the United States, the Cuban independence movement lost its supporters and entered a trough. Now that the British suddenly throw out the Cuban independence movement, it is really not very convincing.

Kuroda Kiyotaka replied: "Your Majesty, whether the Cuban independence movement can succeed or not has nothing to do with us for the time being. Whether they succeed or fail, it will not affect the Philippine campaign in a short time. In fact, we are now in the Philippine Islands It is not the Spanish army that has been fighting for a long time, otherwise we would not be so passive.

Even if the Cuban uprising breaks out, the Spaniards will not be able to transfer mercenaries from the Philippines to quell the rebellion. The enemy we need to face will not weaken because of this. .

The only effect of the Cuban uprising is to consume the financial resources of the Spanish. As an old-school colonial empire, no one knows how rich the family is. Anyway, it will definitely beat us in terms of financial resources. Instead of counting on the Cuban independence movement, it is better to look forward to the economic crisis. It would be better to let a revolution break out in Spain.

Unfortunately, a compromise has been reached within the Spanish royal family. The Carlists who succeeded the French throne cannot continue to fight for the Spanish throne.

It is only a small probability event to expect problems in Spain, as the British say Said, the only thing we can use in a short period of time is the mediation proposed by Vienna.

The problem is that the Vienna government has always supported the Spanish, and most of them will support them even if there is mediation. If you want to use mediation to delay time and wait for the situation to improve, I am afraid..."

I originally wanted to say "truce", but after considering the domestic political situation, Kuroda Kiyotaka had to swallow it.

It wasn't that Kuroda Kiyotaka was cowardly, it was the sudden retreat of the British that made him lose confidence in winning the war.

Looking at the situation on the battlefield, we can see that the expeditionary fleet that severely damaged Spain was quickly supplemented by the Vienna government; it defeated the Spanish army, and then a group of French mercenaries came.

If this continues, the Vienna government may soon take off its disguise and personally come to help.

The support provided by the enemy's backstage was beyond imagination, while our own backstage only provided support and cheers in addition to selling arms and providing loans.

Even the encouragement is not enough. Only the British support the Japanese government politically, while Spain has the support of more than a dozen European countries, which is not on the same level at all.

Now even the loan is not given, which makes Kuroda Kiyotaka, who was already opposed to going south, completely give up any hope of winning the war.

...

The imperial meeting is still going on, but the situation in Tokyo has changed first. No matter how much "victory news" the government announces, the continued war cannot deceive anyone.

Although the Tokyo government has tried its best to block news from the front line, there is always no news on paper. Embassies of various countries have no obligation to keep secrets for them, and ships traveling to and from Japan also have no obligation to keep secrets for them.

Ordinary people cannot tell whether the news is true or false, but their stomachs cannot deceive others. In the early days of the Japanese occupation of the Philippine Islands, a large amount of supplies were plundered from the Philippines, and even ordinary people in Tokyo lived a good life for a few days.

The situation soon changed. With the beginning of Spain's counterattack, prices in Tokyo, which had just fallen, immediately began to surge upward again.

"House seemingly endless rain".

Against the backdrop of rising prices, people's wages have fallen instead of rising. The reason is that in order to raise more war funds, the Japanese government increased taxes on domestic companies, and the capitalists passed the losses on to the working class.

Fortunately, after working hard all day, the final income cannot even make a living, and conflicts naturally arise.

On June 16, 1894, when several textile workers in Tokyo were buying rice at a rice store, they encountered a sudden increase in prices. They tried to argue with the store but failed, and they robbed the rice store out of anger.

People were blindly obedient. When they saw someone taking the lead in robbing rice, people who were unwilling to suffer from hunger joined in one after another.

One rice store is definitely not enough for everyone to grab. People who were too slow to gain anything started targeting other nearby rice stores. The whole street was in chaos for a while.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1007: Crisis is everywhere.

One wave has not subsided, but another wave has arisen. While Japan fell into the "Misao Movement", the situation in Europe also rapidly deteriorated, and the voice of revolution once again resounded throughout the European continent.

Unlike previous great revolutions, France is no longer leading the charge this time. Perhaps because the shadow left by the former revolutionary government was too terrifying, the people of Paris have behaved quite calmly recently.

It is also not the Belgian and Italian states that Franz is most concerned about. Although the crisis in these countries is the most serious, the French cannot resist the hatred!

From the government to the people, everyone attributed the domestic economic crisis to the French invasion. Now is the time when the Chinese people are most united.

In addition, the Vienna provided them with timely assistance. With the relief food distributed by the government, ordinary people could barely eat half full, and government social order was stabilized.

Spain, which is trapped in the Philippine War and cannot extricate itself, will definitely not be able to escape. However, they were not the origin of the crisis. It was Bulgaria that was the first to fire the first shot of the revolution, which no one expected.

The city gate caught fire, affecting the fish in the pond.

Bulgaria is a fish in the pond. As a raw material for high-end cosmetics, rose essential oil with limited production capacity has always been in short supply in the international market. As the king of rose essential oil, Bulgarian rose essential oil is the target of everyone's pursuit.

It's the time when roses are blooming again. In previous years, the factory's production capacity has long been booked, but the production capacity is limited.

This year's situation is special. Affected by the economic crisis, the volume and price of rose essential oil in the international market have dropped. During the rose essential oil purchasing season, very few foreign businessmen arrived in Bulgaria.

Even for this limited order, the purchase price was very low, less than one-fifth of previous years.

Processing companies are having a hard time, and everyone in the entire industry chain is having a hard time. Farmers who make a living by growing roses and workers who are engaged in picking and processing are all in a difficult situation.

The sufferings of the people were invisible to the officials of the tsarist government. Not only was there no relief, but the taxes that should be collected were not less.

No money means no money, no matter how hard you squeeze it, you still have no money. The Bulgarian farmers and workers who were forced into desperation launched a tax resistance movement.

Under the rule of the tsarist government, life for the Bulgarian people was not very easy, and the tax resistance movement quickly gained support from all walks of life.

On June 26, 1894, hundreds of thousands of Bulgarian people launched demonstrations at the same time, petitioning the tsarist government to reduce taxes and grant Bulgaria national autonomy.

It is a pity that the Bulgarian people encountered a governor who wanted to cover up the situation. For the sake of his own official title, Aristotlevich persuaded the people to retreat on the grounds that it would take time to report the decision of the tsarist government .

After the people retreated, Governor Aristotleovich immediately turned his back and sent people overnight to arrest the leaders of the demonstration and petition.

Needless to say what happened next, the deceived Bulgarian people were completely angry, and the fire of revolution was ignited.

Revolution is contagious, and the Bulgarian people launched a national uprising, which directly stimulated the Poles who also wanted to get rid of Russian rule.

On July 11, 1894, Polish independence organizations launched an uprising in the Warsaw area. The Russian army was caught off guard and before they could resist, Warsaw fell.

Once the valve is open, it is difficult to close it.

On July 16, 1894, the Portuguese Republicans launched an uprising in Porto; on July 21, the National Union of Magna Graecia launched an uprising in the Peloponnese; on August 2, a workers' uprising broke out in Bilbao, Spain; On the 13th , the Irish people launched a national independence movement in Cavan...

In just two months, more than 20 uprisings, large and small, broke out on the European continent, affecting Russia, Spain, Britain, Portugal, Greece, France and the Seven Kingdoms of HRE.

Yes, the Holy Roman Empire did not escape the impact of the revolutionary wave. There is no way, the forest is big and there are all kinds of birds, and with more countries, it is normal for some weird things to happen.

At the end of July, a bourgeois revolutionary movement broke out in the Principality of Nassau, which can hardly be found on the map. Then, they were suppressed by Duke Adolf of Nassau and his guards that day.

As long as the final result is good, Franz doesn't care and doesn't want to know what happened in the middle.

Open the map of Europe and plant small flags in areas where revolution broke out, as if the flame of revolution is already burning in the European continent, with the potential to start a prairie fire.

Of course, these are all illusions. Although revolutions have broken out many times and affected a wide range of areas, not many of them have truly taken off.

In fact, revolution is not a new word since the 19th century. Revolutions appear on the European continent almost every year, but very few actually make a commotion.

Compared with the Great Revolution of 1848, the influence of this revolutionary wave was obviously much weaker. In the final analysis, we are still not forced to a dead end. The people still have one option - to go to the colonies.

Don't think that politicians are all fools. If they can defeat many competitors and stand out, they will not be fools. They will only choose to be foolish because of their own interests. Everyone is usually smarter when it comes to maintaining their own rule.

Every economic crisis is the climax of Europe's overseas immigration, and it depends not only on the initiative of the people. Without the cooperation of the government, how could thousands of immigrants leave so easily?

Although there was a flood outlet, Franz still did not dare to take it lightly. There are so many lords in the Holy Roman Empire who are constantly recruiting people in the country, and they can even drive the social unemployment rate to an all-time low, so naturally there is no need to worry too much.

What really worries Franz is his many younger brothers. The situation in the seven-state countries of Belgium and Italy seems to be stable. Who knows how long their people's morale can last?

Even though the French are spreading hatred and diverting public attention, the people's tolerance has its limits. Just eating half full may not be enough to meet everyone's needs.

Not to mention Spain, even though the Bilbao uprising was extinguished, the social conflicts in Spain have still not been resolved.

Others relied on war to divert domestic crises, but Spain exacerbated the crisis because of the war. For no other reason than the delay in victory, the people have grown impatient.

"Japan is very powerful." This explanation would probably make a European laugh. In everyone's impression, the world's powerful countries are all in Europe, and overseas countries are all soft-footed shrimps.

In the original time and space, Italians kept setting new records, and everyone was much more able to bear it. Even though the Spanish-American War failed, the Spanish people survived.

Things are different now. Without the Italians to make jokes, the Spanish army's current performance has become the target of ridicule.

It has been almost two years since the Battle of the Philippines broke out. The Spanish government has successively invested hundreds of thousands of Spanish Army troops and hundreds of thousands of mercenaries, spending hundreds of millions of Aegis on military expenditures. However, it has not been able to achieve a decent result, and the shame has been thrown into the grandma's house.

In addition to these hardest-hit areas that are likely to collapse, there are also some lightly-hit areas affected by the revolutionary wave, such as Greece and Switzerland, which also require focus.

If the younger brother only has revolutionary dangers, then France, as the cradle of revolution, is a bomb that ignites the line of fire.

As the big BOSS in the European War, France experienced another civil war, and France's losses could not be counted at all. After finally waiting for the Bourbon dynasty to come to power, the situation stabilized, and immediately encountered an economic crisis.

Falling from the world's top power to a third-rate country, this kind of psychological gap is probably unbearable to normal people. Now that even their stomachs can't be filled, the people's resentment is even greater.

After several rounds of dynasty changes, no matter how to guide the public sentiment, the consequences will have to be borne by the Bourbon dynasty.

In a sense, the Philippine War also saved France. Behind the hundreds of thousands of mercenaries are hundreds of thousands of families, and millions of people have made a living because of this war.

From this perspective, the Philippine War also has positive significance. Theoretically, as long as the number of mercenaries is tripled, the difficulties faced by France will be solved.

After all, France now is no longer the French Empire before. After a wave of chaos, France's total population has dropped to less than 30 million.

If there are more than 400,000 mercenaries, their monthly salary income alone will be more than 6 million Aegis. If the profits on the battlefield are included, it will be even greater.

The return of so much foreign exchange can not only solve the livelihood of hundreds of thousands of families, but also stimulate the domestic economy and create a large number of jobs.

However, this is not possible. Even if the Japanese fight to the death, the Spanish government cannot afford to support so many mercenaries.

In modern warfare, salary expenses are only a fraction of the cost. Even if the weapons and ammunition are second-hand goods obtained after the victory of the Anti-French War, other logistical materials will also cost a lot of money.

In fact, the Spanish government has been able to persist until now because mercenaries are cheap enough.

It's not that the salary is cheap, it's mainly that the pension is cheap. Out of humanitarian concern, a token amount is enough. If you don't, there will be no big problem. There is no need to worry about family members protesting.

The combat effectiveness is not bad, it is cheap and easy to use, there is no need to worry about family members protesting, and it is very cost-effective. Franz once wanted to sell French mercenaries to the major colonial empires to help the French government survive the crisis.

After thinking about it, I still can't take any concrete actions. The reason is very practical. This is to support the enemy. With cheap and easy-to-use mercenaries, the maintenance costs of various countries' colonies will be reduced, and the advantages of the Holy Roman Empire will be weakened invisibly.

Of course, the most important thing is that French mercenaries are not popular. Although France fell from the altar after its defeat, European countries still feared them.

If you hire French mercenaries to maintain the stability of the colonies, once France rises again, it will lead to the wolf entering the house. Spain, which is currently using French mercenaries, is no exception. They only hire them temporarily and will send them back after the war.

If it were Swiss mercenaries, everyone's acceptance would probably be much higher. At least there is no need to worry that the Swiss will turn against tourists.

Plan No. 1 to solve the hidden dangers in France went bankrupt, and Franz could only passively activate Plan No. 2, which was to fund the Bourbon dynasty and use the power of the aristocratic group to stabilize the situation.

Fortunately, the people of Paris did not participate in the commotion this time, and King Carlos' political skills were not bad, and he barely stabilized the situation. However, overall, it is still not optimistic.

The current situation is that as long as the economic crisis does not end, the situation on the European continent will not be stable.

The only good thing is that the revolutionary wave has also dragged Britain and Russia down. Everyone is on the edge of the cliff, and no one dares to mess around at this time.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1008 Bank of Conscience

Unlike the troublemakers who are afraid of chaos in the world, as a pacifist, Franz has always been the most disgusted with chaos.

Seeing that the European continent was about to be in chaos, as a responsible European overlord, Franz knew that he should do something.

In essence, this European turmoil is due to the economic crisis. The outbreak of the crisis was artificially delayed, but follow-up flood discharge work was not done well, causing the situation to get out of control after the crisis broke out.

Previous economic crises were usually caused by one or two of economic policy errors, currency supply and demand imbalances, overheated investment, stock market bubbles, debt excess, natural disasters, financial crises, overcapacity...

This economic crisis is different. Except for natural disasters, everything else is complete. The consequences are naturally unprecedented.

Governments in various countries have no experience in dealing with such a large-scale economic crisis. They all adopted a laissez-faire attitude and watched the situation deteriorate to the current point.

According to information collected by the Vienna government, after the outbreak of the economic crisis, unemployment rates in various countries experienced explosive growth.

Although everyone is sending immigrants overseas to alleviate domestic employment pressure, immigration is not an easy task.

Shinra immigrants have rich experience, and there are a large group of noble lords competing for important people. The one-stop service is perfect, and the entire German-speaking cultural circle has benefited from it. Someone has taken care of it from beginning to end.

It's different in other European countries. Not every noble is a master of languages. Immigrants who don't understand the language and culture don't dare to hire them.

There is no team that takes the initiative to recruit people. Immigration mainly relies on the initiative of the people. Even if the government provides convenience, not many people leave. What's even more tragic is that most of the people who ran away were from the middle class. Ordinary people couldn't even afford a boat ticket to the colonies, so they had to rely on relatives and friends to scrape things together.

Against this background, the progress of immigration is naturally slow. If everyone is like Shinra, if someone comes to rescue someone as soon as they lose their job, where is the risk of revolution?

Escape from the economic crisis will not happen overnight. Cheating is not allowed. You must abide by the natural regulation of the market. Relying on policies to forcefully stimulate the economy will only solve urgent needs and will also leave serious sequelae.

If you can't solve the problem, then solve the problem. Despite the many crises faced by those young men, in fact not many of them have problems.

A quick calculation shows that the seven states in Italy have a total population of about 15 million, Greece has more than one million people, Belgium has only more than 4 million people, and Switzerland has about 2 million people. Ten thousand people, the maximum The population of Spain is more than 18 million, and the total population is only about 40 million.

Based on this population ratio, the number of working-age young people with labor force is only 20 million at most, and the actual number may be even smaller. Even if the unemployment rate is as high as 20%, only four million people are unemployed.

The unemployment rate cannot be higher. Except for Belgium, which is slightly more industrialized, the rest are agricultural countries. The industrial population accounts for less than 30%, so they can't all be unemployed, right?

Even if they are unemployed, not everyone faces life difficulties, and there is no need to worry about immigrants running away. Those who are slightly wealthy and can survive the economic crisis also don't need to worry about it.

Considering the actual situation, as long as the employment problem of three million of them is solved, social order can be initially stabilized.

There are definitely no jobs for Franz, but it doesn't matter, there are definitely colonies in the Shinra Empire. With so many noble lords, even if you help them build castles, manors, and farms, you can create three million jobs.

The reason for not hiring overseas workers is not that the nobles and lords do not want to hire them. The key is that they cannot communicate flexibly because of the language barrier.

Personally, this is a big hassle. But for the government, it is not a problem. As long as it can be managed uniformly, whether it is language training or language translation, it is a good choice.

It doesn't even need the government to come forward, it can be solved by letting the labor dispatch company take action. You must know that in recent years, several labor dispatch giants have appeared in the Shinra Empire.

It has provided tens of millions of laborers to the American continent, made outstanding contributions to the economic development of the Americas, and accumulated rich labor dispatch experience.

Now that the American route is no longer available, these guys have switched from exporting to domestic sales, constantly organizing immigrants from the European continent to the colonies, and obtaining commissions from noble lords.

Frankly speaking, if Franz, the boss, was not so powerful, the group of fiefdom nobles in Shinra would never be as wealthy as they are now.

Territory construction is very expensive. Although nobles are quite wealthy, if they don't know how to plan, they can easily go bankrupt.

In order to help everyone build their territory, Franz specially hired noble children with experience in territory construction to serve as their territory development consultants and help them formulate development plans based on actual conditions.

This alone is obviously not enough. In addition to development plans, there are also bank loans with sufficiently low interest rates. Compared with the commercial loan interest rates on the market, which range from more than ten points to dozens of points, the policy loans provided by Royal Bank only charge a symbolic two points.

It's really symbolic, there are no additional conditions, only two points of interest are charged, which is not even enough for operating costs, and there is no profit at all. It is not an exaggeration to say that it is charity.

In fact, since its establishment, Royal Bank's special attributes have determined that it cannot pursue high interest rates and high returns like ordinary commercial banks.

Therefore, Royal Bank never accepts ordinary commercial loans, but only engages in international loans or policy loans, and the interest rates have never been high.

Of course, the exception is royal family consortium companies. Your own business can still get preferential loans from the Royal Bank. After all, the emperor also needs to eat. For the sake of the reputation of the royal family, the Royal Bank is not for profit, but it does not say that it cannot make money indirectly through other channels!

Including providing low-interest loans to nobles, which seems to have little benefit, but in fact the hidden interests behind it are extraordinary.

If Franz hadn't been the emperor, it wouldn't have been his turn to do such a deal. Loans are indeed inconspicuous, but behind them are the economic lifeblood of many fiefdom nobles in the Shinra Empire.

Franz could see it, and so could everyone else. As early as the beginning of the enfeoffment of the nobility, there were capitalists who were unwilling to be left alone and intervened, but the ending of these people was not very good in the end.

There is no way. The nobles of the Shinra fiefdoms are all killed with one knife and one shot. If you want to control people's lifeblood through economic means, what is it if you are not seeking death?

Especially a group of guys who fantasize about taking over the magpie's nest through loan traps. Now grass grows on every grave. It doesn't matter if you play with contracts, as long as you can play with guns.

It is no joke that the feudal nobles are equal to the princes and kings. When we get to someone else's territory, if they want to fall out, how can a few capitalists do it?

Failure to repay debts is a tradition left by our ancestors. As long as you look at the history books, you will know that killing creditors without paying them is nothing new.

The Royal Bank can do this business because Franz is the prince of the nobles, and the loan interest provided is very low. It can be announced to the public that it is helping the younger brother overcome financial difficulties and gain both fame and fortune. This does not exist at all. trouble.

It won't work for others, and it won't work for anyone who comes. The seniors have set an example. There is no problem with borrowing money at usury. They dare to sign no matter how harsh the loan conditions are, as long as they kill the creditor afterwards.

Even if they can't be killed, it doesn't matter. In their own territory, the lord has the right to formulate laws and taxes, as long as they don't conflict with the central government's decrees.

For example: a lord formulated the "Usury Debt Exemption Law", which stipulated directly based on the legal situation that any commercial loan with a loan interest rate exceeding 8% would not be protected by the law.

It fully complied with the spirit of the constitution of the Shinra Empire, except that one number in the usury identification criteria was removed. Then the standard usury interest rate dropped from 48% to 8%, and the debt was legally discharged.

As for the spirit of contract, it cannot be eaten as food. As long as they let go of their moral integrity, there is nothing the capitalists can do against the princes and kings who can make the rules.

learn from mistakes. With the bloody lessons of the martyrs, bankers have learned wisely and put these princes and kings on the loan blacklist early.

Even if commercial banks really want to lend money, they have to go back to their home country to sign a loan contract, and even the collateral must be in their home country. They are afraid that these guys will not be able to repay the debt and set the table.

Excluding the potential political gains, low-interest loans can actually be profitable, but this time period needs to be extended to 20 to 30 years, or even longer.

Royal Bank does not accept personal business loans, nor does it accept personal deposits. Although these noble lords are poor now, once their territories develop, they will all become rich in the future.

With the deposits from these people, Royal Bank will be the bank with the most abundant cash flow in the world in the future.

Otherwise, the two-point loan interest rate would be ridiculous, especially if you have to open branches in the colonies. Even with the support of the central bank, it would be a proper loss-making project. In addition to political gains, pushing it to state-owned banks is the same.

According to the Royal Bank's public financial reports, the overseas colonial branches alone lose millions of shields every year.

If it were not for value-added services such as bond issuance and listing financing, this bank, one of the top ten banks in the world, would have been at the top of the World Bank's loss list for many years.

Making money has the advantages of making money, and not making money also has the advantages of not making money. The Royal Bank, which was not profitable and often suffered losses, also gained Franz a lot of reputation.

Even though the bank's assets have continued to expand since its establishment, people can't even feel jealous because of its unprofitable nature.

Of course, this is just what ordinary people think. Those who are interested in finance have long been jealous. Only they know best the potential benefits that a bank with sufficient cash flow can bring.

There is no use in being jealous. On the surface, the Royal Bank is doing charity. Once it generates "profit", in addition to filling the previous financial losses, the excess will be used by the emperor for charity.

Compared with all banks on the market, Royal Bank is a model of conscience in the banking industry. This will all be blamed, and other banks will not be able to survive.

In a sense, the Royal Bank also acted as an "intelligence organization", monitoring every move in the colony.

Although it was impossible to even know what the nobles ate every meal, the general development of the colony could still be understood.

Which guys are calm, which guys are ambitious, and which guys want to cause trouble, are all recorded.

The prime minister's heart is good enough to support a boat, and Franz's mind is not bad either. As long as these people don't challenge his bottom line, then it is in harmony with the emperor and his subjects; if they cross the line, then it is no wonder that he, the emperor, is cheating people.

That's right, it's a scam. In the context of European society, as long as the nobles did not commit serious crimes, the emperor could not do anything to them.

Even a powerful emperor like Franz could not convict someone before they caused trouble. What the emperor can do is to wear small shoes for others, or dig a few holes in front.

It is too unskilled to put small shoes on people, and it is easy to be criticized. In comparison, digging holes in the dark is much more comfortable. Many people fell into the pit and were buried, and no one knew who did it.

It's just that this kind of treatment is not something ordinary people can enjoy. Ordinary little nobles, unless they raise a flag to rebel, will not be able to get into Franz's eyes at all.

Franz had seen many aristocrats seeking death, but he had never seen one who directly raised the flag to rebel. The most stupid one was just to join the revolutionary party. "Princes, princes and generals should be willing to be with each other", this slogan is really not shouted by anyone.

In line with the concept of helping others, Franz decided to lend a hand to his younger brothers. Anyway, the colony is now short of young and strong labor force, and the nobles are almost fighting over people.

Franz didn't dare to absorb millions of foreign immigrants at once, but he still had no pressure to provide millions of temporary jobs.

There is no fear that the nobles will refuse, and it is a rare and cheap labor force. Once you pass this village, there will be no such store again.

Now is the worst period of the economic crisis. The average salary of European workers has fallen to the lowest point in ten years and is still declining slowly.

Although French mercenaries can get a high salary of almost 15 Aegis per month, it is life-saving money during the war, and they need to fight for their lives. Even if ordinary workers went to the colonies, their salaries would not be much higher.

According to the current labor market situation in continental Europe, hiring a young and strong labor force to open up wasteland in Africa can be done with 5 Aegis per month including food and accommodation.

Considering the income imbalance among people in various countries, some poor countries can still hire people as long as they provide simple food and accommodation and a monthly salary of 3 Aegis.

Such cheap labor was completely unimaginable in the Holy Roman Empire. Without doubling the salary, hiring people would be a joke.

Affected by the Great Immigration Policy, the labor costs of the HRE Empire had unknowingly risen to the highest level in Europe, on par with Britain.

"Cheap" labor, that's history. If the industry of the Shinra Empire had not already developed, the high labor costs alone would be enough to kill all labor-intensive industries.

Labor costs are determined by the economic level and market supply and demand. The labor costs in the HRE are high, and the labor costs in the colonies are even higher.

Without a high salary, who would want to go to a poor place in a poor place?

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1009: The forced European Economic SummitThe European Economic Summit Forced out-69 Book Bar In order to quell the revolutionary wave, stabilize the situation on the European continent, and revitalize the European economy, the European Continental Alliance decided to hold a European Economic Summit in Vienna.

Strictly speaking, this can only be regarded as the Continental Union Economic Summit. Only members of the Continental League attended the meeting, and Britain and France were excluded from the invitation list. No need for a reason, I just don't want to take them to play.

By convening the European Economic Summit at this time, countries are forced to have no choice but to do so. After the outbreak of the economic crisis, everyone's economy has been hit hard. The more economically developed countries are, the greater the impact they have suffered.

Due to a lack of experience in dealing with crises, governments around the world failed to take timely action, causing the crisis to expand and social conflicts to rise sharply.

After the revolutionary wave surged, in order to stabilize the domestic situation, governments of various countries launched "relief measures" one after another.

The effect of the "relief method" was very obvious. After being able to barely fill their stomachs, the revolutionary party's momentum quickly waned. The only drawback was that it was too expensive.

There are originally many poor people in the European Union. During the economic crisis, the fiscal revenue of various governments has been significantly reduced. At this time, money must be used to "relieve" the unemployed, which is a test for the finances of various countries.

Except for the HRE, the Netherlands, Montenegro, Armenia, and the Nordic Federation, all the remaining countries are either financial bankrupt or on the verge of bankruptcy.

Needless to say, Shinra has a strong family background and was the first to take countermeasures to stabilize the domestic real economy. It has now passed the most dangerous period.

Montenegro and America are both agricultural countries. If handicrafts can be considered industries, their industries will account for about five or six percent of the national economy. Such an economic structure is naturally not qualified to enjoy an economic crisis.

Although the Netherlands and the Nordic Federation did not participate in the European War, they were indeed the beneficiaries of the war. They had just made a war fortune, and their own financial situation was not bad. The government could save a little in other areas and tighten its belt.

The rest is hard work. The tsarist government has never been rich. The war wealth generated during the European War was not enough to fill the holes in the Anglo-Russian War. Now that it has suppressed several waves of domestic revolutions, the treasury is once again free of money.

Although Portugal is also a member of the colonial empire, due to corruption within the government, the colonies that were supposed to create wealth have turned into money-losers in their hands.

Everyone knows that once the bureaucrats lose their restraints, no amount of fiscal revenue will be enough for them to squander, so it is not surprising that the Portuguese government goes bankrupt.

As for the seven countries of Spain, Belgium, and Italy, they were all damaged by the war, while Switzerland suffered from indigestion.

As for Greece, it is a country that can drive creditors crazy. Since independence in 1832, they have experienced more than a dozen financial crises, one every three to five years on average, and bankruptcy is inevitable for them.

Of course, this is also because the two major creditors, Britain and France, are too dark. If everyone was as conscientious as Franz, the chances of financial bankruptcy would be much smaller.

So far, ten countries in continental Europe have declared bankruptcy, including Greece, Belgium, Switzerland, Portugal, Sardinia... Also on the verge of bankruptcy are the Papal States, Spain, and Russia.

There is no doubt that this kind of large-scale collective bankruptcy is definitely abnormal. You must know that the Vienna government just issued loans to everyone not long ago. No matter how difficult the finances of various countries are, they will not collapse so quickly .

There is no need to delve into the truth. Anyone with good history knows it anyway.

Since geopolitics determines the pro-Austrian stance of European countries, Britain, which has been excluded, will naturally not use its hot face to its cold butt, and its diplomatic relations will fade.

After the economic crisis broke out, financial crises broke out in European countries one after another. Naturally, British bankers would not let go of this opportunity to take advantage of the situation.

Greed leads to loss. It doesn't matter if you take advantage of the situation. The key is that in the face of interests, the bankers did not adjust their mentality in time and were still immersed in the glory of Britain.

With the birth of the Continental Union, Britain's voice on the European continent has been weakened to a historical low. Of course, Britain is still awesome and no one dares to tease his beard.

However, as the economic situation continues to deteriorate and the revolutionary wave continues to rise, the cruel reality of lack of money in pockets has outweighed everyone's fear of the British.

Of course, you don't dare to default on your debts, but you still dare to find excuses to postpone debt repayments. Anyway, the British government doesn't give them low-interest loans. What they borrow from commercial banks are usurious loans. Now they can't repay them even if they want to.

There has never been a shortage of warriors in this world. Perhaps it was the period of house arrest in London or the thrilling escape that left a shadow on Vittorio Emanuele III.

Vittorio Emanuele III, who was driven crazy by finances, did a cruel thing under the trend of hatred. First, it borrowed money frantically from British banks. After getting the money, it immediately declared the government bankrupt and demanded debt restructuring.

In order to share the pressure, Vittorio Emanuele III not only did it himself, but also encouraged neighboring countries to do it together.

Franz didn't know exactly how it was done. Anyway, the final result was that they succeeded. Several Italian countries just cheated 30 million pounds from the British.

No wonder six Italian states declared bankruptcy almost at the same time, clearly colluding in advance. Because I was not brave enough to directly hack British money, I used bankruptcy as an excuse.

As for the other participant, the Papal State, they did not declare bankruptcy because they had religious protection.

As long as he can let go of his moral integrity, the Pope can do many things. "Bankruptcy" is too shameless. As a servant of God, everything belongs to God, so the debts of servants can also be regarded as God's debts.

It's a bit of a rogue thing to do, so let's use the most popular saying in the Middle Ages: "In the eyes of God, usury is the ugliest and most abominable crime."

If you are a devout believer in God, you must reduce the interest rate. Faced with this unreasonable existence, it is estimated that most bankers will have a headache.

… These are all Franz's brainstorming based on the information in his hand. He doesn't have time to care about how to operate them.

In fact, the Italians do a very good job of keeping secrets. If the British bankers hadn't made a fuss later, Franz wouldn't have known there was such a magical operation.

Fortunately, these guys know their limits and know how to use bankruptcy as an excuse to demand debt restructuring. If you just refuse to pay, you are committing suicide.

Not everyone is a bear. If you want to default on your debt these days, you must first see if you can resist a beating. Otherwise, if someone comes armed to collect debts, then just cry slowly!

Don't expect anyone to stand up for something like this that is obviously wrong. Politics requires detours, and those who confront directly cannot survive.

In any case, there was no chaos in Italy, and Vittorio Emanuele III also played a great role. If he hadn't taken the lead in getting some money from the British, the current situation would have been even worse.

If someone takes the lead, there is no need to worry that no one will respond. Nowadays, everyone is short of money. If you can save a sum of money, even if you can only borrow it temporarily and have to pay it back in the future, it can solve the urgent need.

In order to reduce fiscal expenditures, governments around the world have focused on their monthly debt repayments, declaring bankruptcy one after another like a market.

Not only the British bankers were cheated, but all the bankers who lent them money were also cheated.

Your government is bankrupt and if you want them to continue to pay their debts, let's talk about debt restructuring! For these "bankrupt governments", it doesn't matter whether the talks are successful or not.

If they can reach an agreement, it means that the debt payment can be saved, and at the worst, the payment can be postponed; if they cannot reach an agreement, they will continue to pretend to be dead. Anyway, the person who owes the money is not in a hurry. Even if there is collateral, there is no way to cash it out in this situation.

Those who are bankrupt are cheating, and those who are not bankrupt are no better. It's not that I don't want to go bankrupt, it's that I can't go bankrupt.

For example: Spain is currently at war with the Japanese. What if the government goes bankrupt? Wouldn't that severely damage our morale?

Another example: the Russian Empire. The tsarist government has gone bankrupt several times in recent years. It has been on the blacklist of capital for a long time. Now the biggest creditor is HRE. The loan was not a usurious loan, and considering the relationship between the two countries, even if it deliberately defaulted on the loan, the tsarist government would be embarrassed!

Everyone has learned to act like a rogue, without any sense of moral integrity. Franz can only lament the moral decay and the deterioration of the world. If this continues, there will be no more fun.

Didn't it just come out that the Vienna government wants to create three million jobs to help the younger brothers solve the domestic unemployment problem, and everyone has joined in.

The Holy Roman Empire is the boss of the European continent. As the leader of the European world, it is too ignorant to patronize its own younger brother.

If the European continent is in chaos, can you, the boss, bring peace of mind? Therefore, if you want to solve the problem, you cannot be limited to one place. If you want to help, you must help together. Only when everyone is good is it really good.

From the European Economic Summit held in Vienna, we know that Franz has been convinced by everyone. Who made him rich in internationalism?

"Have you calculated how much investment is needed?"

Franz asked.

International spirit also needs money to support it. Now is the age of the gold standard, and no one dares to think about the "good old days when money wasted".

Even though HRE is the world's largest gold producer and has the world's largest economy, Franz does not dare to print money arbitrarily.

Prime Minister Karl shook his head: "There are serious discrepancies between the information provided by various governments and the information collected by the intelligence agencies. It is not yet certain whether the information collected by the intelligence agencies is one-sided or whether the bureaucrats of various countries are concealing the crisis.

In addition, there are still many uncertainties Factors, such as: when will the Japanese-Spanish War end, whether the revolutionary wave will rise again, etc. These uncertain events may increase the cost of bailout.

According to the most optimistic estimate, at least 800 million funds must be raised to be able to To survive this economic crisis. If it gets worse, it may cost 1.2 billion.

Our ring railway plan and supporting facilities construction alone will cost 270 million EEG. Including other small projects, the country will need about 400 million. Aegis stimulates the economy.

Although the noble lords are paying for the three million jobs plan that has been established, the government still has to invest 120 million Aegis, which is mainly used for policy subsidies, personnel training and management, travel expenses and other expenditures.

Financial loans..."

After hearing the Prime Minister's answer, Franz frowned even more. It is impossible to be appreciative. Franz knows best what kind of creature a bureaucrat is. It is just a basic operation to deceive the superiors and conceal the subordinates.

If the officials are clean and honest, even if they conceal something, it will be within the controllable range; if there is serious corruption and official corruption, it will be a disaster. Not only can they conceal the crisis, but they can also artificially create a bigger crisis, commonly known as "Officials force the people to rebel." Most of the uprisings are due to these guys.

It is a pity that there is such a corrupt empire in the Continental Union. Liangya was the first to bear the brunt, plundering a large amount of wealth from the colonies every year. As a result, the domestic economy was still in a mess. At a glance, you can tell that it is a scene from the last years of the dynasty.

As for the Russian Empire, it has not reached that point yet. After the reforms of Alexander II, the Russian Empire in the era of Alexander III was still getting along.

In Franz's view, the biggest uncertainty was not the war between Japan and Spain, which was thousands of miles away, but the revolution in Liangya, which could break out at any time, and France, the defeated country that was struggling.

They are all existences that explode at will, and the color of Western Europe can change if you are not careful. So even though France did not participate in the economic summit, the Vienna government still reserved 100 million in bailout funds for them.

Looking at each country individually, the funding gap is not large, but there are so many members of the Continental Union, and together they amount to an astronomical sum.

The purchasing power of Aegis these days is huge. "1.2 billion Aegis" is equivalent to the combined fiscal revenue of European countries in the two years during their peak period.

Such a huge sum of money puts pressure on anyone. There is no way, who made a war just break out on the European continent?

Even though two years have passed, the major participating countries have still not emerged from the shadow of the war. Even the Vienna government cannot balance its budget now.

In a sense, this European Economic Summit was forced out by "money". Now that the capital market has deteriorated, governments around the world are facing financing difficulties and have to turn to the Vienna government for help.

It is somewhat similar to the original time and space. During the economic crisis, it was difficult for everyone to raise funds, but the US government's treasury bonds were still easy to sell. Even with Lao Te's nervous Yin Yin Yin, the U.S. dollar is still strong in the capital market.

The current situation is similar. HRE can almost play the role of the Americans. Although it is not the only world hegemon, "Aegis" has become the main settlement currency of European countries alongside "gold".

In this context, the Vienna government, which has strong financial resources and a large amount of collateral, naturally has a bad reputation in the capital market.

For example: In the Russian capital market, treasury bonds issued by the Vienna government sold better than treasury bonds issued by the tsarist government. Even though the interest rate on the HRE national debt was one-third lower than that of the Tsarist government, it still could not stop the enthusiasm of the Russian people.

If Britain, a maritime overlord, hadn't been eyeing him, Franz would have been able to live a wonderful life of "all in one". Times are different, and it is impossible to print like Lao Te, but printing an extra one or two hundred million is not too much, right?

In fact, Aegis has already started to over-issue. It's just that we don't dare to print hundreds of millions more at once, but we still need to print 1,000 to 8 million more every year.

This small amount of water will dry up as soon as it is spread out in the sun. It is difficult for professionals to find out that putting it on the capital market will naturally not cause waves.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1010 Seal Seal

"Money, money, money" has become the curse of European governments. "Twelve billion" is not "twelve yuan" because the previous war emptied the national treasury, and even the Vienna government could not raise so much funds for a while.

There is no way, assets and cash are two different concepts. It is simply a myth to withdraw 1.2 billion Aegis without affecting the normal operation of the economy.

Whether borrowing from banks or issuing bonds, liquidity in the market is reduced. Once the market's tolerance limit is exceeded, it will affect the normal operation of the economy and intensify the economic crisis.

One of the essences of the economic crisis is the uneven distribution of social wealth, which is excessively concentrated in the hands of a few people. Ordinary people have more money in their pockets than their faces and lose their purchasing power. Naturally, problems will arise in the economic cycle.

The most ideal situation is to let rich people spend their money and activate the economic market. As long as money flows, there will be no economic crisis.

Obviously, this is impossible. Even after a hundred years, there is no way to solve the problem. Franz does not think he can solve it.

In a sense, supporting nobles in building overseas fiefdoms is the biggest policy stimulus. The only regrettable thing is that the time for the emerging military aristocrats to make their fortunes is too short, and most of them are not that wealthy.

In addition to the aristocratic group, another person with huge wealth is the big capitalist. It is even harder for these people to dig into their pockets. They are all eager to buy the bottom after the crisis.

Unless they use force, these guys who want to maximize their profits will not obediently pay.

There is nothing to blame. It is the nature of human nature to tend to advantages and disadvantages. Those who are truly selfless are saints.

No one is nobler than anyone else. Most people will make the same choice, including Franz. If you can't do something yourself, you won't expect others to do it.

"How to solve the problem of funds?"

Franz doesn't care about the specific rescue plan. A plan that can be accepted by governments must weigh the results of the final game between the interests of all parties. As for whether it is the best solution, you can only ask God.

In contrast, the funding gap is the key problem. Franz knew very well the financial resources of Shinra. The fact that half of the funds were able to be solved was the result of everyone's cooperation.

For the remaining gaps, we can only find solutions in the financial markets of European countries. If it was indeed not difficult a year ago, it is a pity that now is a period of economic crisis, which happens to be the time when the market is most short of money.

Taking Franz himself as an example, without counting land resources and other real estate assets, his net worth at his peak was as high as 14.6 billion, which was enough to rival the country. After the economic crisis broke out, it shrank by 54% .

There is no way, the stock market is such a magical place. Even this is the result of early withdrawal due to insider information. If you are slower, you can refer to the technology concept stock market.

After all, they were tears, foam created by Franz's hands, and the bitter fruit could only be eaten by himself...no, it was leeks that he had to swallow.

This is the price of technological progress. If it weren't for a bunch of listed companies that kept raising money and burning money, Shinra's technology wouldn't have been able to reach the forefront in the second industrial revolution.

On average, the Shinra Empire has invested up to 80 million Aegis in scientific and technological research and development each year in the past thirty years; if the time is zoomed out to the past five years, this number has reached an astonishing 210 million Aegis.

Except for financing from the capital market, which is shared by all investors, no institution or individual can support this expense.

Investment and return are directly proportional. More than 2 billion funds have been invested, and airplanes, tanks, and battleships have come out. There are countless civilian facilities. Humanity has also entered the era of electricity and internal combustion engines ahead of schedule.

The tragedy is that like many investors, Franz became poor. Among the thousands of technology companies in hand, less than fifty are profitable. Except for the more than two hundred that have entered bankruptcy and reorganization, the rest are continuing to burn money.

Although the operating costs of the company have been reduced and the progress of cash burning has been slowed down, in summary, there are still losses of tens of millions of shields per month.

When the market environment is good, there is plenty of capital willing to burn money. Now that the market situation has deteriorated, Franz can only take charge of the "Leek Cutting" company that was originally raised by everyone.

If the company goes bankrupt, it will be difficult to rebuild its brand in the future. After all, no matter how nice the story is, it is still a project that has failed before, and investors will definitely not be so happy to pay for it.

It will be different if you persist. As long as you survive this wave, there will be plenty of capital to enter the market later. If there is a breakthrough in the intermediate technology, it will be even more profitable.

There are so many bottles of oil, even if there is still money in his pocket, Franz must keep it first. After all, these are high-quality projects in my hands. Although they may be a little ahead of their time, they are also the future of the world.

Franz had a hard time, let alone everyone else. Everyone who is engaged in the real economy and wants to make a career is now storing food for the winter, and no one dares to use the precious funds in their hands without authorization.

Those who really have large amounts of idle funds are those who play finance. Sometimes Franz even wanted to take the money out of the pot and nationalize the banks directly, so as to get rid of these guys.

Of course, this is just a thought. If the power of Shinra's financial capital catches up with Britain, then Franz may really be tempted to tip the table.

The problem is that Shinra's financial capital strength was already limited, and it jumped into the technology pit dug by Franz. When the stock market crash broke out, it was almost buried.

Of course, this is the end of such good things. learn from mistakes. When the next wave of market conditions begins, it is estimated that the main players in technology will be replaced by retail investors. After all, this success rate is really impressive.

Everyone has no money, so where does the money go?

The answer is simple: burned by the war. The war consumed a large amount of social wealth and disrupted the normal economic cycle. In order to curb inflation and stabilize the currency value, the Vienna government had to reduce the amount of Aegis invested.

The post-war market prosperity was supported more by virtual credit than by real currency in circulation.

This is also the main reason why Franz wants to fight for currency hegemony. Only by making Aegis an international settlement currency can he avoid the embarrassment of a war that will wipe out his family's wealth.

Prime Minister Karl: "Your Majesty, the current financial market is not suitable for financing. The only way to solve the financial dilemma is to increase leverage and issue more currency.

Our reserves are relatively abundant, and Aegis's leverage ratio has always been low. Finance The ministry has calculated that as long as the leverage ratio of SHIELD is raised to the pound level, an additional 830 million currency can be issued.

If there is joint endorsement from European countries, the market can accommodate even a one-time additional issuance of 1.2 billion."

As a rising star, If Aegis wants to defeat the pound and become an international currency, it must have its own advantages.

Before the end of the European War, HRE was not unified, and it was far away from the world hegemon. Its international status was far behind that of Britain. Aegis could only rely on "low leverage ratio" and "stability" to gain market recognition.

It just so happens that HRE is the largest producer of gold in the world. Its output is more than the following two, three, four, five, six and seven eight combined, providing sufficient margin for the government's currency issuance.

Knowing what he knew, Franz was stunned by the government's solution. When you are short of money, you just "print money." It seems that there is nothing wrong with it, but in fact the problem is huge.

Now it may be the 19th century, but the painting style has suddenly changed to the 21st century, and it feels abnormal no matter how you look at it. But for now, it seems that "printing tickets" is really a good way to solve the crisis.

If you print more money, navigation expansion is bound to happen. But it is different when all European countries endorse it. This is equivalent to the entire Europe helping to digest inflation.

Printing an extra 1.2 billion at one time would amount to less than one month's salary per capita in Europe. With this little money circulating in the market, even if inflation occurs, it won't be too big.

As long as the Vienna government's gold reserves are sufficient and the Aegis exchange ratio remains unchanged, internal inflation will be digested over time.

The most critical thing is that while solving the funding problem, it also promotes the pace of Aegis becoming a world currency. Once the crisis passes, the market's confidence in Aegis will reach a new height.

The more Franz thought about it, the more he felt it was feasible. There is a saying that goes well: "As long as I print money fast enough, the debt can't catch up with me."

After hesitating for a while, Franz asked: "How can we get all countries to recognize it? What if they make the same request?"

It's not that Franz is careless. Shinra can solve the financial problem by printing bills, and the same can be done by European countries. Print more money to ease the financial crisis.

The governments of various countries are not fools. The Vienna government can ask them to endorse the currency value of the Aegis, and then the governments of various countries will in turn ask the Vienna government to endorse their currencies.

Everyone "printed, printed, printed" together. Franz could hardly imagine that scene. If Pandora's box is really opened, the gold standard will be put on hold. Gold production cannot keep up with the speed of money printing.

Perhaps the French want this to happen the most. Only if everyone signs up can their debts be paid off. It is best to be like France before, with billionaires per capita, so that the compensation can be paid off in minutes.

Prime Minister Karl replied confidently: "We can use interest-free loans and material assistance in exchange for recognition from various governments.

Now they have no choice. Although printing currency is simple, not everyone is qualified to do it. All European countries have They have their own shortcomings, and it is simply impossible to issue more currency at this time. Needless to say, the ten countries that have gone bankrupt are printing currency because they feel they are not dying fast enough; Montenegro and Armenia do not have the ability to print money, and their currency is entrusted to us The printing plants of the Netherlands, the Nordic Federation, and Spain have limited economies, and printing more currency will immediately trigger sharp inflation; the Russian Empire's economy is large enough, but in terms of the credibility of the tsarist government, once more currency is printed, the ruble will be The second franc.

The ability to resist risks of various countries is extremely limited. Not only can they not bear it domestically, but they will not be recognized internationally. Printing more currency will inevitably trigger a run. Unless they can give up the gold standard, they will not be able to survive at all.

Here Under this background, the only way they want to solve their financial difficulties is to borrow money from abroad. Now the only people who can solve their financial problems for them are us and the British.

If someone betrays the European continent at this time and turns to the British, our The sword is not a vegetarian, it just kills the chicken to scare the monkeys."

Sure enough, there is nothing new under the sun. After the First World War in the original time and space, countries abandoned the gold standard, which is very similar to the current situation.

"Abandoning the gold standard" seems impossible now, but once you are forced to do so, you don't want to give up.

You can tell the autumn by looking at the leaves. Without the alternative plan of Shinra, it is estimated that the final result of this economic crisis will end with countries being forced to abandon the gold standard.

To be precise, some countries have already abandoned the direct gold standard. The history is surprisingly similar. The leading brother is France.

The French government had no choice. After the European War, all the domestic gold was looted. How can we implement the gold standard when the reserve gold for issuing currency is gone?

When international loans are lent out, they are all paper money, but gold is not lent out. Despite the French government's best efforts, it still failed to raise enough reserves.

In the end, King Carlos, who was forced to panic, made a sudden change and directly borrowed a sum of Aegis to act as a reserve fund, thus starting the indirect gold standard system.

The indirect gold standard can also be regarded as a gold standard, which is better than directly going to the credit standard. If we really play with credit currency, it is estimated that the French people will continue to follow the old path of everyone being a "billionaire".

Many things are easier to handle as long as someone takes the lead, and the same goes for the currency standard system. France was just the beginning, and several Italian states, as newly independent countries, also embarked on the path of the "indirect gold standard".

The only regret is that Belgium still continues the gold standard system.

There was no way around it. Although Belgium suffered heavy losses in the European War, the Belgian army's desperate resistance still bought time for the government to evacuate, and the gold reserves snatched out were brought to the HRE by Leopold II.

As a moral and cultivated monarch, Franz naturally cannot take advantage of others. Belgium, which has sufficient reserves, will naturally continue to implement a more independent gold standard system.

Although regretful, Franz has no regrets. The replacement of gold by Aegis will not happen overnight. If you take too big a step, your balls will be damaged.

At least we have to go through it a little bit first and give everyone time to accept it. For example: First implement the "Gold-Aegis" parallel standard system.

It is not difficult to achieve this. As long as the Shinra reduces gold exports, with the development of the economy, countries will sooner or later have headaches due to insufficient gold reserves. When the time comes, it will be a logical thing to promote the parallel standard system.

As time goes by, and everyone gets used to Aegis being the standard gold, it will be time for Aegis to replace gold and establish monetary hegemony.

Plans are plans, and no one can guarantee success until they are completed. There are many similar plans, or alternative plans, but this is just one that seems relatively easy.

We have to admit that the end of the European War brought huge changes to the Vienna government. In the past, when encountering this kind of thing, Prime Minister Karl would only put on some shoes afterwards.

Things are obviously different now. First, they labeled the continental traitors as traitors, and then they killed the chickens to scare the monkeys, which is the proper style of a hegemon.

In fact, this was normal practice in the 19th century. The alliance has been concluded. To move closer to the British at this time is betrayal. The traitor must die without negotiation.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1011 A seemingly fatal misunderstanding

. Facts have proved that efficiency is forced. Ordinary international conferences often fail to reach a consensus within ten days and a half.

The European Economic Summit is different. Seeing the continuous wave of revolution, governments of all countries are panicking. If this continues, no one knows how bad the situation will get.

The horrific mark left in 1848 still echoes in the hearts of rulers. Although the revolution was eventually extinguished, the impact was far-reaching.

In a sense, the current situation in Europe was created by the 1848 Revolution.

If the revolutionary wave had not taken away the Orleans dynasty, Bonaparte's French Empire would not have existed; if the Great Revolution had not provided an opportunity for reform, the Habsburg dynasty would not have revived so quickly; if the Great Revolution had not stimulated the rise of nationalism, God's Luo Luo will not be reunified so easily...

After a series of coincidences, it has become inevitable that the international situation has developed to the current stage.

Revolution means a reshuffling of the distribution of interests, and those with vested interests are naturally unwilling to start over. Whether reshuffling the cards will be good or bad for the country, no one will know until the reshuffle is completed; but for the ruling class , it will definitely be a disaster.

In order to prevent the situation from deteriorating further, representatives from all countries attended the meeting with full sincerity. In just three days, various countries reached an agreement on the issue of joint "rescue".

On September 1, 1894, the Economic Commission of the Continental Union issued a rescue announcement, in which the eighteen countries of the Continental Union jointly invested 1.2 billion Aegis to revitalize the European economy.

According to the plan, the funds required for the economic revitalization plan will be "jointly financed" and each country will share the funds based on their actual conditions. In other words: in which country the money is spent, the government of that country is responsible for paying.

It fully reflects the principle of fairness and takes into account the interests of all parties. No one can take advantage and no one suffers.

As for the source of required funds, of course it comes from "printing" money. Franz was still very careful about his appearance, and this time he didn't try to trick anyone. Although the Aegis was issued by the Vienna government, the benefits brought by the additional currency issuance were shared with other countries.

Whether it is interest-free loans or material assistance, they are all forms of compensation in disguise. The larger the economic size, the more you get, and the smaller the size of the economy, the smaller the compensation will naturally be. What matches this is that everyone must bear the risks together.

At the same time that the European economic revitalization plan was passed, various countries also linked their currencies to the Aegis. Franz's "European Economic Integration" strategy finally took the first difficult step.

The impact of the "bailout plan" on politics cannot be seen for a while, but the impact of the economic crisis will begin to ferment immediately. Without any surprise, the capital market was the first to be affected.

The stock market has begun to slowly climb, and capital has quietly entered the market to start hunting for the bottom. The stagnant market finally began to splash with waves.

While the market is recovering, governments around the world have also taken measures one after another. For the first time in human history, large-scale government intervention in the economy has begun.

At this time, no one would accuse the government of not interfering in the economy. All walks of life are having a hard time, and loudmouths are also facing an unemployment crisis. People are busy making a living and have no time to listen to their nonsense.

Regardless of whether it is right for the government to interfere in the market, at least jobs will be created. Although the job is not so satisfying, having a job to support the family is more important than anything else at this time.

The one that attracts the most attention is the three-year trip to Africa. The requirements are low and the salary is high. As long as you are strong, you can do it. It is difficult to avoid attention.

Of course, this "high salary" is also relative. Before the economic crisis, such treatment would have been considered ordinary in most countries, but now it is a period of economic crisis, and being able to get a 30% off salary is a corporate conscience.

In this context, being able to get a salary with ordinary treatment in normal times is definitely an enviable job, especially since the requirements of this job are very low.

The only regrettable thing is that the place of work is in Africa, and I don't know exactly where I will be. It all depends on God's blessing as to where I will be assigned.

This little predicament did not affect everyone's enthusiasm at all. After all, people always have to eat. Although the government is also distributing relief food, the black stick is obviously more suitable as a weapon than as food.

If they weren't so hungry, no one would receive the awful relief food. From this point of view, the bureaucrats are not useless, at least they ensure that the food can actually get into the hands of those who need it.

The European world is busy bailing out the market, and the war in the Philippines has reached a turning point. Originally, Japan and Spain were fighting for resilience, betting that the other side would not be able to hold on first.

The situation is different now. With the announcement of a joint bailout by 18 European countries, it is obviously unrealistic to expect Spain's domestic economy to collapse.

From their own standpoint, European countries will not let the situation in Spain get out of control now. After all, revolution is contagious. It took a lot of effort to calm down the revolutionary wave. If Spain collapses, all the efforts will be in vain.

In order to prevent the situation from deteriorating again, not only cannot Spain collapse, but even the Philippine War Continental Alliance must intervene.

Otherwise, Spain's defeat would stimulate domestic nationalists and trigger a chain reaction that would cause the situation to get out of control. Who will be responsible?

As for the interests of the Japanese, is this important? A small country in the Far East that most people don't know about, they just have to follow the arrangements; if they don't understand current affairs, the iron fist of imperialism will make them understand what social cruelty is.

Thanks to the Spanish government's public relations efforts, on September 9, 1894, the Continental Alliance made a resolution to intervene in the Philippine War.

Frankly speaking, such a decision made at the economic summit is obviously inappropriate and uncoordinated.

There is no way, who told all European countries not to take it seriously?

An international conference dedicated to this?

Sorry, everyone is very busy now and don't have time to care about the feelings of the Japanese. Coupled with Spain's public relations influence, we might as well cut the mess quickly.

Who makes the Japanese unlucky and offend so many people?

Just a few years ago, while traveling around the world, Nicholas was assassinated by a Japanese entourage in Tokyo. Although he saved his life, those two stabs still left a shadow on the young crown prince.

If it was just this, that would be it, but the Japanese government was perfunctory and only sentenced the assassin to life imprisonment after catching it. What is even more embarrassing is that the assassin with the title of "patriot" was apparently imprisoned but was not actually sanctioned.

Affected by this, Japan-Russia relations dropped directly to freezing point. Not only did Crown Prince Nicholas want revenge, but Alexander III, who was the most well-educated, also repeatedly clamored to give the Japanese "hundred million" something to look at.

If Russia's finances hadn't allowed it, and Japan itself didn't have much oil and water, the tsarist government would have sent troops to help the Spaniards.

Although no troops were sent, the Tsarist government still provided convenience and allowed the Spanish government to recruit mercenaries from the Russian Empire to join the war.

Perhaps out of vigilance against the Russians, or perhaps for the interests of the Bourbon dynasty, the Spanish government finally chose French mercenaries.

The Dutch are also unhappy with the Japanese. As a small country, the Netherlands is able to occupy the richest island of Java in Southeast Asia because of its political skills.

The Japanese who didn't understand the rules suddenly broke in, shattering the political rules that European countries followed, and Dutch Southeast Asia suddenly became in danger.

With no one to take the lead, and shocked by the British stance, the Dutch government could only make some small moves secretly. Now that someone is taking the lead, they must vote for it.

In addition to Shinra, who had already taken sides, and Spain, which was fighting a bloody battle with the Japanese, almost all the important countries in the European Alliance were involved.

Anyway, to intervene in the Philippine war, these few companies are enough. The remaining countries want to do their best, but they are not able to do so. All they need to do is follow the banner and apply political pressure. Naturally, there is no reason to refuse.

Against this background, a harshly worded diplomatic note was delivered to the Japanese Minister in Vienna, Hidehisa Yamamoto, in the name of the Continental Alliance.

...

"This is impossible!"

"You can't do this, it's unfair to the Japanese Empire!"

...

Although he received a lot of glares in Europe, this was the first time Yamamoto Hidehisa encountered such bullying.

There was no way around it. The staff of the European Union were all posted by various countries. After the Union made its decision, a Spanish staff member took the initiative to take over the task of drafting the note document.

The basic meaning has indeed remained the same, but the tone and wording have changed slightly, completely rubbing the Japanese's faces to the ground.

For the sake of "SHIELD", the official responsible for the review did not mean to make things difficult at all, and simply ignored this little difference. The "little difference" in the eyes of bystanders fell into the eyes of Yamamoto Hidehisa, and that was killing people. Okay.

You can just ignore the above nonsense. You can also ignore the big hat that accuses the illegal Japanese government of invading and destroying world peace. After all, Yamamoto Hidehisa has been scolded by newspapers a lot. He is used to hearing it.

The most unacceptable thing Yes: The Continental Alliance ordered the Japanese troops to withdraw from the Philippine Islands within the year and hand over war criminals for trial by the international tribunal established by the Continental Alliance.

Otherwise, the Alliance will send troops to intervene in the Philippine war and reserve the right to further hold the Japanese government accountable.

So overbearing Explicit mediation notes are rare in the history of the world. Obviously, they do not appear in normal diplomatic activities.

But for the Spanish government, which is forced to panic, this is not a problem. If it can anger the Japanese government, the situation will Expanding, it is estimated that the Madrid government's celebration banquet can last for a month.

Perhaps it was Minister Hidehisa Yamamoto's expression that was too exaggerated, or perhaps it was the efforts of the Spaniards that worked. Dalton, who was responsible for submitting the note, interrupted: "Minister Sir, calm down.

This is a joint resolution of the 18 countries of the European Continental Alliance. You'd better spread it back to your country as soon as possible. If your country has any questions, you can raise them at subsequent mediation meetings.

However, before the mediation meeting is officially held, your country is requested to implement the contents of the note. Starting next month, the Alliance will formally impose economic sanctions on your country.

All spheres of influence controlled by the alliance will temporarily suspend all trade with your country, and the sea areas of various countries are also restricted areas for your country's ships. "

If there are officials attending the meeting here, they will immediately ask: Did the alliance meeting talk about economic sanctions?

It seems that there was, but that was based on the Japanese government's rejection. Now this kind of disregard will impose sanctions as soon as it comes up. The approach is obviously the result of adding fuel and jealousy.

Unfortunately, none of this is something Hidehisa Yamamoto can know. Even if he knew it, it would be useless. The Spaniards have already done a good job in public relations and the league will not accept their complaints. At the moment, he can only keep the contents of the note intact. If the note is sent back automatically, the rest depends on domestic choices.

...

The question is, does the Japanese government have a choice?

Regardless of whether there are modifications to the content of the note, once it is submitted, it represents the position of the European Union.

Who It's all about saving face, and as the largest organization in the world, the European Union is no exception. Taking back a note sent out is a slap in the face, and the Japanese obviously don't have the capacity. What's more,

the Spanish's approach seems to have been tampered with Knowing the contents of the note, in fact, it would not have been successful without the acquiescence of some people.

...

The Japanese government has not received the news, but the British have received the intelligence first. The London government was directly stunned, Robert Sisi I never dreamed that someone would be so unscrupulous.

The European economic recovery plan was already exciting enough, but I didn't expect that there would be an even more exciting "intervention plan" later.

On the surface, this is just a simple international cooperation by European countries to save their domestic economies, and the Japanese just suffered an unreasonable disaster.

However, politics can never be taken at face value. Today the Continental Alliance can intervene in the Philippine War for the benefit of Spain; then tomorrow the Continental Alliance can intervene in overseas affairs again for the benefit of country xxx.

If we come here a few more times, European countries will discover the benefits of the alliance. With the help of the Continental Alliance's tiger skin, even a small country can have the status of a great power overseas.

If things go on like this, driven by interests, this loose international organization will turn into a real alliance.

When the time comes, not to mention small countries like Japan, even Britain, as the world's hegemon, will have to step aside when encountering the alliance of the European world.

Prime Minister Robert Cecil, who thought he had insight into the Vienna conspiracy, immediately broke into a cold sweat.

You must know that Britain's most enduring national policy is the continental balance strategy. Although it failed after the end of the European War, everyone in the London government believed that this was only temporary.

At that time, Napoleon once swept through Europe and suppressed all kinds of dissatisfaction, but the aftermath was not cool.

Including Robert Cecil himself, many people in the British government were waiting for Shinra to make a mistake, and were always ready to stab him again at a critical moment.

Unexpectedly, the plan did not change quickly. Before Shinra's anger could come, a freak called the Continental Alliance appeared first.

I originally thought that there were many conflicts among European countries, and that this loose alliance would sooner or later fall apart due to differences in interests. As the boss, Shinra was unable to reconcile the conflicts between all parties, and ended up becoming a different person both inside and outside.

Unfortunately, an economic crisis of unprecedented scale shattered all these illusions. In order to save themselves, European countries have to temporarily give up their conflicts and unite to tide over the crisis.

As a person who always puts interests first, Robert Cecil knows very well that as long as the interests are big enough, there is no contradiction that cannot be reconciled.

Once countries realize the benefits of union, it will be difficult to dismantle the European Union. How can Britain survive with such freaks?

Robert Cecil slammed the table and said fiercely: "The Continental Alliance must be disintegrated! From now on, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has only one focus - to provoke conflicts among European countries and disintegrate the Continental Alliance.

I No matter what method you use, or where you start from. In short, a freak like the Continental Alliance must not exist in this world." "

Disintegrate the Continental Alliance at all costs." This was in Robert Cecil's mind at this moment the only thought in. As for Japan as a party involved, it is no longer within his scope of consideration.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1012:Attacking the South and the North-69 Book Bar The British government is panicking, and the protagonist, the Japanese government, is even more panicked. Unlike in the past, now it is truly a life and death moment.

No one expected that European countries would be so unruly and would go so far as to end up being punished personally.

An understatement of "economic sanctions" can kill half the Japanese empire.

If the contents of the note are followed and the spheres of influence of the eighteen countries of the Continental Alliance are their restricted areas, then the Japanese government does not need to develop international trade and might as well just close the country.

If you look at the world map, you will know that the Continental Alliance's sphere of influence covers most of the earth. Given the domineering style of the great powers in this era, cross-border law enforcement is also common.

In this context, Japanese merchant ships went to sea and never returned.

At the same time, it has lost its international market and maritime transportation capabilities, and Japan has been reduced to meat on the chopping board and can only be slaughtered by others.

This is still a civilized approach. If it goes too far, the European Continental Alliance will directly send troops to destroy the Japanese navy, and another "black ship incident" is not impossible.

The consequences of refusal are serious, and the consequences of compromise are equally serious. The war has progressed to this point, and the Japanese government has tried its best. At this time, all efforts to compromise have been wasted.

Whether it was the heavy casualties or the huge military expenditures, the Japanese government was pushed into a corner.

Taking a step back is no longer a vast sea and sky, but an abyss. For this war, the Japanese people had been starving for a long time, and suddenly received the bad news of failure. "Heaven punished the national traitors" was a must.

The imperial meeting has begun, but this time no one spoke first. There was no way, it happened so suddenly, and there was no time left for everyone to prepare.

Forced by the emperor's almost murderous gaze, Ito Hirobumi bit the bullet and said: "Everyone must be prepared for this scene.

Since the launch of the Philippine War, we have discussed the issue of intervention by great powers, but we did not expect that this day would come like this. So fast, I didn't even expect that European countries could actually unite to act.

You can't hide. Now that the worst situation has appeared, we are ready to deal with the consequences.

You don't have to worry too much. An economic crisis is currently breaking out in Europe. Countries will not easily provoke a war, especially a war where there is no reward."

Ito Hirobumi really couldn't make up the words to comfort people. The expected international intervention in advance was that Spain invited several countries with good relations to intervene. Unexpectedly, it actually organized a joint intervention by eighteen countries.

How can this be fun?

Taking the script of "Eighteen Route Princes Challenge Dong", the problem is that they are not Dong Zhuo, and they do not have a world-famous "Xiliang Iron Cavalry".

There is no need for the eighteen countries to organize a coalition force from within the country. With their military power in Nanyang, they can reach Tokyo in less than a month.

"Resistance" is a false proposition. Spain alone is evenly matched with the fleet going south. If the fleets of the Netherlands and Shinra are added to it, the fleet going south will definitely fall to its knees.

The navy is finished, and it is only a matter of time before the main force of the army, which is still fighting hard in the Philippine Islands, is destroyed.

With both the army and navy gone, what can we use to resist?

"One hundred million pieces of jade" was a crazy plan only developed during World War II. In Japan today, there are only over 40 million people in the country, and the government is in the "Meiji Era" which is famous for its " rationality".

Originally, Ito Hirobumi wanted to mention the British allies, but seeing the disdainful expressions on everyone's faces, he finally chose to swallow his words.

Those who can enter here are all sensible people. Everyone knows what the "Anglo-Japanese Alliance" is all about.

It doesn't matter if you pull tiger skins in normal times, but at this critical moment, if you expect the British to help, you might as well worship Amaterasu and ask the gods to help eliminate the enemy.

Kuroda Kiyotaka: "It is precisely because of the economic crisis in Europe that we are in more danger. European powers have always liked to launch wars abroad to divert domestic economic crises.

Especially in recent decades, after almost every economic crisis breaks out, European countries have The climax of external expansion. Including the Ottoman Empire, which once dominated the Mediterranean, all fell under the pace of expansion of the HRE's external transfer crisis.

With such lessons learned, we have to be on guard at the moment. In case the situation is out of control due to carelessness, we He becomes a sinner of the empire."

As a rare rationalist in the Japanese government, Kuroda Kiyotaka has always opposed military adventures. I deeply hate the practice of betting on the fate of the country.

It's just that the arms can't hold the thighs, and they can't stop the Chinese people's desire to expand. Now that the southward strategy has been frustrated, Kuroda Kiyotaka thinks it is a good time to put on the brakes.

In any case, it would not be a shame to give in under pressure from the Continental Alliance. Another country wouldn't do much better than they did.

"No!"

"We can't give in now. The people's morale has been aroused. At this time, we have to compromise with the European Union. There is no way to explain to the people." It's not that there are friends in the mountain county, but the Japanese government has been forced to do so. We've reached an embarrassing situation. Neither the military nor the people can tolerate failure.

If we really choose to compromise, a revolution may break out in the country. Regardless of the raging economic crisis in continental Europe, the situation in Japan is actually more serious than in other European countries.

Unlike other European countries, no matter how severe the economic crisis is, the government will still find ways to distribute relief grains, no matter how poor it is. Although it is not good to eat, it can save your life.

The Japanese government can't help it. All the money has been spent on the war, and its pockets have long been empty. They also had no money. European countries could borrow food from Shinra, but the Japanese government had no place to borrow money.

In order to stabilize the situation, the Japanese government has suppressed many riots. Today's Japan is a powder keg, all supported by a breath of spiritual energy. If the energy dissipates, people will die.

If the civilian population is a powder keg, the military is a dynamite bag. With the outbreak of the war, radical factions in the army have begun to emerge and have great influence among middle- and lower-level officers and soldiers.

Once these people get into trouble, their destructive power is much greater than when ordinary people rebel. As a general who has just returned from the front line, Yamagata Aritomo knows very well how fragile the current military is.

Looking at Hirobumi Ito, he slowly said with some understanding of Saionji Konomo: "The key to the issue now is not whether we should give in, but whether we can withstand the pressure of the European Union. It is not only political and economic There is pressure on the country, as well as military pressure. If the European Continental Alliance carries out armed intervention, will the military have the ability to defend the enemy from the country?

It is related to the life and death of the empire, and I hope you can answer rationally. Your judgment will directly It will affect whether the Empire of Japan can continue.

Please!"

As he said this, Saionji Konobo also bowed to the military representatives.

At this moment, the atmosphere in the room suddenly became tense. As representatives of the military, Xixiang Congdao, Dashanyan, Shanxian Youto and others felt the pressure instantly.

Now is not the time for political struggle. If you make one wrong move, not only will you be ruined, but the Japanese Empire may also be buried with you.

"The strength gap between the two sides is too big. Not to mention the joint intervention of the Continental Alliance, even if the Dutch Nanyang Fleet and the Spanish Navy join forces, the Imperial Navy cannot defend the enemy from outside the country."

After saying this, Saigo Congdao seemed to be He breathed a sigh of relief and felt relaxed all over. Although this answer hurts one's own morale, it is the most responsible answer to the Japanese Empire.

After the Philippine Campaign broke out, the Dutch government increased its troop deployment in the Southeast Asia region. Although there are not many additional warships, and there are no 10,000-ton pre-dreadnoughts, it is still enough to serve as the last straw that breaks the balance.

"Is your navy a waste? You spend so much military expenditure every year, and now you actually..."

Before Dashanyan could finish his words, Navy Chief of Staff Huayama Shiki directly responded: "Dashanjun needs to be responsible for what he says. The navy's annual How much is the military expenditure really?

Do you know that Spain, which is at war with us, has had an average naval expenditure twice that of ours in the past ten years? The empire's annual naval expenditure is at most the same as that of Portugal, not even the Dutch. .

As for the real naval powers, let alone Britain and the Holy Roman Empire, their annual naval budget can build two imperial navies. They can use limited funds to build a modern navy and compete with the Spanish Navy. If we are evenly matched, the navy will be worthy of the empire!"

The butt determines the head. Although Kashan Shiki originally came from the army, but after taking the position of chief of naval command, he must safeguard the interests of the navy. It even needs to be done more thoroughly to convince the people below.

While ignoring price levels and strategic needs, and simply looking at annual military expenditures, the Japanese Navy can be considered to have saved money.

If the above factors are taken into consideration, the Japanese Navy has nothing to do with "saving money". The high cost of outsourcing warships is inevitable. The key is that the Japanese Navy fully learns from the Royal Navy. In many places, it has reached the point of frenzy.

Not only the training of tactics and operational instructions were copied from the British, but also the decoration of warships and the meals for soldiers were copied from the Royal Navy. There are no domestic imports, and everything is in line with the Royal Navy anyway.

Whether there is waste or not, no one knows the answer. After all, this is how the navies of various European and American countries play. Eating steak and drinking red wine are standard fare, which is far beyond the bitterness of the army.

In an era of severe lack of confidence and the worst admiration for foreign countries, it is naturally blameless for the navy to fully imitate the British.

However, these reasons are enough to fool ordinary people, but they are not enough to fool the enemy's Army. Don't think that the top brass of the Army don't understand the Navy. In fact, the time they spend studying the Navy every day is not necessarily shorter than that of some top Navy brass.

Dashanyan sneered and said: "Stop talking about these useless things. The Imperial Navy can just sit in the port and train every day. Their navy has to travel all over the world.

Even the annual military expenses are earned by their navy from outside. If you have the ability to earn back your own military expenses, I have no objection no matter how much money you spend."

There is nothing wrong with it, the colonial empire's naval military expenses are indeed earned by yourself. Whether it is plundering wealth from colonies or maintaining overseas trade, these are closely related to the navy.

This is why countries with more colonies and wealthier countries have larger navies. Even if there is a loss on the surface, it is because the money was put into one's pocket. If it really kept losing money, given the shitty behavior of European governments these days, they would probably stop playing it.

Specifically, you can refer to Alaska. The Russians threw this money-losing hot potato to Austria. Before the gold was developed, there were endless calls to give up within the Vienna government.

It was only in recent years that the direction of the Vienna government changed. More and more people realize the value of territory, so they go to the other extreme - planting flags when they encounter unclaimed land.

Of course, this "extreme" has little impact. After all, they were just planting flags along the way, not actually sending people to occupy them. The Vienna government still has plenty of money for a few chess pieces.

Huashan Ziji rolled his eyes, his disdain palpable. If you haven't even managed to conquer Spain yet, and you still want to go out and grab colonies, that's definitely a sign of being out of your mind.

Seeing that the topic had strayed, Emperor Meiji glared at Oyama Iwa with dissatisfaction, and scolded sternly: "Now is not the time to listen to your quarrels. The empire is in danger, can't you just save some peace of mind?" There is no doubt that he is very interested in the army. Emperor Meiji was very dissatisfied with this change of topic.

If it doesn't work, it just won't work. Everyone knows this. Is it so difficult to admit that you are not strong enough?

The answer is: very, very difficult.

The Army, unlike the Navy, is not that rational. The navy can roughly know the strength gap between the two sides by looking at the warships. No matter how stubborn it is, facing a strength gap of more than ten times or even dozens of times, it is difficult to speak harshly!

The most important thing is that the European navy is close at hand. If we hold on, they will come directly. If you brag, you will be betrayed immediately, even if you want to admit it.

The army is different. A smart person can see at a glance that although the Continental Alliance is powerful, it is impossible to send hundreds of thousands of troops to attack Japan. It will lose money.

Since there is no need to fight with the European Union in real terms, there is no harm in bragging behind closed doors. Of course, even if the enemy is kept outside the country, this guarantee does not need to be fought well.

If the commander has a seizure and comes to attack Tokyo, it will be the end of the world. Just relying on the Army's achievements in the Philippine Islands does not provide enough confidence.

If you can't brag and are unwilling to admit that you are not strong enough and take responsibility, then you can only find a way to fool it. It is better than telling the truth and being called a "traitor" by the radicals later.

Everyone present knew that from the time the Continental Alliance's diplomatic note was issued, the Japanese government had no choice.

A hard fight is impossible. If the European Union is really angered, it is not impossible to turn Japan into a colony.

Although this will result in loss of money, if it is shared among eighteen countries, each family will not be able to lose much.

It is even possible that not only the eighteen countries, but also their good allies will follow suit to ensure that their status in the Far East is not shaken. Britain has done this kind of thing many times and doesn't care if it happens again.

Seeing that the main responsibility for being forced to make concessions was thrown to the navy, Dashanyan knew that he could no longer pretend to be confused. If they were not willing to bear any responsibility, they would become public enemies.

"Your Majesty, judging from the current situation, it is indeed not a wise move to confront the Continental Alliance. However, if we directly abandon the Philippine Islands, we have no way to explain to the people. If we want to be safe, the best way is to change to a soft persimmon. Domestically ,

we can use the excuse to attack the South and North as an excuse to appease the people at home; externally, we have betrayed the Continental Alliance, so they cannot continue to be aggressive. The Continental Alliance's intervention in the Philippines war is essentially due to the unstable situation on the European continent. We are worried that the domestic situation will get out of control after Spain's defeat.

There will be no such risks if we go north. Even if we are turned upside down, it will not have much impact on the situation in Europe.

At the cost of giving up the Philippine Islands, even if we cannot get support from other countries to go north, we can still get them in exchange for it. There is still no problem with neutrality."

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1013: New Gambling

The topic of traveling south and north appeared again in the imperial meeting. But what is different from the past is that now the southward strategy has gone bankrupt.

Since the plan to seize the Philippine Islands failed, there is no need to think about the subsequent Nanyang strategy. If the Continental Alliance can interfere the first time, it can interfere the second time. If you continue to head south without hesitation, it will be a sign that you are tired of living.

From an overall perspective, although Japan suffered heavy losses in the Philippine War, they were not completely without gains.

Among them, the biggest benefit is the acquisition of a modern fleet. In the past, they could not buy capital ships even if they had money, but they got them all during the war.

Judging from the total tonnage of warships alone, the Japanese Navy has become the fifth naval power in the world after Britain, Austria, Russia, and Spain.

If nothing unexpected happens, after the war in the Philippines, the warships purchased at the Japanese government auction return to the country, and their ranking will be able to further surpass Spain and Russia, becoming the third largest naval power in the world.

If nothing else, this was the crowning moment of the Japanese Empire. Unfortunately, behind this glamour, there is also an empty treasury.

Based on Japan's current situation, if it does not expand externally, it is simply impossible to maintain such a fleet. Even if all the government's fiscal revenue is invested, it will not be enough.

"Judging from the current situation, it is indeed easier to go north than to go south. The problem is that the empire's finances can no longer support a war. North Korea is not a concern, but we have to consider the reaction of xxx. Even if they have declined, It is still a behemoth to us.

Once the war breaks out, it is not up to us to end it unilaterally. If the war continues, the empire is likely to be dragged to death." It's not that Kiyotaka Kuroda is timid, it's true It's because the Japanese government's finances are too bad. Although the Philippine Islands are rich, they have not had time to manage them. The wealth they plundered alone is simply not enough to support the war.

There is no money in my pocket, so I am not brave enough to do anything. Although our neighbors are in decline, their families have strong financial resources, and with the current strength of the Japanese Empire, there is no guarantee of victory.

Aritomo Yamagata: "Kuroda-kun, now is the best opportunity to go north. Because of the Battle of the Philippines, our neighbors have relaxed their vigilance against us. They are imagining that both us and the Spaniards will lose.

But they have forgotten that we Although there were heavy losses in the war, the empire's military power has continued to grow, and the balance of strength between the two sides has changed.

The empire's financial limitations restrict the development of military power, and we cannot support such a large army in peacetime. We The national strength of the empire determines that the current military power of the empire is at its peak, at least in the next twenty years.

If we do not use the current advantages to defeat our neighbors and open up enough living space for the empire, we will have no chance in the future.

We have no choice. For the future of the Japanese Empire, we must do it no matter how big the risk is. What's more, the risk is not big now. Even if it fails, the big thing will be a repeat of the past in 1874. "

Ambition comes not only from strength, but also from the decay of the empire." face". Even if the invasion fails, you can get compensation, so what else is there to be afraid of?

Even if the war is lost, the worst thing is that if you stay low and perform a few more times, the matter will be over, and you may be able to take advantage of it.

No matter how powerful such a country is, it cannot be feared. It's more cost-effective to be enemies than to be friends.

In a sense, the ambitions of the Japanese government were indulged by the xxx empire. If the master had been changed, Japan would have been crippled in 1874, and there would be no follow-up...

In addition to being a soft persimmon, the more important thing is that there is no need to encounter the power of the great powers when going north, unlike the great powers in Nanyang. Be careful or you may step on a thunderstorm.

The main reason is that the Tsarist government has been very busy in the past thirty or forty years. It first captured Constantinople, then taught the restless Prussia a lesson, and is now busy heading south to India.

The government's strategic focus did not shift eastward, so the Russians' expansion in the Far East naturally slowed down, and their tentacles did not have time to penetrate deep into North Korea.

Having learned the lesson of the failure of going south, this is the time when the Japanese government is most afraid of foreign powers. Although they did not fall behind against Spain, they couldn't be proud if they didn't win.

Seeing no one answered, Emperor Meiji frowned and asked, "Does the Navy Ministry have a different opinion?"

"No!"

Navy Minister Saigo answered slowly.

According to Japanese military practice, the navy will object to any proposal made by the army, and vice versa. What's more, now that it's also involved in the battle for expansion routes, the competition should be even more intense.

However, Xixiang Congdao was in trouble. No matter how good the reasons were, the southward strategy failed. As the base camp of the Southward Movement and the leader of the invasion of the Philippines, the Navy Department was naturally to blame.

Even the Admiralty cannot bear such a huge responsibility. To avoid a future political reckoning, they have to make compromises now.

In fact, not only the Navy Ministry, but also the top leaders of the Japanese government are grasshoppers on a rope. It would be impossible to resist the Continental Alliance, and it would be impossible to explain to the country when making compromises.

If you want to land safely, you must find an excuse that can be accepted by the people. Although "making a sound in the south and attacking in the north" is a bit far-fetched, it is still better than nothing.

The current Japanese people have not reached their craziest stage yet. As long as they win in the end and have a decent trophy, they can settle the matter.

After a moment of silence, Emperor Meiji said indifferently: "If everyone has no objections, then prepare to negotiate with the Continental Alliance.

Prime Minister, if you are European and know the Continental Alliance best, you will be in charge of the negotiations. No. Just hope to keep the Philippine Islands and get compensation for the empire as much as possible! Regarding the issue of going north, the military will come up with a plan as soon as possible. We can no longer afford to lose, and you should be aware of the consequences of another accident."

It can be seen that Emperor Meiji is very dissatisfied with the current situation. However, apart from warning and beating, he couldn't do anything else. One can imagine his frustration.

"Yes, Your Majesty!"

...

ended one gambling game and immediately went to another gambling table. Facing a gambler-style government, Ito Hirobumi has nothing to say.

It knew it was wrong, but the Japanese government had no choice. It's easy to leave the gambling table, but the question is what to do with the debt left after you quit?

Regardless of the fun of "government bankruptcy-debt restructuring" in European countries, if the Japanese government dares to follow suit, it will immediately become the "chicken" used to scare the monkeys.

Never mind the Anglo-Japanese alliance, it involves vital interests, let alone any alliance. In this regard, the British government is the most realistic.

To use the most popular saying in the international media: "Those who dare to rely on Britain's account must be land-based countries." If you want to be more specific, you can also add the Russian Empire at the end.

So far, only the Tsarist government has been able to successfully defy the British and has not received "cordial condolences" from the Royal Navy.

Countries in the European Union, including all the countries in the European Union, are having fun going bankrupt now, and still no one has said that they are prepared to default on their debts. The requests put forward one by one are: partial loan interest exemption or grace time for payment.

They have the backing, but they really have no money, and the British government is unable to intervene. The creditors can only accept the debt restructuring with a sad face. It's better to be able to recoup the cost at least than to lose it all.

Don't even think about this kind of treatment if you change the Japanese government. The southward strategy failed and the Russians did not move eastward. Japan's value to Britain has dropped to a low point, and it is not worth the British government's face.

...

Franz naturally doesn't know the suffering the Japanese government is facing. Although the memory of his previous life has faded over time, it still does not affect his dissatisfaction with the Meiji government.

The cost of an expedition is too high, so it's okay to sap the enemy secretly. What is even more gratifying is that the Japanese government, which has been severely beaten by society, still thinks that the Spanish government's public relations played a role.

Since the Japanese have misunderstood, let them continue to misunderstand. Just be the hero behind the scenes. Franz has always stayed away from the publicity and hatred.

Franz no longer cares about the subsequent international mediation. As long as the British government doesn't have any mistakes, Japan's withdrawal from Nanyang is a foregone conclusion.

If the British government was out of their minds and jumped out to support Japan at this time, Franz would be even happier. As long as the incident expands, it will be Britain versus the Continental Alliance.

If the "Eighteen Route Princes Challenge Dong" really comes true, then there will be nothing left to do. Otherwise, within five years, Shinra will be the only world overlord.

However, the hegemony obtained through this kind of group fighting is not stable. The Russian Empire, as a good ally of Shinra, is very likely to seize India; and the United States of America in America may also take the opportunity to annex Canada.

This is not a question of 1+1=2. Quantitative changes can also cause qualitative changes. Whether it is Russia annexing India or the United States annexing Canada, they all have the potential to become world hegemons.

One-on-one Shinra is not afraid. Although the current Russian Empire has fewer internal conflicts, the price paid has been a significant reduction in population, and the numerical advantage of gray animals no longer exists.

Even if India is obtained, the efficiency of the tsarist government's bureaucracy will not be transformed into national strength in the short term.

The United States, known as the chosen country, is now a shrunken version. Not only does it no longer have the southern region and Alaska, but more importantly, the quality of the population has been greatly reduced, and domestic racial conflicts have increased significantly.

It's a pity that Our Lady is not popular nowadays. The United States government suppressed the conflicts by force. Otherwise, if they gave them a saint, there would be no problem.

A single Shinra family can suppress it, but if these two guys from different parts of the world join forces, things will not be so easy to handle.

Directly using violent beatings is obviously unrealistic. Every time a war of this level breaks out, it is a heavy blow to the Shinra Empire.

Especially these guys are big guys and can't be beaten to death with just one stick. France next door is an example. Before it could recover from the trauma of war, domestic voices clamoring for revenge began to rise.

Although King Carlos has tried his best to suppress it, in a country that advocates freedom, it is impossible not to let people speak.

Hatred will continue. If we really fight to become world hegemons, hatred will overthrow Shinra's hegemony before Shinra itself declines.

Franz's scalp feels numb whenever he thinks of Britain, France, Russia, the United States or more countries taking revenge together. Fighting all the way, which is not the road to overlord, is clearly the road to suicide leading to hell.

Not only does it destroy itself, but it also drags the entire human civilization to hell. It seems that this is what the original time and space mustache did, and the awesome Third Reich soon became history in the flames of war.

Since we can't go all the way, Britain, the overlord, should be left alone for the time being. As long as the British don't commit suicide, it won't be a big problem to hold on for another ten or eight years.

Shinra took advantage of this period of time to continue practicing his internal skills, and after he had an absolute advantage in strength, he would go over to take over. Lest others take advantage of your lack of strength.

It's better not to cause trouble at the moment and deal with the economic crisis honestly! If the European continent collapses, no matter what hegemony is, it will be like a flower in the mirror and a moon in the water.

...

Prime Minister Karl: "Your Majesty, the list of the first batch of specially dispatched workers has been finalized. They come from 13 countries including Belgium, Belgium, and Switzerland, totaling 468,000 people. They are expected to start boarding ships to go overseas next week.

The second batch The third batch of labor recruitment is almost complete. The number of applicants is unexpectedly high. As of last week, the number of applicants has exceeded 18 million. It seems that governments of all countries have concealed the crisis. "

No. The method was originally a "labor dispatch plan" to solve the domestic unemployment rate. With the participation of other European countries, the scope of recruitment has also expanded to the entire European continent.

Even though the ratio of the number of applicants for recruitment is only 1:6, it doesn't seem to be much. Any job fair in the future can add a zero at the end.

The problem is that the base is large. Eighteen million people signed up to recruit three million workers. Even though some of them are employed, there are still more unemployed people who did not sign up because they were unwilling to work in the colonies.

From the analysis of data, it can be determined that the unemployment rate in European countries has far exceeded the information provided by various governments.

Now Franz somewhat understands why the economic summit is progressing so quickly. With such a high unemployment rate, governments of all countries are sitting on a powder keg every day, even if they are not efficient.

Not to mention that the conditions of the Vienna government are not excessive. No matter how harsh the conditions are, in order to maintain their rule, they can only accept them.

"Well!"

After a pause, Franz asked with concern: "Are the language teachers in place?"

The scope was expanded, and the original labor dispatch plan also underwent qualitative changes. If he were not afraid of arousing the vigilance of governments around the world, Franz would have opened up recruitment long ago.

Attracting immigrants is secondary. The most important thing is to promote language and culture and expand the soft power of the empire.

Whether you want to admit it or not, the most widely used language these days is English, followed by Spanish. As for Austrian, it is not as widespread as French.

Because of historical issues, French has the reputation of "the language of the nobility", so much so that European aristocrats have gone to learn French. Even as France declined, the diplomatic language of Europe remained French.

If people don't want to learn language and culture, you can't force it into their heads.

Overseas, it was a little better. Because of the defeat of France, HRE's appeal to people of insight who were eager to learn to save the nation and survive was greatly increased, and there was also a trend of learning Austrian language.

The same cannot be said for the European continent. We are all old neighbors. Who doesn't know whom?

If you say that Shinra has the biggest fist, everyone will believe it; if you say that Shinra culture is superior, go ahead and fool the devil!

I can't beat you in a martial arts fight, but I won't give up on you in a literary fight. Regardless of whether it is a divided Italy or a declining Greece, in terms of history and culture, the existence of HRE is defeated.

If it weren't for the fact that he was the heir to Rome, Franz himself would be embarrassed to promote his long history and culture. But it's okay to use this thing to fool people overseas, but it's better not to humiliate yourself in mainland Europe.

It's not that the Vienna government hasn't made any efforts, but when it comes to art, the French and Italians are obviously more professional.

As the saying goes, "The country is unlucky but the poet is lucky." Now that the country is developing well, those artistic works that care about the country and the people will naturally not be produced.

In contrast, divided Italy and defeated France both provided the best stage for literati to create. Various works of art are now pouring out.

If you can't compete with art, you can only play with technology. The economic crisis is the best opportunity. Others don't need to learn it, but everyone who goes to work in Shinra's overseas territories must learn Austrian language.

Whoever owns the territory decides who owns it. When you get there, you not only have to learn the language, but you also have to change your living habits.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1014 Confrontation at the Negotiation Table

What people fear most is the lack of hope. Although the three million labor dispatch plan cannot solve all unemployment problems in Europe, it can bring hope to everyone.

Adhering to the principle of maximizing impact, unless they are skilled workers, this labor recruitment is limited to one person per household, and the labor recruitment will be given to families with financial difficulties as much as possible.

In a sense, this recruitment drive not only alleviates employment pressure in various countries, but is also a large-scale poverty alleviation campaign.

Although the salary standard set by the Vienna government is not high, it is only 50% of the average income of European people in 1893, but for the people at the bottom, this is already a high income.

In this era of huge disparity between the rich and the poor, the annual income of the great aristocrats and great capitalists is equivalent to the annual income of tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of ordinary people, while the income of more than half of the people at the bottom is less than 20% of the average level. The word "average" has long lost its meaning.

If it weren't for the fact that the workplace was overseas and the basic conditions in all aspects were not up to par, such jobs would have been snapped up long ago.

From this point of view, Franz, the annual poverty alleviation champion, is determined. Perhaps it is also the champion of poverty alleviation in this century. After all, this level of poverty alleviation project is unprecedented, and it is estimated that there will be no more in the next few years.

When you sign a labor contract, you will be paid three months' salary in advance. There is no need to worry about being cheated. This is a recruitment jointly organized with governments of various countries, and we will follow up on the subsequent labor dispatch .

Of course, no one knows exactly how far it can be tracked. Anyway, when promoting, just choose the best ones.

The harsh climate and the infestation of poisonous insects and ferocious beasts are all practical issues that have been ignored by governments of various countries, intentionally or unintentionally. Perhaps for the rulers, sending these potentially dangerous elements away is the right thing to do.

The effect of spreading money is naturally leveraged. For every advance salary distributed, a family is temporarily relieved of the hunger crisis. The deteriorating situation on the European continent has finally turned for the better.

...

In Nanyang, the much-anticipated Philippine War Mediation Conference has begun in Sulawesi.

Not surprisingly, in addition to the two parties involved, Japan and Spain, Britain and the European Union countries also participated in the mediation.

It is very obvious that the situation in the 1vs17 mediation meeting is very unfavorable to the Japanese. In diplomacy, it is absolutely a tragedy to engage in verbal quarrels with others.

The Japanese government is not without its efforts. In fact, before coming to the negotiating table, Ito Hirobumi has visited ministers from many countries and invited them to participate in the mediation meeting.

We don't expect everyone's full support, even if we just send a representative to join in the fun and compliment us, it is a kind of support for the Japanese government.

Unfortunately, even though the Japanese army performed well in the Philippine Campaign, in the eyes of the outside world, Spain is still stronger.

It is really embarrassing to ask everyone to help support at the risk of offending Spain. Except for the fact that the British government still sided with the Japanese government out of shame, the Japanese have never been able to win a second ally.

The sequelae of being alone soon became apparent. The negotiations had just begun, and the aggressors were labeled as such, and they were not allowed to refute at all.

...

Russian representative Tamborundos said righteously: "The aggressors must be severely punished. Any indulgence is a blasphemy against the civilized world.

In order to seek justice for the innocent victims who died, I propose to establish a temporary court. , put the culprits who initiated this war on trial.

..."

If you judge from Tamborundos's remarks alone, the uninformed will definitely think that the Japanese army invaded Russia, which made him so angry.

This is no longer the proper attitude for mediation by a neutral country, but more like a revenge meeting. Does Tamborados have any grudge against the Japanese?

The answer is: no!

Although everyone in the tsarist government was unhappy with the Japanese because of the assassination of Crown Prince Nicholas, the crown prince was still alive and well after all, which was enough to make the country and family hate each other.

Not only is there no hatred, there is not even a major conflict of interest. The Tsarist government did not strategically move eastward, and the Japanese government did not move northward. Even if there was a minor dispute on Sakhalin, it ended with the Japanese government making concessions.

However, this did not prevent Tamborundos from seeking bad luck from the Japanese. In addition to selling well to the domestic crown prince, more importantly, the Spanish gave him money.

In order to seize the initiative in the mediation meeting, the Spanish representative threw money all the way, and it was indispensable for representatives from various countries participating in the meeting to have a "souvenir".

In fact, it was not just the Spanish representatives who sent gifts. The Japanese delegation also spent a lot of money, and Ito Hirobumi even visited them one by one in person.

There is no way, this is a bad habit of the times. Diplomacy in the 19th century has always been accompanied by materialistic desires, which is euphemistically called public relations.

Giving money may not necessarily make things happen, but not giving money will definitely cause bad things. On the premise that the interests of the country are not involved, diplomats are very maneuverable. They usually prefer whoever gives more.

It's a pity that it won't work this time. The European Union Conference has made a decision to support Spain. As a diplomatic representative of one of the member states, Tambrendos must support it. This is a matter of political principle.

In this context, the efforts of the Japanese delegation can only make everyone show mercy and soften their attitude when supporting Spain.

Originally, Tamborundos didn't want to be so desperate because of the "big yellow croaker" sent by the Japanese, but a telegram from a big shot in the country made him give up all illusions and become a determined soldier. of anti-Japanese faction.

There was more than one similar telegram, and representatives from almost all countries received it. No matter how powerful the Japanese government's public relations in Nanyang are, it can't stop the Spaniards from starting in Europe.

The final result is that more than a dozen countries in the European Union are pulling their own weight. It is mediation in name, but in fact it is supporting Spain.

The Spanish representative followed suit and said, "Sir, you are right. The invaders must be severely punished, otherwise justice will not be served and the world will be in chaos.

According to the intelligence we have collected, the Japanese government has a secret agreement with the French. It is just a matter of going south to invade the Philippines." As a first step, they also plan to cooperate with the French army in participating in the European war."

Simply asking the Japanese to withdraw from the Philippine Islands will obviously not eliminate the hatred of the Spaniards. Unfortunately, their own strength is limited and they are unable to counterattack the Japanese mainland.

In order to make the ending of the Japanese more miserable, Federico decisively chose to drag the anti-French alliance into the water. As long as the fact of Japan's collusion with France is confirmed, then the Philippine War will not only be fought to defend Spain's colonies, but also for the anti-French alliance.

If the nature changes, the final outcome will naturally be different. Even for the sake of face, the Anti-French Alliance will make the Japanese miserable. Even Britain, which originally supported the Japanese, would give up on this younger brother under pressure from the anti-French alliance.

Faced with the accusations from the Spanish representative, Ito Hirobumi naturally could not admit it. Otherwise, it would not be a question of when to withdraw from the Philippine Islands, but a question of whether the Japanese Empire could still exist.

"This is completely slander. We have nothing to do with the French. There is no so-called collusion at all. Anyone with a little bit of military knowledge knows that Japan is tens of thousands of miles away from Europe. With the previous performance of our navy's warships, even if it were to To go to Europe, many supplies must be carried out along the way.

Without everyone's permission, the Imperial Navy would not even have the ability to enter the Indian Ocean, so how could it collude with France? The Imperial Navy only went to Southeast Asia to combat pirates, but it did not expect that in Luzon When the island was adding coal, we were attacked by the defenders of your country, and we were forced to launch a counterattack.

We are the victims of this war, and the so-called invasion is simply not true. All this is the result of the idiot defenders of Luzon Island The officer's responsibility, otherwise there would not have been this war at all."

In order to reduce his responsibility, Ito Hirobumi decisively chose to tell lies with his eyes open. Regardless of whether anyone believed it or not, he would not admit any of the Spanish accusations.

"In the face of hard facts, sophistry is meaningless. The French have acknowledged the existence of the secret agreement, and I even brought a copy of the contract." After saying that, Spanish representative Federico took out a copy of the contract and handed it over He gave it to the Shinra representative in front of him and glared at Ito Hirobumi provocatively.

Not only was there a secret treaty between France and Japan, but there was also a secret treaty between Britain and Japan. Without the acquiescence of Britain and France, the Japanese government would not have dared to go south.

But now France has declined, and Britain is still awesome. The Spanish government does not want to offend the British, so it directly ignores the fact of the British-Japanese secret agreement.

The thing he was most worried about happened. Ito Hirobumi, whose heart was beating fast, bit the bullet and yelled: "You just want to convict us of a treaty that was fabricated out of thin air. Your country is too overbearing.

We have never signed a treaty with the French." Secret agreement, you brought out a fake contract and you want us to recognize it?"

Don't be nervous, the French-Japanese secret agreement really exists. It's just that the content of the treaty is somewhat different from what the Spanish representative said.

Before the launch of the southward strategy, the Japanese government had considered the consequences of France's defeat, so when concluding the treaty, there were mostly ambiguous contents.

In addition, the Paris government did not pay attention to Japan and did not take their military power seriously. The final treaty concluded was a joint plan to encircle and suppress pirates.

There seems to be no problem in encircling and suppressing pirates. The problem is that the Shinra Navy did a lot of business without capital in Malacca for the purpose of blockading France.

As a winner, there is no need to be blamed, so this period of black history must be erased. Regarding the Japanese Navy's desire to encircle and suppress "pirates", the Shinra Empire will certainly not say anything openly. No one knows whether it will retaliate secretly.

Anyway, Ito Hirobumi was nervous. In the view of the Japanese government, Shinra spared no effort to support Spain out of revenge for Japan's previous possible collusion with France.

Just because of "possibility", the secret agreement between France and Japan is strictly confidential. Under normal circumstances, Shinra will not know the specific content. However, international politics often does not require evidence. A possibility is enough to make the Vienna government give them some shoes.

If this "possibility" is confirmed, Japan will be able to survive the difficult days in the future. The explanation makes no sense. No matter what the purpose of the Japanese government is, and whether they did it or not, they will be retaliated against.

A hegemon needs to establish its authority. As the first country to come to Japan after the war, it must be a "chicken" to scare the monkeys.

Based on this judgment, Ito Hirobumi cannot recognize the secret agreement between France and Japan even if he kills himself, even if the contract is presented.

Perhaps realizing that his younger brother was in trouble, British representative Klaus said with a smile: "Everything has happened, there is no point in continuing to linger in the past. We have to look forward.

War is cruel and continuous. Many precious lives are taken away every day. Anyone who desires peace does not want a war. Enough blood has been shed.

Today we are sitting together to mediate conflicts and end this meaningless war. As for other issues , let's discuss it after the war is over!” It's not that Klaus is weak, it's actually that the war initiated by the Japanese government cannot withstand scrutiny at all. The Japanese government cannot clean up its excuses for war and undeclared war.

If you are dealing with a weak country, you can either play rogue or be a fool; but now that the European Continental Alliance has intervened, the best way is to follow the rules of the game.

The London government is already busy destroying the European Continental Alliance, and it is really not the right time to stir up hatred. After all, there are only two necessary conditions for the existence of an alliance: common interests and common enemies.

If you want to disintegrate the Continental Alliance, the first step is to make European countries feel no threat. Only when the common enemy disappears will they feel free to engage in internal fighting boldly.

In order to achieve this goal, the London government has decided to conduct strategic contraction overseas and avoid conflicts with European countries as much as possible.

In this context, the support that the British can provide to the Japanese government can be imagined. Perhaps the London government now wishes that the war in the Philippines would end immediately so that the Continental Alliance could relax as soon as possible.

People have a lot of trouble, and it also applies to politics. If an alliance is idle for many years, everyone will find that this alliance is useless.

"Soldier against soldier, against general."

Now that the British are taking the lead, as the leader of the Continental Alliance, Shinra naturally has to help his younger brother take on the pressure exerted by John Bull, otherwise how can he convince the public.

As the representative of Shinra, Governor Chandler said with a smile: "It would be best to end this war as soon as possible. After all, everyone loves peace, and no one wants to fight and kill all the time.

But in order to warn future generations, the punishment for the invaders will be It still needs to happen. I think it is better to restore the territory to the pre-war territory and end the war.

Then, all countries will form a joint delegation to conduct a comprehensive investigation into the causes and consequences of the war. For provoking the war We are determined to have zero tolerance for the culprit."

The two gangsters talked about peace together, and there was no sign of any estrangement. If you didn't know better, you might have thought that the relationship between Britain and Austria was very good.

It's a pity that everyone present is an insider, and everyone has long been accustomed to the game between Britain and Shinra.

The only one who felt nervous was probably Ito Hirobumi. There is no other way. Restoring the pre-war territory in an understatement may seem fair, but in fact it wastes the last bargaining chip in the hands of the Japanese government. Without the Philippine Islands, what would the Japanese government have to bargain with Spain?

The joint investigation team is simply disgusting. There are representatives from twenty countries sitting here, excluding the two warring countries, exactly 1:17. With such a huge disparity in the proportions of the survey groups, it is self-evident who the survey results will be in favor of.

Everyone absolutely believes that there is zero tolerance for the culprits who started the war. Just look at France. After the anti-French alliance won the war, they sacrificed the French consortium to heaven.

There is really no injustice, it's just that a lot of people slipped through the net. Needless to say, Mike Mahon, the person directly responsible for the displacement of people in Belgium and the Rhineland, does not need to bear responsibility for the dead.

The problem is that the top officials of the Bonaparte dynasty who initiated this war were actually let off lightly. Even if no one could be caught, it would be too much to even bother to issue a wanted warrant.

Just complain in your mind, there is no need to say it out loud. The rules of the game are like this. Napoleon IV surrendered in time after the war, and the previous accounts were wiped out.

The same applies to the Japanese government, except that they were not defeated and the Spaniards did not have the ability to go to Honshu Island to get people.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1015: The Lord's Troubles

Although Rao was prepared to be made things difficult for him, Ito Hirobumi was also furious when faced with the scene before him.

But there was a voice deep in his heart that kept reminding him to calm down. This was a conspiracy of the enemy, just to anger...

"Your Excellency, Governor, it is too unfair to go back to before the war. It is against..."

Ito didn't wait. After finishing the blog post, Chandler interrupted: "Prime Minister, you seem to have misunderstood the concept. Over there is your negotiating partner.

I am just providing you with a reference suggestion in my personal capacity. It is up to you whether you want to accept it or not. In short, order in Southeast Asia must be restored to normal before Christmas.

Your country's military in the Philippine Islands has now destroyed the prosperity and stability of the Southeast Asia region. This is something that no peace-loving country can tolerate. If your government is incapable of handling it, , we can help do it for you. "

"I was acted on," was Ito Hirobumi's first reaction. In any case, since it was a war between Japan and Spain, the protagonists of the negotiations should be Japan and Spain.

Now he couldn't hold it back and went to talk to the Shinra representative. Wasn't it a sign that he was out of his mind?

Problems arose during this discussion, and Chandler took the opportunity to draw out the timeline of the negotiations, which suddenly put him in a passive position.

disagree?

Just look at the expressions of representatives from various countries and you will know that, don't think about it. It's best to finish the conversation as soon as possible. It's good for you and me. Good for everyone. Otherwise, it would be a big sin if it affects everyone's return for Christmas.

What is most unacceptable to Ito Hirobumi is that the British actually acquiesced in all this happening and did not raise any objection to withdrawing from the Philippines.

Ito Hirobumi couldn't help but think too much, John Bull's skill of selling teammates is too powerful. It would be a tragedy if you were accidentally sold and you count the money for others.

...

Without any surprises, the first day of negotiations was destined to end badly. If the result can be reached in one day, it is no longer a negotiation.

In the evening, Governor Chandler, as the host, held a banquet as usual. Watching representatives from various countries happily shuttle back and forth in the banquet, Hirobumi Ito, who was dressed in a suit, was drinking alone in a corner with a glass of red wine, which seemed out of place with the environment.

"Still worried about what happened during the day?"

The person who came was none other than Klaus, the British consul in Southeast Asia. He hugged his female companion with one arm and sat down opposite Ito Hirobumi with a wine glass in the other.

After clinking the glasses and taking a sip, Ito Hirobumi slowly replied: "Yes, Sir."

"The biased stance of some countries is really unfriendly to us. If this continues, what will happen later?" I'm afraid it will be difficult for the negotiations to proceed smoothly."

Upon hearing this unsurprising answer, Klaus laughed so hard that the wine in his glass spilled out, and finally returned to normal with the help of his female companion.

"Prime Minister, you have been deceived. It is true that European countries support Spain, but this does not mean that they are willing to launch a war for Spain with no reward.

Despite their clamor, in fact, only those who are truly capable of carrying out an expedition Holy Roman Empire. As long as your country does not touch the bottom line of the Vienna government, they will not send troops.

..."

Frankly speaking, Klaus did not want to tell the Japanese so much. But Ito Hirobumi couldn't resist being so generous. Just now he received another check for 5,000 pounds.

Although diplomats stationed abroad have many sources of money, it depends on what they are doing. If you are stationed in the Far Eastern Empire, you will naturally have a lot of money, and you can make a fortune by spending anything.

Unfortunately, Klaus works in Nanyang. In the Nanyang region dominated by Shinra, his status as a consul is worthless.

When it comes to politics and diplomacy between the two countries, London directly contacts Vienna, and it is not his turn to make the decision. Even if something needs to be coordinated by him, don't expect the Governor of Austrian Nanyang to give him generous gifts.

I want to help bridge the gap and move industrial products such as weapons and equipment, construction machinery, etc. Unfortunately, Shinra is more slippery than Britain in this regard, and there is no blank market at all.

Against this background, Klaus's pockets were naturally unable to grow. After finally encountering the Japanese who were taken advantage of, it was natural for them to blackmail them.

For the sake of the pound, Klaus readily sold the gameplay in European diplomatic circles, and also gave away the basic situation of the current European continent.

The rest is all nonsense. Ito Hirobumi already knows the basic situation of the European continent. It's just that he still needs to learn some secrets in European diplomatic circles.

"Sir, what is the bottom line of the Continental Alliance, or what is the bottom line of the Vienna government?" It is very important to clarify this point. Ito Hirobumi cannot sleep without clarifying the bottom line of the Holy Roman Empire, or its true intention.

Consul Klaus shook his head: "I can't answer your question for sure. However, according to the speculation of the London government, the European Union is currently busy getting rid of the domestic economic crisis, and most likely does not have too much energy to seek bad luck for you.

Of course, the Philippines Your country, the Archipelago, will definitely not be saved. This was determined at the Vienna Conference, and you cannot but give the Continental Alliance face."

"The person who knows you best is often your enemy." This sentence is not true at all. Regarding the study of the Vienna government, if the British were called second, absolutely no one would dare to be called first.

After so many years of research and analysis, the London government has already figured out the Vienna government's external style.

Even if a hard-core Japanese product with no oil and water is delivered to your door, no one will take it. Interference in the Philippine war was only due to diplomatic and strategic needs.

The European Continental Alliance sounds domineering, and the only two countries that are truly capable of intervening in Nanyang affairs are HRE and the Netherlands. Once armies meet, the main force in the war will definitely be Shinra.

It is easy to attack the Japanese. The problem is that the Vienna government has come ashore. Now is the time to pay attention to food and appearance, and it is impossible to take advantage of the Philippines. Even if Japan is defeated, the Vienna government will not be able to recover the cost.

What's more, Japan is not without a backstage. Even if they don't take this little brother seriously, as long as Shinra can cause trouble, the London government will not give up its support for them.

Ito Hirobumi has long known about the Continental Alliance's face problem. From the beginning of the diplomatic note, the Tokyo government knew that the Philippine Islands were not secure. The reason why we are still in a stalemate now is just to maximize our interests.

Whether they can extort compensation from Spain is secondary. The key is that it takes time to evacuate and move. The gains made by the Japanese army on the Philippine Islands must be transported back to the country before they can be counted.

If you want to bring the property back smoothly, the Spanish navy is a hurdle that cannot be bypassed. Although the Japanese Navy has restrained the main force of the Spanish Navy, its cruisers can still come out to cause trouble.

This kind of destroyer ship made by Shinra doesn't have much advantage, except that it can run fast enough. A frontal decisive battle is not possible, but breaking ties behind enemy lines is the best of both worlds. Even if they were encountered at sea, the Japanese navy would not be able to catch up.

Britain can naturally build similar warships. The problem is that as the most powerful Royal Navy in the world, a direct confrontation is enough. Breaking diplomatic relations is something only the weak need to consider.

Without demand, there would naturally be no construction. The Japanese government can customize it if needed, but unfortunately the battlefield can't wait any longer.

In this context, what the Japanese government needs most is a ceasefire first. Only when the sea is safe can they successfully transport the harvested wealth back.

Naturally, things that were obvious could not be hidden from the Spaniards. As the robbed party, the Spaniards naturally did not want to see the Japanese take away their wealth.

Although Spain has the support of the European Alliance, the Japanese are not without reliance. If nothing else, at least most of the Philippine Islands are still in the hands of the Japanese army.

Destruction is always easier than construction. If push comes to shove, the Japanese can still use a scorched-earth strategy and leave a ruin to the Spaniards.

Anyway, Spain did not have the strength to retaliate. Once the Japanese army retreated to its homeland, Spain would be helpless.

Even though the navies of the two countries can compete evenly with each other now, it is based on the premise of the support of Shinra, who can carry out supplies and repair warships nearby. If the battlefield is changed, the situation will be very different.

After learning the purpose of the Continental Alliance from the British, Ito Hirobumi breathed a deep sigh of relief.

A weak country has no diplomacy. Japan, which used to have the upper hand in time and space, was forced by the big powers to abandon Liaodong, let alone now.

Spain has not yet been defeated. Although it suffered heavy losses on the battlefield, with the support of the Shinra, Spain's military strength has not declined but has increased.

In addition to these factors, another reason that prompted the Japanese government to give up was that the country was about to be unable to support it.

Affected by the war in the Philippines, Shinra, the largest grain merchant in Southeast Asia, cut off grain exports to Japan, causing Japan's domestic rice prices to soar.

The British were also unable to help on this issue. Indochina was just occupied, and John Bull did not have the talent for farming or the ability to export a large amount of grain.

The European Continental Alliance blocked the Strait of Malacca, forcing the Japanese government to import from the Far Eastern Empire or the United States.

The Far Eastern Empire does not have enough food to eat itself, so the export price cannot be lowered. The United States is not the United States it once was. Although it has the ability to export food, it is far inferior to the Confederate States in the South in terms of cost control.

The cost itself is not low. Coupled with transportation costs and capitalists taking advantage of the situation, the food will naturally have nothing to do with being cheap after it arrives in Japan.

In addition to the face of the European Continental Alliance, the mediation meeting was able to be successfully held. It was also an important reason that Japan and Spain could not hold on.

Apart from the initial sap, after entering the formal negotiations, the initiative in the negotiations returned to the hands of the representatives of Japan and Spain.

Rule makers also need to abide by the rules of the game. It is okay to go astray, but not excessive. Representatives from various countries have returned to their role as mediators.

The negotiation mode of "noisy, noisy, noisy..." thus began.

...

African continent, New Ortenberg.

This remote town is now decorated with lights and colorful decorations to welcome new friends. As the host, Viscount Outlets stood at the front of the queue.

According to the usual practice, for an ordinary reception and it is not a big shot coming, Viscount Outlet does not need to give such high courtesy.

There is no way, Viscount Outlet's background is not prominent. He may have been a nobleman if his ancestors were traced back eighteen generations!

Not only did he come from an ordinary background, his family background was not rich either. It was his father who really started to make a fortune. Relying on the luck of a European emperor, he successfully crossed the threshold of nobility and became the lowest knight in the Osar War more than thirty years ago.

Then, he caught up with the opportunity of the era of opening up Africa and became a baron with a fief.

My father's luck was good, and the outlet's luck was not bad either. While serving in the army, the European War happened to break out. Following the trend of the times, the baron became a viscount.

The scenery is beautiful, but the sequelae of the outbreak have also come. Outlets with insufficient foundation do not have enough capital to build their own territory. Even if you bring in your relatives and friends, you still can't support a viscounty.

Today is different from the past. Except for occasional small disturbances in the north, the situation on the African continent has stabilized, and the opportunities for making war fortune have been taken up by the fathers.

Looking at the neighbors next door, they spend a lot of money to attract people from the local area. Territory construction is in full swing, and the city has taken shape. His own territory is still at the level of a small town, and the Viscount Outlet is full of emotions.

There is no way. Although the Royal Bank provides low-interest loans for territorial construction, the loan amount is very limited.

Slowly farming and developing is naturally enough. If you want to reach the sky in one step and build a prosperous territory with money, then you should go back and wash your hands!

A penny stumps a heroic man. Without enough funds, there is no way to attract enough immigrants from the country; without enough immigrants, the territory will naturally not develop.

In fact, the establishment of a small town was the result of strong support from family and friends. In a sense, the outlet territory can also be regarded as a large family business.

Nepotism is just childish, even the people under the rule are mostly members of the family. It's not a kinship, there is no friendship in the past, even if he is an immigrant, he will not hang out with a poor lord.

Of course, there is no way. As long as you can put down your arrogance and go back to your hometown to recruit people, you can still gain something.

An approachable lord, even if he is temporarily poor, there are still many people who are willing to follow him. If you can draw a big pie, more people will follow you.

As for attracting investment, there's no need to think about it. The only reason to blame is that the predecessors did such a good job of crossing rivers and demolishing bridges that even capitalists would take a detour when they saw them.

Frankly speaking, the Viscounty of Outlets is not bad. Located in the Niger River Basin, it has abundant rainfall and fertile land, covering an area of ​​more than 7,000 square kilometers. Not to mention a small town with a population of just over 10,000, even if a hundred such small towns were built, it could easily support it.

The only drawback is that it is located inland, the tropical rainforest climate is unpleasant, and the numerous mosquitoes are unacceptable.

Due to the lack of labor force, there is no way to transform the natural environment, which has become an important factor restricting the development of the territory.

In this context, outlets naturally attach great importance to the cheap labor provided by the country.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1016 A Different World

The welcome banquet was very lively. Although the reception standards were not high, it was more affordable.

In order to welcome the two thousand new workers, Viscount Outlet happily slaughtered 50 cows, 100 sheep, and several chickens, and the chef carefully prepared bread and vegetables.

There is no way, there are many people and big appetites. As a good lord, it is natural to invite all the people to participate in such a large banquet outlet.

Although 50 cows may seem like a lot, the cattle in Africa in the 19th century were all naturally raised. They were not large in size, and they were not artificially modified beef cattle in later generations, so the meat yield was naturally not much higher .

With one steak per person, all 50 cows were consumed. As for the 100 sheep just for stewing soup, it is obviously not enough to make barbecue. In comparison, the supply of chicken is much more abundant.

Of course, meat is hardly a luxury item in Europe. Especially after the expansion of Austrian Africa, the price of meat products fell again and again.

The African continent is vast and sparsely populated, providing a favorable foundation for the development of animal husbandry. Take the outlet territory as an example. It covers more than 7,000 square kilometers and has a population of just over 10,000.

After excluding the elderly and children, the young and strong labor force is only five to six thousand. So much land cannot be cultivated. The development of animal husbandry is a good choice.

For noble lords with enough land, the cost of raising cattle and sheep that can only grow on grass is not high. You support me and I support you. The more people you support, the price will naturally go down.

What really stood out was that all the bread on the table was white bread, the kind without any additives. For workers who are used to eating bricks and brown bread, the impact is huge.

There is naturally white bread in continental Europe, but because the production cost of wheat is higher than that of rye, the price of white bread has also risen, making it the standard for wealthy people.

At an ordinary welcome banquet, the lord brought out all white bread, which was beyond everyone's knowledge.

Many people looked at the white bread in front of them and hesitated to eat it, for fear that the chef had made a mistake and served the wrong food. Seeing that everyone around them was getting white bread, I was sure it wasn't the chef who made a mistake.

The beautiful misunderstanding added some excitement to the banquet. This is only the feeling that people who have just arrived in Africa will have. After staying for a long time, they will not be so surprised.

There is no other reason. The core of the problem is that rye likes cold and grows in temperate and cold areas. The African continent is like a big furnace. No matter how high-yielding the rye is, it is useless.

In contrast, wheat has less stringent requirements for the growing environment. It is adaptable to a variety of climates and has naturally become a staple food on the table.

Just by looking at the unlimited supply of chicken, you can tell that Viscount Outlets is an owner who never lacks food. In fact, more than 99% of the lords on the African continent have encountered the problem of overcapacity in food production.

Due to the restrictions of the African localization agreement, overseas lords cannot sell food to the European continent to impact food prices, which directly stops everyone's desire to export food.

However, in this world, there are only people who starve to death due to lack of food, and there are no people who die due to overproduction of food.

Excessive grain production capacity obviously cannot scare the shrewd aristocratic group. Initially, everyone reduced grain production capacity and switched to cash crops.

Later, everyone discovered that the income of cash crops is extremely unstable. If the price is the same last year and the same price this year, it may rot in the fields next year. Although the returns are high, the ability to resist risks is too weak.

Soon someone came up with a new way. Being unable to export grain does not mean that we cannot export meat products. After all, it's all about making money, so it's not a bad idea to develop a side business to share risks.

Chickens and ducks with a short growth cycle, low breeding threshold, and the ability to eat insects have become the first choice.

The key point is "eating bugs". People don't like to immigrate to Africa. In addition to the unsuitable climate, the biggest problem is that there are so many poisonous bugs, which make people miserable.

Someone discovered that after raising chickens and ducks in the settlement, the caterpillars that could be seen everywhere and often crawled into the house suddenly became rare.

Of course, this alone is not enough to make everyone make up their mind. What really made everyone decide to raise chickens and ducks was the "locust plague".

Because of the dry climate, many areas in Africa are prone to locust plagues. There are no pesticides these days, and agricultural production is most afraid of "locust plagues." Chickens and ducks can curb locust plagues. With this advantage, they have instantly become everyone's favorite.

Due to poor management by some lords, domestic chickens and ducks have been scattered into the wild, and now they are almost overrun.

Flooding is not without its benefits. Not only are there fewer poisonous insects and locust plagues have been contained, even epidemic diseases are not as frequent as in the past.

Of course, there are divergent opinions in the medical community as to whether the reduction in disease is due to the reduction of poisonous insects or the elimination of virus sources, and there is currently no accurate answer.

In fact, not only chickens and ducks have overrun, but cattle, sheep, wild boars, and rabbits have also overrun in some areas of the African continent.

It's not a matter of invasive species, it's mainly a matter of vast land and sparsely populated areas. In addition, for the safety of the people, the noble lords hunted predators on a large scale, destroying the ecological chain cycle.

The proliferation of anything will lead to a decline in profits. Seeing the animal husbandry industry declining, someone started to start the grain industry again.

Small workshops have emerged one after another. The most common ones are naturally refining vegetable oil, making wine, making alcohol and dried meat, and the more high-end ones include making sugar, starch, flavorings, etc.

Today, almost all the local supporting grain processing industries have been moved here. The only problem is that the self-sufficient lord economic model restricts the development of these industries.

However, from the perspective of the parties involved, these are not problems. He also expressed deep disdain for the evaluation of the "self-sufficient primitive economic model" given by the outside world.

How can you make money if you don't play like this?

Regardless of the proliferation of these small workshops, they are actually forced out. Shinra occupies more than 85% of the land on the African continent, but has a population of less than 16 million. It is easy to imagine how sparsely populated the country is.

Don't expect good transportation when there are few people. Although the Vienna government has also built several railways on the African continent, these are only main lines, and most of the noble territories are not covered.

Railways are impassable and roads are also not perfect. The main means of transportation are horse-drawn carriages, ox-carts, donkey carts, and camels. Cars are only available in the first developed areas.

In inland territories like outlets, all large machinery and equipment are first dismantled into parts, shipped in, and then reassembled.

In this context, if we don't use decentralized small workshops for processing, is it possible to still hope to transport all the grains together for processing?

As for the development of small workshops, it will not be too late to consider this issue after the roads are cleared. Anyway, with the advantage of having a lot of land, small workshops will be competitive for a long time to come.

Just look at the international market and you will know that 30% of the meat products in Europe come from Africa. Alcohol accounts for 43% of the market share, and beer production capacity ranks first in the world...

The original restrictions on grain exports not only did not restrict the development of Africa's economy, but actually promoted industrial upgrading.

From exporting raw grains to processing in small workshops is also a big step forward. Even though humans have entered the industrial age many years ago, the production model is still dominated by small workshops.

The large factory economic model exists only in a few countries. Just "existing", until the advent of the great monopoly era, workshop-style factories with 180 people were the mainstream.

...

The banquet ended in the evening, and we returned to the assigned eight-person dormitory. Due to the lack of language, everyone just said hello and went to sleep.

In order to facilitate management, the dispatched workers are scattered and distributed. The eight people in the dormitory in front of me are from eight countries.

In this world where "traditions vary from ten miles to the other and customs vary from hundred miles to the other", even if the same country has multiple languages, workers from eight countries will naturally be unable to understand each other's languages.

Although I had already received language education on the way here, I really can't force my talent.

The vast majority of people have only mastered simple daily expressions in more than a month of language learning. Some wooden fish have only learned limited vocabulary such as "hello", "eat", "sleep" and "work".

Saying hello is okay, but if you want to communicate in depth in Austrian, it is estimated that only workers from Switzerland and Belgium can barely do it.

The problem is free communication. It is not enough to just know Austrian. You must also have others who can. Of course, if you can speak other languages ​​at the same time, it is fine. The question is, will a master who can speak a foreign language still live in an eight-person dormitory?

Who deserves what kind of treatment? In this cruel world, even labor dispatch is divided into three, six or nine levels.

If he really is a language genius, he showed it early when he was learning Austrian. Now he has been promoted and plays the role of temporary team leader, and occasionally does translation work.

Although the salary and benefits have not increased, the accommodation benefits have gone up first. The eight-person dormitory has become a four-person dormitory, which is considered a small preferential treatment.

When you suddenly come into a strange world, normal people will feel uneasy deep inside. The lively welcome banquet only slightly relieved everyone's uneasiness.

Although Viscount Outlets had tried his best to be approachable, the aura brought by being in a high position all year round still made everyone feel nervous.

Getting close is even more impossible.

"A dragon will not play with fishes and shrimps, and a Kunpeng will not swim with doves."

Viscount Outlets can be approachable, but others cannot ignore his sense of propriety. Regardless of the large number of people being recruited, one might think that the threshold for admission does not exist.

In fact, those who can be selected here are those who have been beaten by society and accepted the reality of life. Those who are unruly and pretentious have been turned away early.

As an ordinary person, Yamani lives in an eight-person room and has trouble sleeping tonight.

Although Viscount Outlet seems to be very kind, like a benevolent lord; but based on past workplace experience, the more friendly the leader behaves, the more vicious the managers below him will be.

Thinking of all the difficulties he may face in the future, Yamani has trouble sleeping. Various scenarios of being made things difficult for him could not help but appear in his mind, as well as the ways to deal with them.

There is no way, money is not easy to make.

There is an economic crisis in the country, and now the whole family has to support themselves. This relatively well-paying job must be kept.

What's more, even if he wants to leave, Yamani doesn't know which way to go in this unfamiliar place.

Domestic officials responsible for labor exports put them on the ship and said goodbye. The so-called joint tracking and management by governments of various countries will most likely not happen.

From the moment they left their homeland, they became rootless people. If I really lose my job, I don't know what I will eat for my next meal.

...

The next day, the sun was shining brightly, and it seemed like a good time to work. Yamani, who had dark circles under his eyes, naturally joined the labor force.

If you want to "rest", no problem. However, according to the contract, when you start working, your salary will start to be calculated.

You must know that nearly two months have passed since setting off from Central. Except for arriving on the African continent and resting for a week, the rest of the time was spent on the road. Everyone experienced boats, trains, cars, and carriages.

Although physically and mentally exhausted, the pressure of life leaves everyone with no choice. As a migrant worker, you must bear all your own expenses after arriving at your destination, including your daily living expenses.

The vast majority of people have empty pockets. If they don't go to work and have a work meal, they will be hungry soon.

No one needs to be urged, everyone gets up early and waits for work arrangements. I was afraid that I would be late and delay my work for a whole day.

Yamani admitted that he did not love work so much. He got up early and queued up, fearing being late was not only one aspect, but more importantly, he was worried about missing breakfast.

Only those who have experienced hunger know the value of three meals a day. Even though we are already in the industrial age, in fact, two-thirds of the people in the world cannot have enough to eat.

Even in Europe, the most economically developed country, many people still can only afford two meals a day. Especially after the outbreak of the economic crisis, hunger has become a common phenomenon in the lower class society.

A piece of bread + a glass of milk + an egg + a few vegetable leaves + jam is a sumptuous breakfast for Yamani and others.

On the European continent, the food that only the middle class can enjoy every day has become an ordinary working meal here.

The territory was severely short of labor, and Viscount Outlets, who could have been the mayor, was sadly reduced to the role of mayor.

All the food is produced in the territory and is all natural and green food without chemical fertilizers or pesticides. Even the seeds are saved in-house, and the input cost is not high due to the production model of wide planting and low harvest.

In order to win people's hearts, Viscount Outlets naturally would not save on food. We must know that one of the most important reasons why many European workers choose to stay in Africa is the good food.

The effect is very obvious. Looking at the expressions of enjoyment on everyone's faces, you can tell that everyone is very satisfied with the breakfast.

At least European capitalists are reluctant to provide such a sumptuous "free" breakfast to ordinary workers.

The work content was very simple. Except for a small number of skilled workers who were taken away and arranged separately, all workers, including Yamani, had the same job: building roads and digging canals.

The difference from the past is that everyone here works in quantitative mode.

For every sixteen people in a group, a group leader is appointed. The management personnel divide the construction sections, and each group draws lots to determine the construction section. Everything is done in full view of the public. Whether you suffer or take advantage depends on God's blessing.

Working hours still follow the oldest "work at sunrise and rest at sunset".

The salary is determined by the completion of the project. You can do whatever you want if you don't want to be paid. If an individual performs badly, and after more than three-quarters of the group members vote, he or she can report to the management to apply for expulsion.

Members who were kicked out were grouped separately and performed poorly again - expelled.

Yamani shuddered when he heard the word "fired". This is the African continent. Once you are fired, it is not as simple as losing your job.

Although the territory is seriously short of labor, once fired from the lord's house, there is no hope of finding a job in the town again. As for leaving, you must first ensure that you have travel expenses.

Don't even think about making trouble. Even though the town is small, it still has all the necessary facilities.

Viscount Outles also holds a series of positions such as mayor, judge, police chief, and militia leader. In short, he has the final say on all administrative affairs in the territory.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1017: The Difficult Inter-Village Railway

After the management staff gave a brief lecture, they began to assign work tasks.

As for Viscount Outlets, he disappeared from everyone's sight except for appearing at the welcome banquet. It makes many guys who want to hug their thighs feel sad.

Yamani was not disappointed. The gap in status is too big, and he doesn't have the talent to do anything in the world. No matter how good he is at flattering, it's useless.

The most important thing is that Yamani does not flatter others, and naturally he does not want others to flatter him and gain power.

Not to mention the superior lord, even the managers responsible for assigning work are surrounded by a large group of people who want to follow them all the time.

Facts have proven that flattering requires talent, and not everyone can do it. If you blindly go up and get close, maybe the horse's hooves will be caught instead of flattering you.

Looking at the final result, you can see that some unlucky guy used half-baked Austrian to get close to him, but the wrong wording made the management staff furious and he was almost kicked out.

There is no way. The people of Shinra may not be very good at art, but they have one advantage, and that is - "rigor".

The lords all came from the military, and when managing their territories, they inevitably brought in some military style.

Unlike ordinary citizens with jobs, all laborers are paid by the lord, so Yamani directly enjoys semi-military treatment.

In addition to the lack of military training, the management model was directly borrowed from the military model. To put it simply: just do whatever you are told, don't ask about other things, and don't worry about it.

After being scolded by managers, Yamani began his day's work. There is nothing unbalanced. It is inevitable that you will be scolded at work, especially if you are not the one being scolded, so you will feel even less comfortable.

I don't know whether it was good luck or bad luck, but Yamani's group was assigned to the road construction army.

This means that from now on, they will be spending a long time in the wild.

"Poisonous insects and ferocious beasts", thinking of the propaganda in the domestic media, an ominous premonition arose in Yamani's heart.

But looking at the armed guards, everyone swallowed their rejection decisively. It is impossible to theory, we are all good young people who love to work.

In fact, Yamani is completely overthinking. This is the African continent. Without military protection, it would be difficult for ordinary people to survive in the wild.

Perhaps in coastal areas, lions, elephants, crocodiles and other beasts have become extinct; but in inland areas, these beasts, which are about to become protected animals, are still the overlords of the jungle.

Because of the vast land and sparsely populated areas, even if the noble lords gave full play to their hunting talents, they could not avoid missing fish.

On the African continent, labor is very precious. A Viscount of Outlets will feel distressed if he dies. After all, workers also need to pay pensions.

When they arrived at the construction site, everyone was a little dumbfounded.

Is this still the "wild continent" in my impression?

A row of construction machinery appeared in front of everyone. Yamani only recognized the excavator. The other machinery felt familiar but also a little strange.

Shocked as it is, work still has to be done. Compared with the European continent, Africa's economy is indeed very backward. But economic backwardness does not mean that productivity must be backward.

Essentially, it's still a matter of money. As long as you have money in your pocket, you can buy things that are available in Europe, but the price is just a little bit more expensive.

Yamani is now certain that the recruiting pitch isn't entirely a lie. At least one thing is certain, that is, there is really no need to work overtime.

There is no large lighting equipment in the entire construction site. Even if you want to work overtime at night, it is impossible.

"Work at sunrise and rest at sunset."

A way of work and rest that completely follows the laws of nature has been difficult for ordinary people to enjoy since humans entered the industrial age.

In a sense, Yamani and others are lucky. Unless the territory does not produce coal, and there are no coal mines within hundreds of miles, causing the cost of power generation to remain high, otherwise it would be a dream to work overtime!

...

Viscount Outlet doesn't care what the workers think. At the moment, he is worried about the railway problems.

Due to its geographical location, the Viscounty Outlets perfectly missed the main artery planned by the government.

Needless to say, their own territory is managed by themselves, and the central government does not even collect taxes, so it naturally has no obligation to solve their traffic problems for them.

Of course, this "no tax collection" is limited to direct taxes within the territory. The central government still has to collect taxes during the commodity trading and circulation process.

In theory, as long as it is self-sufficient. If you do not purchase goods from the outside world or sell products to the outside world, you can truly not pay taxes.

In fact, nature does not exist. If we really stop trading with the outside world, we will have to return to primitive society.

Rights and obligations are equal. The central government does not directly collect taxes from the territory, and is exempted from the obligation to invest in administrative management and infrastructure for the territory.

When planning the main railway line, it is natural to proceed as reasonably as possible. In fact, even if they are lucky enough to encounter a main line passing through their territory, the noble lords will not be able to just sit back and enjoy the benefits.

Everyone knows that Africa's main railway lines are a loss-making business. For strategic needs, Vienna must build a main line, but this does not mean that it must maintain many trains.

In order to reduce operating costs, reducing the number of trains on loss-making lines is a basic operation. If there is a railway but no train cover, it is better not to have one, so as not to worry about it.

In the end, these expenses still have to be borne jointly by the central government and local lords. So African Railways, which is responsible for building Africa's railway network, has been a joint venture between the lords and the central government from the beginning.

Including Viscount Outlets subscribed for shares, and in return the main line reserved an interface for him, so that he could build a branch railway to connect with the main line.

Of course, this is not only a matter for my own family, but also for the surrounding lords. "Who benefits, who pays" is a matter of course.

In order to build branch lines, Viscount Outlet and his colleagues in surrounding areas also established a railway company.

The main lines are not profitable, let alone the branch railways. Railway shares that everyone is competing for elsewhere have become a hot potato here.

The more shares you get, the more money you need to lose in the future. As for profit, that's something I can't even think about.

It's not that Viscount Outlet is belittling himself, it's that the population of the African continent is too small. Taking our own territory as an example, the labor force alone exceeds 10,000.

Among the dozens of nobles who formed a partnership, the one with the best territory development had a population of no more than 50,000. Their combined territory exceeds 50,000 square kilometers, and their population is less than 200,000.

Two hundred thousand people are divided into dozens of stations, a proper inter-village railway. If you want to make money from the railway, it is estimated that the population will have to increase at least thirty times.

That's almost half the population of the African continent. How long will it take for Shinra to achieve the results they have managed for more than thirty years on the African continent by themselves?

No matter how much the railway company loses, the railway must be repaired in order to transport its own products.

The key is the investment in building the railway. No matter how high the maintenance cost is, it is still cheaper than transporting materials by horse-drawn carriage. In the long run, it is generally profitable.

In fact, everyone has not thought of abandoning the branch railways to the management of the central government and paying for it themselves.

However, no matter how good the plan is, it still requires the cooperation of others. The Vienna government is also afraid of goods destined to lose money.

Inter-village buses all have to lose money, and inter-village railways have to pay even more. Although the population is small, the distance is not short at all.

If the entire African continent's railway network were built, the operating costs would be higher than the entire European continent's railway network combined.

If it really accepts the money-losing deal of the "Inter-Village Railway", then it may not be enough to use all the taxes the Vienna government receives from Africa every year.

Even so, it is still possible to be thankless. A series of problems such as "expensive fares", "few trains", and "delays" can make people criticize the Vienna government and make them doubt their lives.

From Vienna's perspective, controlling the main railway lines controls the African railway network. As for the issue of branch railways, let's leave it to the nobles themselves!

Slow down, just slow down, sooner or later you can get it done. In the original time and space, when Americans were developing the west, the problem was even more serious than this. Infrastructure construction had also been completed, and there was no reason why Shinra couldn't do it.

The operating cost is high, and at worst it means fewer trips. The nobles managed the railway company themselves and could collect a full load of goods before sending out the train. It's scientific and rigorous, and you don't need to worry about anyone pushing the envelope.

Deep down in his heart, Viscount Outlets envied his fellow aristocrats downstream more than once. Although they are both in the Niger River Basin, others can rely on river transportation for development, but he can only work hard to build railways.

The lower reaches are naturally navigable if the river is deep and wide enough, but the situation is tragic upstream. The small rivers in Ortenburg are not only fast-flowing, but also very unstable. There are floods in the summer, and only small streams remain in the winter.

There was no way, the road was chosen by his father. At that time, a small gold mine was discovered, and he tried to find a way to establish the fiefdom at its current location.

The result was a king at the beginning, but a bronze at the end. Gold mines do exist, but the reserves are very impressive. After less than half a year of mining, it was declared cold.

Not to mention making money, even the cost was not recovered. For a time, there was a lot of uproar in the African aristocratic circle.

To paraphrase a newspaper headline, it was "A Territory Deep in the Jungle." After many years of isolation, it was not until the end of the European War and when the feudal nobles filled the sky that Ortenberg welcomed its current neighbor.

Of course, being remote also has its benefits. After other people's titles were promoted, their territories were scattered here and there.

If you want to gather them together, you must find ways to find someone to replace them. As long as one family disagrees, it's all over.

Viscount Outlet doesn't have this kind of trouble. In the past, the surrounding area was all unclaimed land, so he could just block it and come here.

Not only is the territory concentrated, but the area is also very large. If in an economically developed coastal area, the viscounty territory could reach half its current area, it would be God's blessing.

Whether it is a loss or an advantage, I am afraid no one will be able to figure it out for a while.

The issue of share distribution has been discussed many times. For many days in a row, Viscount Outlet's wireless telegraph machine kept beeping as if on steroids.

This was a by-product of the war. Breakthroughs in radio technology during the later stages of the European War enabled communication hundreds of kilometers away. The war ended just a few days after the army was equipped.

In order to strengthen control over the African continent and not to waste resources. After the great disarmament, Franz distributed the surplus radio stations as bounties to meritorious officials.

Perhaps because there was no need to pay communication fees for radio stations, this thing quickly became a tool for nobles to discuss, chat, and brag.

Putting down the telegram in his hand, Viscount Outles gave up his thoughts on starting the railway construction immediately. Share allocation is only one aspect. The key is that financing is now difficult.

There was no other way. After the workers were obtained, so many people paid attention to the railway. They all rushed to apply for loans, and the Royal Bank was also worried.

Unless the economic crisis ends and the financial community of the Holy Roman Empire takes action together, no one will be able to raise funds for the construction of hundreds of thousands of kilometers of railways.

Even the start-up capital is an astronomical amount.

Just because there is no way to build the railway does not mean that it will not be built. No agreement is needed, everyone is doing the preparation work, and some people have even started construction.

After all, how the shares of the railway company are allocated is mainly related to later operations, and at most it involves partial series construction.

The specific railway construction must be in whose territory the road is, and who is responsible for paying for the construction. Don't expect to take advantage.

There is no need to worry about anyone causing trouble. The Constitution has stipulated that all citizens must support infrastructure construction, and noble lords are no exception.

If a dispute occurs, the Governor's Office will intervene to mediate. The problem that really needs everyone to solve is money.

Knocking on the table, Viscount Outlet told the political officer: "Don't stop road construction. The railway investment is too big and we won't be able to raise enough funds for a while. Then build the roads first.

With the current income of the territory, Coupled with bank loans, it shouldn't be a big problem to support it for a year. When the economic crisis passes, the funding problem will be solved."

It can be seen that Viscount Outlet is very conflicted.

On the one hand, they want the economic crisis to last longer so that they can attract immigrants from the mainland; on the other hand, they want the economic crisis to end soon so that it will be easier to obtain more bank loans.

Who makes Royal Bank's construction loan interest rates low?

An annual interest rate of only 2 points is equivalent to no interest. You must know that the handling fee for ordinary commercial bank loans is more than two points.

In fact, the conditions in Ortenberg are pretty good. Although it is a bit remote, the land is fertile and the water resources are relatively abundant.

Colleagues in the interior of North and East Africa are even more miserable. Now they are busy building reservoirs, and they have no time to think about railways.

According to the African construction goals released by the Vienna government, in order to solve the problem of insufficient water resources, as many as 180,000 reservoirs are planned to be built.

There is also a reservoir plan including Ortenberg. If Viscount Outlet wants to build a power station, the reservoir is an essential project.

But that is a problem for the future, and there is no need to think about it so much right now. Anyway, with such a small population, it would be good to use gas lamps and oil lamps. The one that currently needs electricity is the Lord's Mansion.

"Okay, Your Majesty the Viscount. Just with the arrival of the workers, the balance of men and women in the territory has been completely broken.

If no measures are taken, there will be many public security disputes in the future, which is likely to affect the morale of the people in the territory."

Political Officer Martin reminded.

Workers are also ordinary people. As long as a human being has seven emotions and six desires, the ratio of men to women is seriously imbalanced, and problems are inevitable.

Rubbing his forehead, Viscount Outles fell into deep thought. After a while, he slowly said: "Then we must first strengthen the management of labor and adopt a completely closed military management.

It is said that there are also female workers in this labor dispatch. I will mobilize domestic relations and find a way to recruit a group of workers. "

It's not that Viscount Outlets deliberately ignores the imbalance of the male-female ratio. The main reason is that infrastructure construction is strenuous work, so male workers with stronger physical strength are naturally preferred.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1018 Passive Compromise

With the continuous expansion of labor dispatch, the unemployment wave has been effectively contained, social security has gradually improved, and the situation on the European continent has gradually stabilized.

Facts have proved once again: the problem cannot be solved, and neither can the person who solves the problem.

Everything is developing for the better. With this result, except for careerists, all walks of life are very satisfied.

Only the Japanese were dissatisfied. The stabilization of the situation in Europe shattered all their illusions. The hope that Spain would explode was in vain.

Not only was Spain unable to explode, but there were signs of explosions in Japan.

The "Mi Sao Movement" has spread from Tokyo to the whole country, with millions of people participating in this "rice grabbing" movement.

Although the Japanese government decisively sent troops to suppress the situation and brought the situation under control, bloodshed could not stop hunger.

As long as people's stomach problems cannot be solved, the "Misao Movement" cannot really stop.

It's not that the Japanese government hasn't made efforts to this end. The problem is that the European Union's economic blockade has really begun. The Spanish pretended to be powerful, and under the banner of the alliance, they went around to arrest the " Tongri Merchant Ship".

In order to frighten the capitalists, the Spaniards even created a blacklist of collaborators. No matter which country's merchant ship it is, as long as it is confirmed to be transporting supplies to the Japanese government, it will be blacklisted.

This is not just a moment of anger, but is really recorded in a small notebook. In the future, when sailing on the sea, forget it if you don't encounter the Spanish navy. If you do, just wait for it to be published in the newspapers!

The mystery of sea storms, pirates, and the disappearance of the Devil Sea can all be arranged. These routines were learned by the Spaniards as early as when Britain and Spain were fighting for maritime hegemony.

Although a profit of 300% can encourage capitalists to risk beheading and commit any crime, the Japanese government must also be able to provide a profit of 300%.

Other supplies are just that, food is a bulk commodity. If we really give 300% profit, even if the food is shipped in, the Japanese people will not be able to afford it!

In this context, continuing to delay is obviously not a good choice. Especially as the final withdrawal time given by the Continental Alliance is getting closer, Hirobumi Ito is under greater pressure.

The bottom line is always used to break through.

At first, the Tokyo government wanted to leave a few small islands in Nanyang, but it was a waste of time.

Later it was discovered that this was not possible, and the hatred between Japan and the West had grown stronger. Even if a few small islands are left behind, once the main force of the Japanese army withdraws, there is no hope that they can be saved.

Unable to cede territory, the Japanese government sets its sights on demanding compensation, namely: redemption fees.

Unfortunately, the Spaniards are also very poor. We can't expect them to lend money to the Japanese as redemption fees, right?

Even if the Madrid government is willing to compromise, the Vienna government, as the behind-the-scenes benefactor, is unwilling to lend the money.

The bottom line is, there's a difference between once and countless times. As long as you break through the first time, you can continue to break through later.

By now, Ito Hirobumi no longer expects to ask for compensation. As long as the Spaniards don't cause trouble, it will be fine if they can transport the looted wealth back smoothly.

The Philippine Islands are a rich land. The wealth that the Japanese army plundered on the islands may not be able to cover the cost of the war, but there is still hope of filling half of the holes.

There is no guarantee that at least the domestic food crisis can be overcome safely. As for what the people on the island will eat after everything is plundered, that is not within their scope of consideration.

The closer the critical moment is, the more intense the smell of gunpowder will be on the negotiation table. Every concession is accompanied by a massive loss of benefits, which neither Japan nor Spain is willing to accept.

As for the countries participating in the mediation, although they have stated their respective positions, they still want to save face. It is only if some of the mediators are biased. If they just go out and participate in the fight, they will be disadvantaged .

The Japanese-Spanish War did not involve many national interests. Helping Spain was more out of political needs. It was impossible for everyone to give their best.

You get what you pay for, and the benefits Spain can offer are just enough for everyone to help wave the flag.

The ability to force Japan to abandon the Philippine Islands was the result of the mediation of the Vienna government. If you want to obtain more benefits, you can only fight for it yourself.

Britain's attitude is similar. Just keep Japan, its nominal brother, from being killed. As for other details, it has nothing to do with the London government.

In a sense, it is very interesting for Britain to be able to do this.

The British government led Japan southward to relieve the pressure on the French. The Austrian Southeast Asia they had to deal with did not allow the Japanese to invade the Philippines.

Despite the established fact, the British government acquiesced to this result. But making one's own decision means making one's own decision. Although the British did not say anything, they must be dissatisfied.

In a sense, the Japanese government's self-assertion also disrupted Britain's strategic deployment.

If the Japanese army hadn't gone south to invade the Philippines, Spain would not have made up its mind to join the anti-French alliance; without Spain joining, the anti-French alliance's strategy of siege on all sides would not have been successful.

Without the convergence of strategic trends, Napoleon IV would not have despaired, nor would he have hurriedly shirked the blame and ran away.

If Napoleon IV had not escaped, France would not have surrendered so quickly.

If the French choose to fight to the end, even if they cannot make a comeback, it can still drag on for a year and a half.

A year and a half may not seem like a long time, but I can do a lot of things. If the French had not surrendered too quickly, the British government would not have been passive after the war.

Although this inference is somewhat idealistic, some people can't help but think so. At least there were similar reports in London newspapers.

… Ito Hirobumi said seriously: "If your country continues to attack our fleet, then we will not be able to guarantee the orderly handover, and all the consequences will be borne by your country."

Showdown.

The biggest bargaining chip the Japanese government has now is that the Japanese army occupies most of the Philippine Islands.

If Spain wants to obtain a relatively complete Philippines, the cooperation of the Japanese is indispensable.

Destruction is always easier than construction. If the Japanese army is allowed to play freely, even if Spain recaptures the Philippine Islands, it will be a blank slate.

Regardless of infrastructure, the hundreds of thousands of Hispanic hostages in the hands of the Japanese army alone were enough to make the Spanish government take action.

With the European countries watching from the side, the Japanese naturally did not dare to engage in massacre directly. Just because they don't dare to do the massacre themselves doesn't mean they can't do anything evil.

The Japanese could be suppressed by the power of the Continental Alliance, but they could not scare the indigenous tribes who had lived in the jungle for many years.

The ignorant are fearless. As long as the Japanese are provocative and deceitful, they can use the hands of the natives to engage in mass murder.

As long as its hands and feet are clean and it removes itself from the massacre, the Japanese government can escape unscathed.

To put it bluntly, the Continental Alliance is still unwilling to launch a war for the interests of Spain, which is not in everyone's interests. As long as the face is acceptable, no one will dig into it.

There is another underlying reason that cannot be investigated, and that is: when it comes to colonial issues, the hands and feet of all countries are not very clean.

Regardless of whether the person who died was indigenous or Hispanic, it made no essential difference to all European countries.

Based on Spain's current situation, it is obvious that it cannot withstand such a torment. If more than two hundred years of painstaking efforts were destroyed, it would be very difficult to regain control of the Philippine Islands.

Once the indigenous hands are filled with Hispanic blood, there will be no room for relaxation between the two sides. Even if it is just to give an explanation to the people, the Spanish government must retaliate.

As the killings continue, the Philippine Islands, which originally contributed millions of Aegis income to the Spanish government every year, have become a heavy economic burden.

Not only the government finances can't bear it, but also the Spanish aristocrats who have been cut off from their financial resources.

Of course, if a massacre really happened, the Japanese government would not be able to live well.

Not only will it form a deadly feud with Spain, but even its newly improved international image will be destroyed. The reputation of "cruel" and "barbaric" will make them "die alone" in politics.

Including the current old Great Britain, they will abandon them without hesitation. No country in the European world would deal with them, at least in the short term.

In a sense, this is another big gamble. Ito Hirobumi bet on the future national destiny of the two countries, betting that the Spanish government would give in.

"This is impossible!"

"There has never been a reason why the owner cannot stop a robber from snatching things from his own home. Every cargo shipped by your country now is our wealth.

As a sovereign country, the great Spain will never tolerate it. National sovereignty has been trampled on in this way, and we will not accept this threat.

Likewise, righteous people around the world will not tolerate this kind of thing."

You can hear from Federico's slightly trembling voice that his heart is at this moment Not peaceful.

The Japanese government is crazy and dares to take a gamble; but the Spanish government is very normal and it is impossible for the country to take such a big risk.

At least the aristocrats and capitalists who are vested interests will not allow this to happen.

Federico, who lacks confidence, can only continue to tease the European Union. It is hoped that the intervention of the alliance countries will prevent the Japanese from taking risks.

"Your Majesty, you misunderstood. I was just stating the facts and did not mean to threaten you.

Our military strength is limited. We have to guard against your country's sneak attacks and also divide our forces to maintain the security of the island. It is really beyond our capabilities.

Especially your country's The navy continues to attack our merchant ships, causing prices on the island to soar, and social order is collapsing.

As for plundering your country's wealth, that is completely nonsense. We are only transporting our own luggage and supplies, and are not touching your country every cent.

Your country's attacks have seriously affected the evacuation progress of our troops and the peace and stability of the world.

For the safety of the people on the island, for the traditional friendship between the two countries, and for the early elimination of misunderstandings. Out of humanity I am reminding you because of political considerations."

Ito Hirobumi, who has entered the state, is obviously not an easy master to deal with. Using the art of sophistry, the Japanese government was completely stripped of its responsibilities.

In his words, the war of aggression identified by the international community turned into an understatement of misunderstanding; the blatant plunder of wealth turned into a withdrawal action in response to the European Union; and the naked threat turned into friendship between the two countries.

This kind of friendship is probably something no normal person can bear. However, Ito Hirobumi still said it without changing his face.

British representative Claus: "We are sitting here today just to solve the problem. The core of the Philippine War is actually the ownership of the Philippine Islands. Now that the ownership of the Philippine Islands has been agreed upon, the remaining disputes are just details. Small things.

In order to better advance the negotiation process and avoid another conflict, I propose that both parties sign a comprehensive ceasefire agreement first."

I have to admit that the charm of the pound is great. Even as the British consul, Klaus still "broke his waist for half a million buckets of rice."

Being thick-skinned does not mean you can solve the problem. Aggressive sophistry can certainly gain the upper hand in a debate, but this is not a debate competition.

While Ito Hirobumi suppressed the momentum of Spanish representatives, he also aroused dissatisfaction among representatives from European countries.

If there had been a massacre, we would have turned a blind eye, but you can't tell. Even just hinting is not enough, we don't want to lose face!

"There are only interests between countries" is not necessarily correct. The government of the dominant country is composed of people, and people not only have rationality but also sensibility.

If the excitement goes too far and the representatives of various countries become emotional, the Japanese government will be doomed. From this perspective, Ito Hirobumi is playing with fire at this time.

In this context, Krause's statement is extremely valuable. We clearly told the representatives of various countries: We have made concessions, the Philippine Islands belong to Spain, and you can go back to deliver business.

As for the details, that is a matter for Japan and Spain. It won't affect your interests, just give me some face and stop messing around.

Coupled with the heavy gifts sent by the Japanese government before, it becomes even more convincing.

Although it is said that "you eat at home, you eat at home", but you still have to do things. I don't ask for your support, it's okay to be distracted at critical moments!

Seeing Federico's look for help, Governor Chandler frowned and said slowly: "There is no problem in signing the armistice treaty. However, Sir Federico raised the issue of the Japanese army's alleged plunder of wealth, so we must be on guard.

I don't think so. Limit the number of ships sailing every day, and then send representatives from everyone to form a supervision group to ensure that vicious wealth plundering really occurs."

There is no way, the Spaniards are not confident enough and dare not go to the gambling table like the Japanese. With all his hopes pinned on HRE's intervention, Governor Chandler naturally had no choice but to propose a compromise.

Otherwise, Shinra cannot come forward to guarantee Spain. The Japanese government must not dare to fight to the death, right?

This is not how international politics works. If you don't work hard for it yourself, don't expect others to help you fight for it.

If the Spanish government is really courageous, it will bet that the Japanese government will not dare to move at the expense of hundreds of thousands of lives on the island and the ruins of the Philippine Islands.

If you win, you will gain blood. If you lose, you will suffer financially, but you will gain strategically.

Even if the Philippine Islands are destroyed, Spain will only suffer heavy economic losses. Anyway, the economic crisis has broken out, no matter how bad it is, it can't be much worse.

In exchange for Japan, the enemy, being ostracized by the international community and possibly even declining, Spain would not lose anything strategically.

A country that is uncompromising and dares to fight tooth and nail to defend its own interests can definitely make people think highly of it. It can also deter other countries with ambitions for Spanish colonies.

It's a pity that Spaniards don't dare to gamble. No matter how good the reasons are, the end result is the same.

In the short term, this compromise may be more beneficial to Spain; but in the long term, this compromise has shaken the Spanish Empire's status as a great power.

The great powers are at the bottom, and they are also great powers. Relying on its status as a great power, Spain was able to thrive in international activities.

Once it loses its status as a great power, it is unknown whether it can maintain its colonial empire. Unlike the Netherlands and Portugal, which could maintain their colonial empires through diplomacy, the countries that peeked at Spanish colonies were not in Europe.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1019: Only care about the railways we once owned

On November 11, 1894, under the witness of European countries, representatives of Japan and Spain signed an armistice agreement. The battle for colonies surrounding the Philippine Islands has officially come to an end.

Franz was too lazy to read the contents of the treaty. It is expected that the Spanish government will make concessions. When barefoot meets one wearing shoes, the outcome is doomed from the beginning.

When it comes to gambling, few countries in modern times can match Japan. There are many countries that dare to take the gambling table, but few can land safely.

I have to admit that the Japanese were very lucky. They cheated the original time and space all the way to World War II, and it was not until their ambitions finally burst that the game collapsed.

In fact, the Japanese are not very lucky now.

Before the European War came to an end, they went south together with Britain and France; after going south, they joined forces with Britain and France, and instead of attacking Austrian Southeast Asia, they went to invade the Philippines.

This series of tricks offended the four countries of Britain, France, Ossia and Western Europe. Including the Russians who had been offended before, the five major European powers are all ready.

Under normal circumstances, even if the Japanese government does not have grass growing on its grave, it is at least dying.

However, the Japanese government is still good. Not only did he get off the gambling table safely, but he also gained the reputation of "drawing peace" with the great powers, greatly improving his international status.

However, while reaping all this, Japan has also plunged itself into an extremely embarrassing situation.

Old Great Britain, because of its support in this mediation, the friendship between the two parties has been exhausted.

The Anglo-Japanese alliance has come to an end. If you want to take advantage of this tiger's skin in the future, it will depend on the mood of the London government.

Needless to say about Shinra, it is estimated that the relationship between the two parties will not be better before Franz abdicates.

Of course, there are not many places where the interests of the two countries are intertwined. Even if the Japanese government bullies the possibility and fears the strong, the conflict is very small, and the diplomatic relations between the two countries are not much worse.

Spain is undoubtedly Japan's mortal enemy. With the hatred forged in the Philippines campaign, whenever Japan is in crisis, Spain will certainly not mind adding insult to injury.

It can be said that Japanese merchant ships must be cautious when doing business in Southeast Asia. It is best to fly another national flag, otherwise the chance of encountering wind, waves and pirates will be very high.

There are enemies in the south, and it's not easy either in the north. Just ten days ago, Alexander III had gone to see God, and the Russian Empire officially entered the era of Nicholas II.

Just based on those two scars, Nicholas II also had the motive to kill Japan.

The only good news is that the strategic focus of the tsarist government is still in India. It is impossible to move eastward for a while, and it will not confront Japan in the short term.

Fortunately France is finished, otherwise Japan would have one more enemy. You must know that in order to win Japan over to the south, the French government also spent a lot of money.

In the end, not only did he win over the Japanese "ally", but he also accelerated Spain's participation in the war, completely cheating his teammate King.

With enemies in the north and south, if Japan cannot develop as soon as possible, the end will come sooner or later.

Even if Ito Hirobumi reaches the full level of diplomatic talent and repairs the relationship between Britain and Japan for the first time, there is no hope.

The current international situation is very obvious. Due to maritime hegemony, Britain and HRE will restrain each other for a long time in the future.

Franz expressed his great expectations for whether the Japanese would be able to keep good luck with them and realize their imperial dream of "punching the Nanshan duck and kicking the North Sea furry bear".

The boring career of an emperor also requires supplements. I don't know when it started, but watching the rivalry between various countries became one of Franz's hobbies.

Just like this time, casual digging of holes shattered the "great power dream" of Spain during the anti-French war, and also gave the Japanese a slap in the face.

The so-called "Plan to Support Spain and Contain HRE" will probably remain dormant in the British archives until one day it is disposed of when clearing out waste paper.

The most important thing is that Franz has done so much and gained so much. Not only did it not attract hatred, but it also established a good international image in the hearts of the younger brothers.

A boss who protects the interests of his younger brothers and can take charge at critical moments is always easy to gain support.

As for Spain's tragedy, it was entirely caused by their own lack of strength. The Vienna government has done everything it can.

The failure to defeat the Japanese can only be blamed on the inability of the own army. You haven't even done anything to the Japanese, so you still have the nerve to call yourself a great power?

Even if Spain performed poorly on the battlefield, the Vienna government still took action to help clean up the aftermath.

First they were mercenaries, and then they pulled the Continental Alliance to intervene, forcing the Japanese government to spit out the Philippine Islands.

There are very few bosses who can do this in the entire history of mankind, and they really can't find a niche.

As for offending the Japanese, it doesn't matter at all. It is known to everyone that the Vienna government wants to retaliate against Japan for colluding with France during the European War.

It is not easy to pass the test so easily. Until the balance of strength between the two sides changes fundamentally, the Japanese can only feel lucky.

Franz was more concerned about regime change in Russia than the ended Philippine War. But judging from the historical evaluation of the original time and space, Nicholas II was a stick.

There are few emperors in the entire human history who can cause thousands of casualties due to crowding and stampede during the "coronation" event.

After such a major event, he did not immediately hold the relevant personnel accountable, but continued to hold a celebration banquet. I have to admit that Nicholas II's heart was really strong.

But things haven't happened yet. The butterfly effect I created is so powerful. Who knows whether Nicholas II will change?

Judging from the current situation, Russia-Austria friendship is still the mainstream of the times.

Not only had he succeeded to the throne, Nicholas II had married Alix, the daughter of Ludwig IV, the Grand Duke of Hesse-Darmstadt.

(After marriage, she changed her name to Alexandra Fedorovna)

At this point, the famous "Four Princesses of Hesse" have all appeared on the stage of history.

If it had followed the pace of the original time and space, the tsarist government led by Nicholas II would have messed up the economy internally, wavered in its external strategic focus, and finally got itself involved.

Now that the Russian army is still stationed on the outskirts of Paris, it is stirring up hatred for the French people on behalf of the Tsarist government. Naturally, the Franco-Russian Entente cannot come out.

However, no one can answer the question whether the tsarist government's southward strategy can continue.

If the Russians don't poke the British in the Indian butt, then Shinra will have to fight in person in the next struggle for hegemony.

Obviously, this is not what Franz wants to see. If you don't use the ready-made chess pieces and go out in person to make things happen, is that all you are thinking?

According to the previous plan, it was only necessary to support the Russian expansion into India and have an Anglo-Russian war every now and then to continuously consume the British national power.

It is much easier to fight against the lobster soldiers on land than against the Royal Navy at sea.

As for the question of the Russians seizing India and becoming bigger, Franz just laughed quietly. Painting a cake is painting a cake. Do you really think the British are just soft persimmons?

If you refer to the original time and space, you will know that if the situation is really urgent, the lobster soldiers can also reach millions.

It's not that Franz looked down on the Russians. The problem was that due to transportation constraints, the Tsarist government simply did not have the ability to invest millions of troops in India.

Even if the Central Asian Railway is built, the carrying capacity of the railway is limited, and it will be very difficult to support the logistics of 1.8 million troops.

Without the numerical advantage, the gray animals are not as powerful. With the British Army as the core and countless Indian cannon fodder, anyone who takes it will feel numb.

It doesn't matter if you fail. The biggest advantage of furry bears is that they are durable and durable. As long as you can gain something and see hope, that's enough.

There is no guarantee that the Russian army will still have the strength to seize the remaining areas of Afghanistan from the British army.

The problem now is that the Central Asian railway is not connected, and Nicholas II does not look like a patient Lord. If you are fooled by someone, you may cause trouble again.

After pondering for a long time, Franz said slowly: "Speed ​​up the construction progress of the Central Asia Railway. It must be opened before 1900. If necessary, it is allowed to increase the construction cost, or even sacrifice the service life of the railway. The bottom line is to ensure If there is no major problem within ten years, it will be usable within twenty years with repairs."

There is no clear definition of the service life of railways. Some railways from the 18th century have been repaired and can be used normally in the 21st century.

Under normal circumstances, the theoretical service life of railway design starts from a hundred years. Of course, repairs and modifications along the way are definitely inevitable.

However, this is a technical standard for building your own railway, and it is not necessary to put it on the Central Asia Railway.

Don't ask why there is a problem, ask it is improper subsequent maintenance.

This statement is very convincing. Railways in Russia are undergoing major repairs every now and then. Compared with the fact that there will be no major problems in ten years, repairing the Central Asia Railway in twenty years is indeed a conscientious project.

In fact, longevity issues mainly focus on bridges and tunnels. There are basically no major accidents on ordinary road sections. At most, there are occasional landslides, but those are the force majeure of nature.

In order to ensure that the tsarist government's southward strategy remained unchanged, Franz had to order a deadline, and he did not hesitate to lower his "morality" for this purpose.

A service life of more than ten or twenty years is probably enough. It's not like the Russians are really allowed to annex India. In such a long time, they can provoke two or three Anglo-Russian wars.

Britain, which was caught in a struggle for land power and sea power at the same time, would not be able to survive for long. Such a long time has been enough for Shinra to replace him.

"It doesn't matter if it lasts forever, it only matters what you once had."

It just fits right here.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1020 Sino-Japanese War

In the blink of an eye, 1894 has come to an end. The Vienna government, which had been in deficit for a long time, finally got rid of its fiscal deficit this year.

What is embarrassing is that the main reason for the Vienna government to get out of the fiscal deficit: not the increase in tax revenue due to economic development, but the excessive issuance of currency.

With the joint endorsement of the European Continental Alliance, the Vienna government issued an excess of 1.2 billion Aegis, which is now slowly flowing into the market.

Although the money has to be shared with everyone, the Vienna government still gets the lion's share. Preliminary estimates show that after deducting printing costs and profit sharing, the seigniorage revenue belonging to the Vienna government is still as high as 780 million.

The fiscal revenue in a year is higher than in normal times. If it still can't turn a profit into a loss, then it really doesn't make sense.

The alliance's endorsement only stabilizes the value of the Aegis currency, but the negative impact of excessive currency issuance still exists.

According to statistics from the Vienna government, the domestic inflation rate will be as high as 3 points this year. This is the result of not all the excess currency flowing out, otherwise inflation will become even more severe.

If we leave it to the credit-standard era in later generations, an inflation rate of three points will not matter at all, and inflation of seven or eight points will occur from time to time.

Inflation is happening all over the world, and the absence of inflation is news. There are even countries with more than double digits that have maintained double-digit inflation rates for many years.

But things are different now. In the gold standard era, the inflation rate was minimal. Except for a wave of inflation caused by the massive influx of gold and silver in the 16th and 17th centuries, after entering the industrial era, there were few major inflations.

The inflation rate of 3 points has made the Vienna government nervous, fearing that it will cause a market collapse.

For the national economy, inflation increases the cost of industrial production and is obviously not conducive to the export of industrial products.

If it weren't for the fact that the Vienna government lent a large amount of Aegis and was restricted in the amount of money spent in HRE, it would have backfired on the export industry.

There are pros and cons, and if you take such a big risk, there will naturally be corresponding benefits.

With this additional revenue, the Vienna government not only made up for its financial deficit, but also launched a circular railway plan and also paid off part of its government debt.

The most important thing is to suppress the revolutionary wave, curb the economic crisis from expanding, stabilize the situation in Europe, and secure the position of European hegemony.

Just look at this year's report. The economic crisis broke out at the beginning of the year, resulting in the largest economic decline since Franz succeeded to the throne.

In the first quarter, the economic crisis began, with GDP falling 8.7% year-on-year. In the second quarter, the economic situation further deteriorated, with GDP falling 12.8% year-on-year. In the In the third quarter, the measures taken by the government began to take effect, and the economy showed signs of improvement. There has been a certain improvement, but GDP is still down 10.8% compared with the same period last year.

In the fourth quarter, European countries reached an agreement to jointly launch a "water release" rescue plan, but compared with the same period last year, GDP is still down 5.1%.

On an annual basis, HRE's economy declined by 8.93% in 1894. Finally, it did not break through 10 points, and the number of falling points controlled single digits.

Unfortunately, the situation is more serious than that. The above data includes the already localized African territories into the calculation, diluting the decline.

If it weren't for the aristocratic lords in Africa who were desperately engaged in construction, maintaining rapid economic growth and boosting economic data, the economic data of HRE in 1894 would have been extremely touching.

In parts of Europe alone, the GDP growth rate is definitely double digits, but unfortunately it is negative. The specific data is -13.7%, which is simply appalling.

There is no way, this is the sequelae of war. If the government does not take timely response measures, this number may even double directly.

Shinra, a country with a great family and great business, is in such miserable conditions now, and other countries are naturally not much better.

Needless to say, France was defeated, and the sequelae of the war continued. Compared with before the war, it was cut in half and then cut in half, and then it was 20% off.

Not to mention repaying debts, it is good to be able to cover the government's daily expenses. So much so that since Carlos took office, he has been fighting corruption until now.

According to the estimates of the Vienna government, Armenia suffered the least losses in the economic crisis of 1894 and maintained positive economic growth, although the economic growth rate of agricultural countries was comparable to a snail.

Even Montenegro, an agricultural country, was not able to escape. Although there was no economic crisis, the economy was severely affected by HRE.

The HRE economy is in recession, and Montenegro's import and export trade has also been greatly affected. Because exports do not account for a large proportion, the economy has only declined slightly. It is initially estimated that the decline will not exceed 1 percentage point.

Followed by the Nordic Federation and the Netherlands, which made a fortune from the war, and their own financial resources are not weak, they are far less affected by the economic crisis than other countries.

However, the economies of the two countries are too closely connected with Europe. If a serious economic crisis breaks out in Europe, they can only follow the crisis.

Affected by the economic crisis, even if the GDP decline is not 10 points, it is still indispensable to decline by 89 points. It looks similar to Shinra's whitewashed data.

And then there's the Russian Empire. There is no doubt that the Russians were dragged down by HRE.

The economic ties between the two countries were too close, an economic crisis broke out in HRE, and the Russians' industrial raw materials also became unsaleable. Stock market crashes, layoffs, and bankruptcies are also inevitable.

If this is all, it can only be regarded as a drizzle of economic pain. Unfortunately, revolutions broke out in Poland and Bulgaria, and guerrillas in Central Asia also joined in the fun.

If the Tsarist government had taken the right economic measures in time, perhaps the situation would not have been so serious, but unfortunately they did nothing.

All the factors were added together, and in the end the Russians handed over a slightly better answer than the domestic HRE, and a drop of seven or eight points was indispensable.

Of course, these are only estimates by the Vienna government. The Tsarist government itself does not keep statistics, so it is even harder for outsiders to figure it out.

Except for those who suffered relatively minor losses, the economic decline and growth of all the others were negative double digits.

Even Britain, which has a big business, is no exception. As a financial empire, banks and the financial industry account for an important proportion in the national economy.

Because the crisis was artificially delayed, the market bubble further expanded. Among them, the most inflated one is the stock market, so after the economic crisis broke out, Shinra and Britain directly became bad brothers.

A post-war industrial imbalance + stock market bubble triggered a national economic crisis; a super-large stock market bubble caused a crisis in the financial industry, and finally turned into an economic crisis.

Franz could not determine the exact extent of the damage, but there must be more than a dozen points. Otherwise, I'm sorry, it is called "the greatest economic crisis in human history".

Compared with the tragic economic crisis, small inflation is nothing. But as the economic situation improves, this kind of inflation becomes an eyesore.

Regardless of the fact that European countries are bearing the losses together with HRE, the impact will not be significant in the short term, but HRE is still a superpower.

As overseas trade continues, the loans extended will continue to flow back to the Shinra Empire. If no countermeasures are taken, HRE will be plagued by inflation in the next few years.

In this context, once the economic crisis is over, the Vienna government has only two options: either lend money out again; or adopt a tightening monetary policy.

After experiencing it personally, Franz suddenly understood why Americans were so crazy about throwing money at the outside world after the two world wars.

There is a serious excess of capital. If the money is not spread out, inflation will occur in the country.

Similar troubles seem to have plagued the British for many years. But Franz didn't expect that it would be his turn so soon.

In a sense, Franz was able to reunify the HRE Empire and benefit from the British's excess capital.

If the British had no place to spend their money, Austria would not have been able to complete industrialization in a short period of time. Including infrastructure construction, British capital has also made great efforts.

Of course, British capital is not at a loss either. Except for a few times when they were set up by Franz and accidentally jumped into the pit, other times they made a lot of money.

The only one losing money is probably the British government. For the sake of profit, capitalists invest and lend heavily overseas, and as a result, they create a competitor for themselves.

History seems to have returned to its starting point. The rapid development of the United States in the original time and space also benefited from the contribution of British capital.

Not only that, it seems that British capital also made great efforts in the rise of Prussia. Without financial backers like them, how would the impoverished Berlin government get the money to do things?

If you look at it from this aspect, London bankers are the gravediggers of the British Empire.

Without their help, competitors would certainly not be growing as fast. Britain may still lose its hegemony, but it will certainly not decline as quickly.

"The master who remembers the past does not forget the aftermath." With such a tragic example, Franz couldn't even think about it without being cautious.

...

One wave has not subsided, and another wave has arisen.

Just when Franz was thinking about future development, the Japanese, who had just hit a wall in the Philippine Islands and were forced to evacuate, caused trouble again.

While his neighbor was napping, he launched a sneak attack and directly crippled the Beiyang Navy. Immediately afterwards, the Japanese army launched a landing operation with lightning speed.

Regardless of whether the Far Eastern Empire has woken up from its confusion, the enemy has already arrived. Although the Japanese troops were still on the Korean Peninsula, the war had already broken out.

This was not over yet, the Far East was plunged into war, and the Americas were also plunged into turmoil.

The back-up tactics launched by the British finally began to work, setting off an independence movement in Cuba.

Spain, which had just ended the Philippine War and had not had time to breathe, was also forced into a new war.

It's just a little bit closer, and we're almost there. I wonder if the Japanese government, which has just given up on the Philippine Islands, is feeling upset at the moment and wishes it could just hold on a little longer.

Of course, what the Japanese government thinks no longer matters. A new war is waiting for them. Besides, even if they want to make a U-turn, the international situation will not allow it!

The Continental Alliance forced the palace together, and the scene was really scary. The Japanese government would never want to experience the same scene again.

No one knows whether the Japanese government regrets it. Anyway, the Spanish government definitely wants to cry now. The independence movement broke out in Cuba at this time, which directly hit their weakness.

Just after the Philippine War, the Spanish government was at its poorest. The Spanish government has not even raised the money to rebuild the colonial government, and another important financial resource has problems.

The once empire on which the sun never sets has fallen. Although the Philippines and Cuba were not Spain's only colonies, they were the richest colonies in their hands.

Losing any one of them would be a serious blow to Spain. It is not only a severe economic blow, but also a fatal political crisis.

Having just been disgraced by the Japanese in Nanyang, this was the time when domestic nationalists were at their most vigorous.

If it hadn't been for the help of the Continental Alliance to successfully regain the Philippine Islands and appease the domestic people with victory, the days of peace would have been long gone.

By this time, the Kingdom of Spain could no longer afford any defeat. Any failure would destroy their shaky status as a great power and even trigger a revolution.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1021: Robert Goes with the Flow

The Cuban rebellion was started by the British. Even the Vienna government, which was not very careful, could find out. Naturally, it was impossible for the Spaniards not to know about it.

However, the matter has come to this, and apart from scolding the British for their inaction, the Spanish government can do nothing.

This is the rule of the game. Even if you are going to "protest", you must first produce evidence.

The British are experienced in this kind of thing, so how could they possibly leave obvious evidence to teach others about it?

It is not a big problem if there is no evidence. As long as it is determined that the British did it, the Spaniards can secretly retaliate and go back.

With no evidence and no strength, you can only suffer the loss of being dumb.

Obviously, this is not what the Spanish government is willing to accept. In order to seek help from the international community and put diplomatic pressure on the British, Spanish diplomats were busy again.

...

"The Spaniards are asking for help again!"

Franz frowned.

In a sense, the exchanges between countries are similar to the exchanges among people. Only friends who have frequent contacts and can bring benefits to each other can the relationship be good in the long term.

It's purely one-sided help. I guess many people were happy to help the first time, but they felt bored the second time, and by the third time it was almost useless.

All favors can be exhausted, let alone between countries.

In the previous Philippine War, the Vienna government made great efforts, far exceeding its previous commitments to the Spanish government.

The reward did not come, but the Spanish government came to rescue him again. You can imagine how Franz felt.

"Yes, Your Majesty!"

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "The situation facing the Spanish government is very bad. Because of the war, the Spanish government's finances have reached the edge of bankruptcy.

It was difficult to recover the Philippine Islands, and then encountered the Cuban rebellion. What's worse is that behind the Cuban independence movement, the shadow of the British appears.

Spain has no confidence to compete with the British. Apart from providing help to the international community, they have no better choice."

In this world of the jungle, Weakness is the original sin.

Although Spain is also a member of the great powers, parallel imports are parallel imports. After the Philippine War, many countries no longer recognize their status as a great power.

Perhaps the Cuban independence movement was just a casual move by the British government, but the Spaniards did not dare to ignore it.

If you can't resist it yourself, the best choice to offset the pressure from the British is to ask the boss for help.

The Spanish government has enough reason to believe that as long as the European Union intervenes, the British government will give up its support for the Cuban independence organization, just like sitting back and watching Japan give up the Philippine Islands.

"How is the Foreign Ministry preparing to respond?"

Franz asked.

It's not easy to be the boss either. Regardless of whether you are impatient or not, when things happen, you can't shirk the blame.

Just dealing with these troublesome things also requires skills. We must pay attention to protecting the interests of the younger brothers and not let them feel cold; but we must not blindly accommodate them and fall into passivity.

Obviously, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has more experience in this regard. I deal with all kinds of troubles every day, and I already know how to deal with them.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs believes that it can provide limited support to Spain, that is, to ensure that the British will not directly intervene in the Cuban independence movement.

If Spain wants more, then it will use the British to plan the Cuban independence movement. Direct evidence, or to convince the countries in the alliance.

As long as all the European countries agree, we can also have another international intervention." Unlike the Philippine War, the Vienna made a promise during the Anti-French War, and this time the Cuban independence movement is not within the scope of the government agreement. within.

Since there is no agreement, it can only be done "officially". Being able to provide limited support and resist British pressure, the Vienna government has fulfilled its responsibility as the boss.

It would be a joke to send troops to help suppress the rebellion. He can't even handle his own housework, so he has the nerve to show it and embarrass himself.

The colony is not the homeland. According to the current rules of the game, if you can't hold it, you deserve to give up. You can't even get sympathy points.

As for the subsequent international intervention, it is more like a picture of "you can see it, but you can't eat it".

The British are not soft persimmons like Japan.

Facing Japan, an indigenous country with no sense of existence, no European countries had any pressure. Seeing that several major countries in the alliance supported intervention, everyone was happy to give Spain a face.

The British are different. Although Britain has lost its voice in Europe, the Royal Navy still dominates the world.

All countries can personally feel the power of the British. If they want them to support them mentally and condemn them verbally, there is no problem, and no one will be timid with their words.

If we really want everyone to confront the British directly, or even carry out armed intervention, then it will be: "cough, cough, cough". If we are not feeling well, we should take the first step.

Not to mention European countries, even the Vienna government was very afraid of the British.

Unless Spain gets the evidence and has to step forward as the boss, the Vienna government is also unwilling to confront the British over such a trivial matter.

Even if the Spanish government tries its best, there is at best hope, or the only one who may be able to convince is the Russians.

Nicholas II, who had just succeeded to the throne, was trying to do something "big" and he probably wouldn't mind facing off against the British.

There must be a war between Britain and Russia, and it was doomed on the day the Central Asian Railway was constructed.

"The enemy of my enemy is my friend." If Spain had the courage to ally with the Russians against the British, the Tsarist government would definitely vote in favor of the alliance.

Then, there is no more. The Russian navy has limited strength and has no ability to intervene; the tsarist government is extremely poor, and its actual support is close to zero.

After thinking for a while, Franz said slowly: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will arrange for people to receive it normally. By the way, I would like to tell the Spanish Prime Minister that I am on vacation and have no time to see him now."

Obviously, Franz acquiesced to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. practice. Cuba has nothing to do with the Shinra Empire. If Cuba is really destroyed and international sugar prices rise, maybe he can charge more tariffs.

In recent years, the noble lords have not been in vain. Plantations have emerged one after another, and all kinds of cash crops are basically ready.

If you look at the international trade situation, you will know that Shinra has been able to maintain a long-term trade surplus. A large part of the reason is that while exporting industrial and commercial products, it can also be self-sufficient in industrial raw materials.

There is not enough profit motivation, so when it comes to the Cuban issue, Franz is naturally just watching the fun and not taking it too seriously.

From the standpoint of the Vienna government, as long as the British did not personally seize Cuba, the Vienna government could watch the fun.

Cuban independence is not a problem. Anyway, the colonies under the Shinra do not have the basis for a national independence movement.

If there really was a wave of colonial independence, the British would be the ones to have a headache. If they didn't add fuel to the fire, they would be worthy of Spain.

It didn't matter if Spain could suppress the rebellion. The conflict between Britain and Spain added another dimension, which contributed to the growth of international anti-British forces.

By the way, it can also help digest the ammunition inventory. The free ammunition treatment during the Philippine War is history, and now there is a fee.

Don't be afraid if you don't have money.

Shinra has the most professional banking and financial team that specializes in providing emergency loan services to international friends in need of funds.

As long as you have enough collateral, you can borrow as much as you want. For the sake of friendship between the two countries, we can even get the most favorable loan interest rate.

The premise is: you need to specify the purchase of some stock items.

...

London, Downing Street.

"What's going on? Haven't we already terminated the operation?"

Robert Cecil asked dissatisfied.

It is true that the London government supported the Cuban independence movement, but it was based on the fact that the war in the Philippines was still ongoing, and it did so in order to reduce the pressure on the Japanese.

With the mutual compromise between Japan and Spain, the Philippine War ended early, and the belated Cuban independence movement had lost its original value.

As the world's largest colonial empire, instigating national independence movements is not in Britain's interests in the long run.

Although John Bull likes to do things that harm others but not himself, he rarely does things that may harm his own interests in the future.

Therefore, after reaching an agreement in the Philippine negotiations, Robert Cecil decisively ordered the operation to be terminated.

Foreign Secretary Cameron McCarten explained: "Your Excellency Prime Minister, we do not have full control of the Cuban Independence Organization.

In fact, as early as the beginning of the Japan-Spain negotiations, we reduced our support for the independence organization, and we completely controlled it as soon as the negotiations ended. The assistance was terminated.

However, by then they had returned to Cuba to carry out their independence movement, and we had essentially lost control of them.

According to bribed insider reports, there were other international forces involved behind this Cuban independence movement.

The Allied Powers and The United States is all suspected, but they are doing it too secretly, and the Cuban Independence Organization itself does not know who is supporting them."

Cameron McCarten was also helpless. It was really not that he, the foreign minister, had failed in his duties.

The independence movement is not like children's play house. Once it starts, it can be stopped without wanting to stop.

The Spaniards are not fools. No matter how secretive the independent organization's actions are, clues will be revealed over time.

The British don't care, even if they expose the Spanish, they can't do anything to them. The same cannot be said for the Cuban Independence Organization. Even if the top leaders can run away, what about the middle and lower levels?

Once caught by the Spaniards, it will be "taken out of the mud with the carrots attached", and the entire independent organization will suffer a devastating blow.

It has reached the edge of the cliff and it is impossible not to start.

At this time, new international enthusiasts appeared, taking over the role of the British and providing material assistance to independent organizations.

The senior officials of the Cuban independence organization were so worried that they simply went ahead with it. The vigorous Cuban independence movement began.

"Damn American idiots, don't you know they are playing with fire? If you dare to let the empire take the blame, it is simply..."

Obviously, Prime Minister Robert Cecil was furious. Not to mention taking the blame for someone else, the key is that we still don't know who is taking the blame.

Even if the evidence is found now, Robert Cecil will not believe it. Given the relationship between the United States and the Confederate States, it is too common to frame each other.

Ever since the Civil War, there had not been a day when they didn't stab each other. Watching the excitement and eating American food has become a part of British daily life.

I don't know who did it, so the British government will definitely take the blame. Even if Robert Cecil publicly declared that it had nothing to do with them, no one would believe it.

After venting his anger, Prime Minister Robert Cecil calmed down and fell into deep contemplation.

Politics is neither black nor white, only pros and cons.

Even though it knew it had taken the blame, the British government couldn't just let it go when the suspicion couldn't be cleared. Especially in the context of just receiving a note from the Vienna government.

Otherwise, if word spreads, it will become: Britain is afraid of the Holy Roman Empire, and a note will make them abandon the Cuban Independence Organization.

Sometimes rumors can kill people. Even though the relationship between Britain and Austria seems to be good on the surface, in fact, the two countries have engaged in countless secret wars surrounding the struggle for hegemony.

At this critical moment, if Britain shows any signs of weakness, it will trigger a chain reaction in the international community.

The European "backdrops" who were originally forced to side with Shinra due to geographical factors may very well make up their minds and join the winner's side.

If it really happened, then there would be nothing to say. The HRE Empire, which has integrated the European continent, is absolutely invincible. No matter how much Britain struggles, it is useless.

At that time, the British government will have only two options: either take advantage of the fact that European countries still have doubts, strike first, and have a vigorous fight with Shinra; or else obediently give up world hegemony.

Obviously, this was not what Robert Cecil wanted. If we could fight, Britain would have come to an end during the Anti-French War, and it would not have been possible to wait until now.

It is even more impossible to give up world hegemony. If he really backed down from this, he would be beaten to death by the angry "people" before he could leave Downing Street.

"Restore support to the Cuban independence organization. We need to find out who is behind it. I want to know who is so bold and dares to scheme against Britain like this. We will send people to secretly contact the Spanish government. As long as they are willing to withdraw from the European Union, we will stop attacking The support of independent organizations supports them in suppressing the Cuban rebellion.

By the way, I want to knock the Netherlands and Portugal. Recently, they have become so close to Vienna that they have almost forgotten who is the master of the world."

The blame cannot be taken in vain, and the interests are maximized is required. Supporting the Cuban independence movement is indeed easy to attract hatred, but it can also shock people.

You must know that since France's defeat, London has become the base camp of international exile organizations.

Britain can support the independence of the Cuban independence organization today, support the independence of the Indonesian independence organization tomorrow, or change it to the day after tomorrow...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 1022: Hard-working Spain

In Madrid, Antonio, who had just ascended to the throne of Prime Minister, was looking at the report in his hand with a solemn expression.

In recent years, life in Spain has been like "Wang Xiaoer's New Year", and every year is worse than the last.

Even the victory in the anti-French war that just ended and the recapture of the Roussillon region failed to reverse Spain's downward decline.

There was no way, a Philippine war exposed their weak nature. You can't even defeat a backward indigenous country, so you still have the nerve to call yourself a great power?

Sorry, the three countries of Britain, Russia and Austria said that they can be called "great powers" with such a weakling. We can't afford to disgrace this person.

Even if diplomatic means were used to regain the Philippine Islands, it was based on a series of compromises and had nothing to do with "victory".

Just take it out and fool ordinary people. The navy had a draw, the army suffered a complete defeat, and in the end they relied on mercenaries to save the day. Isn't this a failure?

Failure is failure, and behind closed doors, Prime Minister Antonio dared to admit it.

As a loser, you will naturally have to bear the consequences of failure. After the war, Spain gained the title of "the shame of the great powers".

In order not to be embarrassed along with them, the media from Britain, Russia and Austria have already kicked Spain out of the ranks of the great powers.

If it's just a loss of face, it's not intolerable. Anyway, Spain has been going downhill in recent years. There are so many embarrassing places, and everyone's mental tolerance has been greatly improved.

The trouble was that the Japanese were not willing to fail. Even after they evacuated, they did not forget to plant a nail for them.

According to intelligence sent by the expeditionary force, the number of indigenous rebels currently active in the Philippine Islands has exceeded 200,000.

In terms of military strength alone, the rebels outnumbered the expeditionary force. Obviously, the chaos in the Philippines will not end anytime soon.

"It rained all night when the house leaked." The chaos in the Philippines has not yet been resolved, and rebellions in Cuba followed one after another, and there was still a premeditated rebellion supported by international forces.

The main force was stuck in the Philippine Islands and could not get out, and the Spanish government was very powerless in the face of the Cuban rebellion.

Fortunately, the governor of Cuba had rich experience in suppressing rebellions. As soon as the rebellion broke out, he took decisive action to recruit Hispanics on the island to join the army.

Including the original colonial army, Spain's total military strength in Cuba has now reached an astonishing 200,000.

The number seems quite large, but this "200,000" is obviously made up of mostly old and weak people, and there will be no more than one division with real combat effectiveness.

For specific results, please refer to the Spanish-American War in the original time and space. An expeditionary force improvised by the Americans, coupled with the cooperation of the Cuban rebels, won the victory at the cost of three-digit soldier deaths.

Although there is no longer the American expeditionary force, Cuban rebels have appeared.

Then, the Spanish government troops and the rebels staged a "rookie pecking each other" in Cuba. The scene was extremely touching.

It brings tears to my eyes.

In short, facing a group of temporarily gathered mobs, the Spanish government forces did not take advantage. Instead, they were beaten back and forth and needed to seek help from the country.

If the timing is not right, Antonio will go to the front line to see in person what kind of goods this "200,000" counter-insurgency army is and how much "empty money" it has.

In any case, if the colonial government's performance failed, the Spanish government would have to take over the task itself. Anyway, Cuba could not be allowed to become independent.

Prime Minister Antonio: "Count Junior, how far has our diplomatic action progressed?"

The performance of the Spanish Ministry of Foreign Affairs is not outstanding and can only be regarded as quite satisfactory, but everything depends on comparison.

Against the background of bureaucrats in other government departments, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which performed well, was a breath of fresh air in the officialdom.

The previous Philippine War is proof of this. If the Ministry of Foreign Affairs had not responded quickly enough and took timely actions to win the support of European countries, it would not have been possible to recover the Philippine Islands so smoothly.

Unfortunately, diplomacy is not a panacea. No matter how hard diplomats try, they cannot withstand the consequences of declining national strength.

Foreign Minister Junior: "Aside from the Vienna government saying it would help contain the British, only the Russians are willing to support us diplomatically.

Other countries are unwilling to make clear statements because they do not want to offend the British. We are just trying to We have reached the support of public opinion.

Because there are too few European countries willing to support us, and the Vienna government is unwilling to go all out, the chance that we can obtain direct support from the alliance is infinitely close to zero."

It is human nature to bully the weak and fear the strong.

If they were not unlucky and happened to be unable to avoid it; if other countries in the alliance were to face the British, they would not express their stance easily.

Being able to get countries to provide support in public opinion is enough to prove the efforts of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

It is a pity that European public opinion has limited influence on the British. It wouldn't be John Bull if he didn't get scolded.

As for the support of Russia and Austria, that's all. The tsarist government could only help by shouting twice, but it could not provide any substantive support at all.

Although the Vienna government promised to contain the British, this "containment" was also full of artistry. The specific step it could take is still unknown.

The most likely possibility is that as long as the British do not take action personally and leave no obvious clues, the Vienna government will pretend that they have seen nothing.

Arms aid is what arms dealers do. Who doesn't have a few crazy arms dealers? This bit of sewage will have no effect at all in the international arena.

Prime Minister Antonio nodded and said with deep feeling: "Sure enough, no one can be relied on. In the end , we have to rely on ourselves!" "The mountains that support us will fall, and everyone will run away if we rely on them. Only ourselves are the most reliable."

Such a simple truth, The Spaniards certainly know. It's just that people always have a sense of luck.

The previous war in the Philippines relied on the support of allies to win the victory. Now that there is a problem in Cuba, the Spanish government naturally wants to copy it again.

After all, this is the simplest, easiest, least expensive way to win 100% of the time.

It's a pity that the world is cruel, and the European countries are not charitable. The Spanish government has not repaid the favors it owed before, and it is no longer possible to do so again now.

Prime Minister Antonio asked: "To what extent has the situation on the frontline developed? Is the plan to suppress the rebellion ready?"

Since allies are unreliable, they have no choice but to do it themselves. As long as the British don't end up and just deal with the rebels, the Spanish government is still somewhat sure.

Army Secretary Nicol: "The situation on the front line is mixed. The situation in the Philippines has improved. The expeditionary force has taken control of all the cities, and the rebels can only survive in the jungle.

We have formulated a complete blockade plan, and there is no influx of supplies. The rebels cannot hold on for long.

The situation in Cuba is very bad. The rebels are developing faster than we expected. Governor Valeriano has sent five telegrams asking for help.

Although the War Department has A complete reinforcement plan has been made, but the main force of our army is still suppressing the rebellion in the Philippine Islands, and it is impossible to mobilize enough troops in a short period of time.

In order to suppress the Cuban rebellion as soon as possible without leaving any opportunity for the British, the Ministry of War It is recommended to recruit 50,000 mercenaries for use in the Cuban battlefield."

There is no doubt that "insufficient troops" is obviously just an excuse. The troops that Spain invested in the Philippine Islands were also mainly mercenaries. The number of its own troops invested was only more than 80,000, and there were still hundreds of thousands of troops in the country.

Now that France has declined again, the Spaniards have no enemies at all on the European continent. This is the time when the pressure on national defense is minimal.

Theoretically, there should not be any problems in deploying 50,000 troops from the country to suppress the rebellion.

It's a pity that reality is not "theory", and my family knows their own affairs. In name, Spain does have more than 200,000 standing troops, but this is only "in name".

Like most decadent empires, it is also a chronic problem of the Spanish army to eat empty wages and make up for the loss.

The only combat-effective troops were deployed on the battlefield in the Philippines. Naturally, Nicole did not dare to send the remaining veteran soldiers to the front line.

It just so happened that I had already used mercenaries once before, and they felt that they were more useful than my own army. Naturally, Nicole didn't mind using them again.

Anyway, the European continent also has a tradition of using mercenaries. However, as the scale of modern wars expanded, and the population of Switzerland, a mercenary kingdom, was insufficient to participate in the European war, mercenaries gradually faded out of people's sight.

This is all a small problem. There are no more Swiss mercenaries, but French mercenaries.

Although France's young population has shrunk significantly after the war, its poor domestic economy still forces young French people to work as mercenaries to make a living.

According to incomplete statistics, in the past year, the Allied forces stationed in France have helped the Paris government suppress 87 worker riots and 14 armed uprisings.

It can be said that France now is like an oversized powder keg, and it will explode with just a spark. If the Allies had not put out the fire in time, the explosion would have occurred.

It can be said that as long as you have money, you can have as many mercenaries as you want. The French government is eager to pack up these unstable factors and send them away so that it can sleep peacefully.

Prime Minister Antonio nodded. He is not a perfectionist. In his opinion, as long as the problem can be solved, there is no difference whether he sends his own regular army or recruits mercenaries.

"Then act as soon as possible. If the rebellion is suppressed as soon as possible, we can focus on the system...developing the economy." Before the word "change" came out of his mouth, Antonio swallowed it back. Although Spain desperately needs institutional reform, now is obviously not the time to talk about reform.

The top priority is to suppress the colonial rebellion as soon as possible and dispel the enemy's prying eyes. At this time, it is obviously inappropriate to talk about such a sensitive topic as reform.

The most important thing is that the Spanish monarch is young, and the regent Queen Mother "neither opposes nor supports" the reform.

Without the support of the royal family, the pressure of relying solely on the government's power to promote top-down reforms is still too great.

Finance Minister Siegfried said seriously: "Your Excellency Prime Minister, the government has no money. We have been at war since 1891, and Spain is exhausted."

Regarding the declining Spanish Kingdom, it is like an old man. It is said that three consecutive years of war have exhausted the foundation of this old-school empire.

Fortunately, the war did not happen on the mainland, and there were allies to help, otherwise the "old" Spanish Kingdom would have collapsed long ago.

The country has not collapsed, but government finances have. Without the blood transfusion from the colonies, this old empire, which was heavily in debt, could no longer hold on.

Antonio was stunned for a moment, and then his face turned ugly. Money is not everything, but having no money is absolutely impossible.

After thinking for a while, Antonio slowly said: "Continue to borrow foreign debt! The Austrians must be ready and waiting for us to come."

International loans these days are usually accompanied by a series of political additional conditions. In many cases, the additional price required far exceeds the apparent interest on funds.

From this perspective, borrowing foreign debt is obviously not a good option, but it is the only feasible option for the Spanish government at the moment.

Antonio is a smart man and knows very well how fragile Spain's economy is now, and any tax increase may push the country into the abyss.

In contrast, the consequences of borrowing foreign debt are much smaller. As the overlord of the European continent, the Shinra Empire has long since washed its hands and gone ashore.

Even if they want to take advantage of the situation, the Vienna government will pay attention to its appearance and cannot go too far, at least it will not push Spain to a dead end.

Colonial Secretary Taboada added: "The problems we are facing now are not limited to financial and military problems.

According to the intelligence collected by the Colonial Department, in addition to the British, there are other people behind the Cuban rebellion. International forces are participating.

There are four international forces capable of providing support to the rebels. In addition to the British, there are also the United States of America, the Confederate States, and the Holy Roman Empire.

Which one of the three is supporting the rebels? We still don't know whether the two families are supporting the army, or whether all three families are secretly supporting it.

Of course, it is also possible that the British are deliberately spreading suspicion and want to deflect our attention and find someone to take the blame for them. It's just that But now that they have been exposed, it seems that there is no need to do so.

The Colonial Department has sent people to investigate, but the people we bribed do not have enough status among the rebels. I am afraid that we will not be able to figure out who else is behind the scenes in a short time.

Not only It's Cuba, and even Morocco has not been very stable recently. I'm worried that if the enemy doesn't achieve results in Cuba, they will turn to support the Moroccans." Where there is strength, there is suspicion, and there are many things that stab each other in international politics. Even if we are allies, digging holes into each other is nothing new.

The most important thing is: Whether it is the United States of America, the Confederate States, or the Holy Roman Empire, they all have motives to attack Spain.

The declining Kingdom of Spain still holds a few wealthy colonies, but now it is a "baby's busy city holding gold bricks", and it is difficult not to attract people's prying eyes.

Foreign Minister Junior warned seriously: "Marquis, please stop your meaningless pursuit. The people planning the Cuban rebellion now are the British, and they can only be the British!"

There is no way, Spain has no ability now, Add yourself another enemy.

Even if the mastermind behind the scenes is found, they can only pretend to be deaf and mute, and even help the enemy cover it up in order to avoid causing trouble.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1023: It's full of fog.

It's okay to pretend to be confused, but it's not okay to be really confused. Junior is unwilling to pursue the investigation in depth, mainly because he is worried that the final result will be the enemy they least want to face.

If you don't lift the lid, you can still pretend to be confused. Let's continue playing this political game together. Once we find out something, we can't go back to where we are now.

Marquis Taboada slightly thoughtfully, looking a little sad. The former empire on which the sun never sets has actually fallen to the point where even if someone plots against it, it has to pretend that nothing happened.

It's okay to pretend to be deaf and dumb, but the problem still needs to be solved.

The addition of a hidden enemy means that the Spanish government must allocate more energy to prevent emergencies.

This is undoubtedly a torture for the Spanish government, which is already suffering from a headache.

Seeing that the atmosphere in the room became silent, Antonio decisively chose to change the subject: "Okay, everyone just needs to be more vigilant about the colonial issue. Let's talk about the loan first! Unlike last time, there is no anti-French war now. I am afraid it will not be easy to get an interest-free loan with the love accumulated in it."

As an old empire, although Spain has declined, Antonio is still familiar with the rules of the political game between the great powers.

Frankly speaking, Antonio was already very surprised when he was able to get a large interest-free loan from the Vienna government.

According to the normal rhythm, the Vienna government should take advantage of the Philippine War. Unexpectedly, just because of a previous promise, the Vienna government gave up.

It is indeed good to have a trustworthy boss, but the boss also has to eat meat. The Holy Roman Empire was able to possess today's vast territory, and the Vienna government was definitely not as harmless as it seemed.

The last time he was willing to help, maybe it was out of credibility, or maybe it was because the Holy Roman Empire needed a political show after becoming the hegemon on the European continent.

It is absolutely impossible for something like this to happen twice. Even if the Vienna government is willing to help for free, Spain cannot afford it.

Based on past political experience, Antonio knows very well that in this world "the more you want, the greater the price you have to pay."

It is definitely not easy to take advantage of a hegemonic country. Once it is stained, it may cost Spain half its life when it is repaid in the future.

For example: the conflict between Britain and Austria escalates, and Spain, which has benefited, must act as a pawn.

Don't expect to be able to default on your debt, Spain simply doesn't have the capital. Just being France can't stop Shinra's revenge.

Not wanting to become cannon fodder in the Anglo-Austrian struggle for hegemony, Spain must maintain sufficient independence while embracing Shinra.

This is what governments in Europe do. Despite the existence of the Continental Union, the Vienna government still has no mandatory binding force on various countries. To do something, you still need to exchange benefits.

Finance Minister Siegfried: "Don't even think about interest-free loans. Austrians are not philanthropic.

Unless we can come up with enough benefits in exchange, this loan will be an ordinary commercial loan."

Ministry of Finance We have communicated with the domestic bank consortium. They require the government to use salt taxes as collateral and can only provide loans of up to 50 million pesetas. The loan fee is 8%, the annual interest is 8.9%, and it is repaid in 30 years, with monthly principal and interest payments. 398,700 Peeta.

I did the calculations and found that the loan of 50 million actually got 46 million, and the total principal and interest needed to be repaid is 143.532 million.

This is already the most favorable commercial loan we can get. For ordinary private commercial loans, the interest will be doubled. .

Even the government cannot afford such high interest rates, let alone ordinary people. The money has been made away by these vampires, no wonder our economy cannot develop.

We need to fight two wars at the same time, 46 million The Pisa Tower is only enough to pay the soldiers' salaries for two months. If it were used in war, it would be a miracle if it could last for one month.

According to the most optimistic estimates, if we suppress the rebellion in the Philippines within half a year and suppress the rebellion in Cuba within the year, then the government still has There is a funding gap of 880 million.

If converted into Aegis, it is about 70 million. If calculated based on the interest rate of 8.9%, the annual fund interest alone will almost catch up with a quarter of our fiscal revenue.

Actual situation It will be even more serious. With our current financial situation, no commercial bank would dare to lend us so much money.

Even if a greedy vampire dares to take over this business, the interest rate will be horribly high. The yield of only 8.9% is not enough for them to lend money at the risk of losing everything."

(1 peta is equivalent to 0.29 grams of gold)

Since the outbreak of the Philippine War, the Spanish government has lived a life of borrowing money. Today, Spain's total debt has reached an astonishing 330 million Aegis.

The debt has reached one-fifth of the total debt of the Shinra, but Spain's fiscal revenue is far less than one-fifth of the Shinra, not even one-twentieth.

There is no way, this is the difference between semi-industrial countries and industrial countries. Spain, which has one-seventh of the population of the HRE, has less than one-twentieth of the HRE's fiscal revenue.

Today, more than half of the Spanish government's annual fiscal revenue is used to repay domestic and foreign debts.

Against this background, the Spanish government's finances are naturally not in good shape. From the first day he became Chancellor of the Finance, Siegfried lived a life of tearing down the east wall to repair the west wall.

This is in the context of establishing a large number of interest-free loans, otherwise the interest on funds alone can crush the Kingdom of Spain.

By this time, the biggest problem facing the Spanish government was no longer the level of loan interest, but its own debt repayment ability.

The richer you are, the easier it is to borrow money. The same applies to the country. Spain, which has lost its ability to repay its debts, will not be easy to get loans.

You can't even get a loan, let alone issue bonds. The capital market has always been the most realistic. No one is willing to lend money to a poor man.

Antonio rubbed his forehead: "We will discuss the issue of high domestic financing costs later. Now we have to find ways to raise funds to tide over the current difficulties.

If we want to obtain this loan from Shinra, what price will we have to pay? ?” Obviously, this is not the first time these questions have arisen. In fact, high financing costs are also a common phenomenon in this era and are not an isolated case in Spain.

Commercial loan interest rates of more than ten or twenty points may seem high, but in this era, they are nothing.

Behind the high interest rates are high overdue rates and high risks. It is common to default and run away. Once the debtor leaves the country, the bank cannot pursue it at all.

Even if there are assets as collateral, multiple and repeated mortgage loans often occur. Due to poor information exchange, no matter how cautious banking institutions are, they will inevitably step into the trap.

"High risk" does not scare bankers. They only need to increase loan interest rates and spread the losses of default to other debtors.

This is why the cost of government borrowing is much lower than the interest rate of commercial loans. After all, lending money to the government has less risk of default.

Of course, the Spanish government is clearly not a prime customer. Therefore, since collateral must be provided, the loan interest cannot be lowered.

Siegfried shrugged, pretending to be humorous and said: "It depends on what the Vienna government wants. Maybe they are in a good mood, suddenly become kind-hearted, and lend us the money directly."

What Siegfried said Fried himself didn't believe it, let alone anyone else.

70 million Aegis is not 7,000 Aegis. Unless the top leaders of the Vienna government have collectively lost their minds, such charity will definitely not be done.

...

Taking the blame for someone else for no reason, Franz felt the same as the British. It is impossible to explain, and this kind of thing can only become darker and darker.

From a pure profit perspective, the Vienna government's motives for attacking Spain are too strong.

Spain, a country where "children are busy with gold bricks", has always been the target of everyone's spying. As long as there is strength, there is motivation.

He was unhappy, but Franz couldn't do anything. The Spaniards are just secretly suspicious and don't even look into it, so what else can they do?

After suffering this dumb loss, Franz also became resentful towards the mastermind behind the scenes.

This means and method are so familiar. The same formula and the same routine, Franz really never thought that one day he would use it on himself.

It can only be said that there are still many thoughtful people in this world. While provoking the Cuban independence movement, they not only hid themselves, but also found several scapegoats.

If it were not for deliberate calculations, Franz did not believe that the Spanish would have discovered that other international forces were involved when the British took the blame.

...

Franz asked: "Has the mastermind been found?"

The Spanish government is worried that it will find out the truth that it does not want to see, and is unwilling to investigate further. This does not mean that the Vienna government will not investigate further.

Although it is not necessary to go to war over such a trivial matter, it is still necessary to find out the mastermind behind the scenes and take precautions.

Prime Minister Karl shook his head: "No! This black hand was hidden too deeply. After provoking the Cuban independence movement, he quickly disappeared.

The clues left behind are all messy, some point to us, and some point to the British and the United States. , the Allied Powers, there is no way to tell whether it is true or false.

However, it was probably the British who drew the attention of the Spanish government to us. In order to disintegrate the Continental Alliance, the London government was going crazy.

But the British did not expect that, The Spanish government is so cowardly that it doesn't even bother to investigate, making their arrangements useless."

Failure to find out means that the Vienna government has been blamed for this. There is no need for evidence for this kind of thing, as long as it is believed to be the case, that is enough.

Just like Prime Minister Karl believed that the British were framing Shinra, Franz still took it as a conclusion drawn from mere speculation.

"If you can't find out, forget it. However, the government's emphasis on the United States and the Alliance has to be raised to a higher level.

Especially there may be British people involved. The current international situation is very unfavorable to Britain. In In the context of being unable to dismantle the Continental Alliance, it is inevitable that the British will not panic and run to hug the Americans for warmth.

The best way to prevent the merger of Britain and the United States is to bring up the conflicts between the United States and the Confederacy. As long as the differences between the two countries If relations do not ease, the British will have to choose one of the two."

Frankly speaking, Franz was not too worried about the easing of relations between the United States and the Confederacy. Giving up hatred is easy to say, but not so easy to do.

The resentment of the southern states against the north in the original time and space lasted until the 21st century and has not been completely eliminated.

Not to mention now, not to mention the rivers of blood fighting between the north and the south, the key point is that the two have separated.

Today, hating the other person has become politically correct.

Unless there is too much external pressure that threatens their survival. Otherwise, there will be no possibility of easing relations between the United States and the Confederacy before this generation is gone.

There is no doubt that such pressure simply does not exist. Neither Britain nor the Holy Roman Empire had the strength to destroy the United States and the Confederacy.

The vast ocean is their best line of defense, limiting the power projection of European powers.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1024 Celebration

The wheel of history rolls forward and is not influenced by personal will.

As the birthplace of the economic crisis, Vienna was also the first region to emerge from the economic crisis.

Different from ordinary industrial cities, Vienna, which is centered on politics, education, scientific research, and culture, has a much stronger ability to resist risks.

Apart from a bit of misery for stock investors, the crisis has brought little change to Vienna. There is no sense of depression in the bustling downtown.

Especially in recent times, as the National Day approaches, representatives from all over the country have gathered, which has added to the prosperity.

In order to celebrate the third anniversary of the restoration of the Holy Roman Empire, Franz decided to hold a grand military parade on Bastille Day. It's purely for celebration and has absolutely no intention of showing off force.

Unlike previous military parades, this one is nationwide. Whether it is overseas colonies, feudal nobles, or countries on the European continent, they must send representatives to participate.

The most important thing is that this military parade did not select elites from the entire army, but Franz randomly selected troops and went to Vienna for review.

There is no way, there are a lot of kingdoms under the Shinra, and the number of fiefdom nobles is as high as five figures, even if you are the first choice, you can't choose.

When it comes to military honor, don't expect anyone to give in to anyone. If it really comes down to the election, the wrangling can last forever.

Before opening a colony, you can also have a military competition or conduct a real-army confrontation exercise.

Now, just look at the map of Shinra. With the traffic conditions these days, regional drills are difficult enough. If we conduct a real-force confrontation drill, I'm afraid it won't be completed in two or three years.

In this case, in order to avoid causing controversy, Franz simply drew lots and relied entirely on luck.

If you want to show your face in front of the people of the country, then count on God and his elders to bless you. If God is not online, it is the same to expect the emperor to bless you.

After all, judging from the final results, the distribution of the selected troops is quite balanced.

One battalion was selected for Austrian Nanyang, one battalion was selected for Austrian America, four battalions were selected for Austrian Africa, and a total of three battalions were selected from each country. The Central Army selected three battalions each from the army, navy, and air force, plus an armored regiment and an artillery regiment, for a total of one battalion. More than 12,000 people.

There can't be any more, otherwise we won't be able to pass the review. Franz didn't want to hold a celebration and tire himself out.

Bringing together troops from far and wide is no easy task. The National Day military parade is not only for reviewing the troops, but also for the whole world to see.

As a newly rising overlord, apart from intervening in a war in the Philippines, Shinra has not done anything outside in the past few years since it conquered France.

Not only are all the countries in the world not used to such a peaceful overlord, at least the European countries are really not used to it.

Look at the British. Just after the war in the Philippines, they turned around and started things in Cuba. This is a professional overlord.

In this regard, the Vienna government still has a long way to go if it wants to catch up with the British. Judging from the current situation, it is impossible for Franz to survive during his lifetime.

This is determined by political genes. The thinking of sea power countries and land power countries is inherently different.

Thinking determines action. If possible, Franz hoped to live quietly and peacefully.

Unexpectedly, the tree wants to be quiet but the wind is still blowing. The Vienna government did nothing. A scapegoat fell from the sky, and there was no room for reasoning.

There were too many suspects to determine who was behind the scenes, and it was naturally impossible for the Vienna government to retaliate.

In order to declare our presence, we have this third anniversary celebration. Regardless of whether countries are used to it or not, now they have to learn to adapt.

"New overlord, new atmosphere."

Blindly imitating the British is obviously inferior. If it really makes people angry and a fight finally breaks out, Shinra will not have the protection of the strait.

As a master who never forgets the past, the two world wars in the original time and space are still deeply imprinted in Franz's mind.

Playing PK on the European continent is committing collective suicide. If you win, the income will not be enough for military expenses, and if you lose, you will have to pay everything.

...

"Over here, Friedrich."

"I saw the general, I'll come right away."

As the voice fell, a young officer walked through the crowd and came under the sculpture in the square.

Schlieffen laughed and scolded: "Friedrich, you idiot. I told you not to fall behind, but you still dare to look around. If you get lost, I will be embarrassed to ask the police to help find you." It can be seen that Schlieffen still has a lot of respect for the young officer. Very valued.

Although this military parade was chosen by lot, who would dare to be careless if it was to be reviewed in full view of the public?

If something goes wrong, it will be embarrassing in front of the whole world. All the selected troops started training early.

Those who can finally come to participate in the review, whether officers or soldiers, have gone through layers of screening, and those who are not qualified have long been transferred.

As the only company in the Kingdom of Prussia to participate in the military parade, all of them were simply officers. The purpose is very simple, just to get money.

There is no way, who makes the Kingdom of Prussia poor?

Due to financial constraints, the Prussian military has been having a really hard time in recent years.

Even some time ago, there was a proposal in the Berlin government to eliminate the army. Although he was stopped by William II, this kind of thing has its consequences.

The Prussian military is still very crisis-conscious. In order to avoid the day when the Berlin government really does not allocate funds, the current trip of this officer corps to Vienna was made.

After the establishment of the Holy Roman Empire, while the emperor took away the command of the state's army, in order to strengthen his control over the state's army, the source of military expenditures for the state's army also changed.

Generally speaking, within the scope of the establishment permitted by the emperor, the state army can obtain 25% to 40% of military expenditures from the central government, and the remaining part is raised by the state government itself.

In this context, if a country is wealthy, military expenditures will be sufficient, and the army's life will be easy; if a country is poor, it will have to live a miserable life.

There is no doubt that the Prussian army has always had a hard time. Since the defeat of the Prussian-Russian War, life for the Prussian military has never been easy.

When it was in the German Federation, Prussia was directly faced with Russia's lively military threat, and the Berlin government naturally had no choice but to grit its teeth and hold on.

In addition, as the federal force is responsible for the military, for the sake of national defense and security, other state governments also supported part of the military expenditure, which barely supported it.

After the restoration of the Holy Roman Empire, the central government borne part of the military expenditures. Logically speaking, their lives should be easier.

Unfortunately, with the establishment of the HRE, the threat from the Russians no longer existed, and the Berlin government's spirit of desperately trying to raise military funds also disappeared.

After the economic crisis broke out, the Berlin government went bankrupt, and some people even proposed handing over the army to the central government to reduce the government's financial pressure.

With the king's support, the army was maintained, but financial allocations were often delayed.

The most important thing is that the Prussian government really has no money, not that they don't want to give money.

This is embarrassing. If they had money and refused to give it, then the military would naturally have a way to make the Berlin government obey, but now that they really have no money, there is nothing they can do.

Fortunately, the central government's allocations are timely every time, so we can barely survive with some savings.

In order to save military expenses, the Prussian military also tried its best, such as retaining the skeleton of the organization and reducing the number of soldiers.

Unfortunately, this practice, which was obviously suspected of defrauding military funds, was quickly discovered by the Ministry of War.

If one plan fails, another plan will be made.

The Prussian military replaced the soldiers with conscripts who did not receive salary, and only retained a small number of elites, mainly to train officers.

Unfortunately, although the Prussian military's plan was good, the emperor did not agree.

Regarding this practice that could obviously affect the combat effectiveness of the troops, Franz not only issued a stern warning to the Prussian military, but also demoted the relevant personnel collectively.

Demotion is a minor issue, but the key is that the issue of military spending has not yet been resolved. Although the emperor personally intervened and urged the Berlin government to allocate military funds on time, he still had to have money to do so.

Borrowing money to finance military expenditures was no problem in the past. But not now. The Berlin government is arguing with the British over debt restructuring, and the government has declared bankruptcy.

Not only are military expenditures owed, but the salaries of government officials are also owed, including the king's annuity and the prime minister's salary, which have not been paid at all.

Everyone in the government is striving for the interests of the country, and it is natural that the military cannot hold back at this time. No matter how difficult it is, they still have military funds allocated by the central government, so they will not go hungry.

Obviously, getting British creditors to compromise is not an easy task. This fake-death protest is expected to last for a long time.

After going through so much, the Prussian military has finally figured out that even if debt restructuring negotiations are successful, the impoverished Berlin government will not be able to rely on it in the short term.

If you want to solve the problem of military expenditure, you can only reach out to the emperor.

After all, the annual military budget of the Shinra Empire reaches hundreds of millions of Aegis, while the Prussian army's annual expenditure is only more than 4 million Aegis, accounting for only about one-thirtieth.

As long as the emperor makes a slight tilt in allocating military spending, their funding gap will be filled.

If you want to get preferential treatment in military expenditures, you must first prove your worth to the emperor. This military parade is their opportunity to showcase themselves.

Simply showing off soldiers is obviously ineffective. The soldiers who can appear at the military parade must be the best among the best.

Although the Prussian army was well-trained, it was still impossible to stand out on the parade ground.

The emperor would not be interested in ordinary soldiers, but a unit that trained soldiers into officers would definitely attract the emperor's attention.

Regardless of whether the plan is reliable or not, you should always give it a try. Otherwise, modern military technology would advance so rapidly, and the Prussian army, which had insufficient military expenditures, would soon fall behind.

As for handing over national defense and security to the central government and leaving the horses to farm in Nanshan, other countries may be able to think so, but it is absolutely impossible in Prussia.

Although the Prussian-Russian War broke the backbone of the Kingdom of Prussia, the spirit of unwillingness to admit defeat still remained in the army.

To this day, "revenge" remains the driving force behind the Prussian military's struggles. However, considering the huge disparity in strength between the two sides, they were forced to endure it and secretly strengthen their forces.

In the previous anti-French war, the Prussian army performed well. After the restoration of the Holy Roman Empire, it was still able to retain the establishment of four infantry divisions, the first of many small states.

Of course, this is also the result that other countries have not tried their best to strive for. After all, Prussia was the only one who wanted to take revenge on the Russians and regain lost territory.

Although the Holy Roman Empire was restored, according to tradition: the hatred of states does not equal the hatred of the empire; the wars of states do not equal the wars of the empire.

If a foreign enemy invades, the central government will naturally step in; if you invade others yourself, you will bear the consequences.

Similar cases, in the history of the Holy Roman Empire, have never been less than three digits.

In the conflict between Prussia and Russia, as long as the Russians did not actively invade, the Vienna government did not need to bear any responsibilities and obligations towards Prussia.

If it wants revenge, the Kingdom of Prussia can only go it alone. Theoretically, the number of troops in each state can be determined freely.

It's just that the central government does not need to share military expenditures for troops beyond the establishment range, but they still have to accept the emperor's command.

Without the support of the central government, the impoverished Kingdom of Prussia naturally had no capital to revenge itself on the Russians. Even though the military is still obsessed with it, the Berlin government has long given up on these unrealistic fantasies.

An open secret is not a secret. The Prussian military's secret actions cannot be hidden from Franz's eyes.

It's just that they have always acted within the rules, and it's not easy for the emperor to interfere.

After all, the Prussian military's "revenge plan" only stayed at the "thinking" stage, and no substantive action was taken.

Anyway, there are only a few infantry divisions. No matter how elite they are, they do not pose a threat to the central government. Instead, they have one more useful thug.

Friedrich replied seriously: "Don't worry, General. I can't lose it. There were just too many people and I didn't notice you leaving."

Schlieffen nodded and said nothing more. Different from the curiosity of young officers, the older generation of Prussian officers had the most complicated feelings towards the Holy Roman Empire.

As a master who experienced two Prussian-Russian wars, Schlieffen witnessed with his own eyes the decline of the Kingdom of Prussia and the revival of the Holy Roman Empire.

Once upon a time, Schlieffen had made it his mission to unify the German region and establish Great Prussia.

The German region was indeed unified, but it was not done by Prussia. On the contrary, the greatest contribution made by the Kingdom of Prussia in the process of unification was its own decline.

With the decline of the Kingdom of Prussia, the second largest state, there was no longer a state in the German region that had the strength to compete with Austria, and the internal strife in the German region was eliminated.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 1025: Choice is Important

Along with the decline of the Kingdom of Prussia, the once awesome Junkers aristocratic group also inevitably declined.

In fact, the decline of the Junker nobles was not only due to defeat. Even after the defeat, they were still the largest political force in the Kingdom of Prussia.

The real reason for the decline of the Juncker aristocratic group was that there was no successor in the political arena. There was no way, there were so many dead on the battlefield that the reserves could not keep up.

The direct result of the two Prussian-Russian wars was that 56% of the Junkers completely lost their land, and 17% of the aristocratic families lost their heirs.

The reserve forces suffered heavy losses, and important positions in the government originally held by the Junker nobles were inevitably given up.

One carrot after another, the shrinkage of the Juncker aristocratic group is also accompanied by the rise of other political forces.

Over time, the political landscape of the Kingdom of Prussia slowly changed. Today, although the Juncker Group is still an important political force in Prussia, "the army owns the country" has completely become history.

Especially after the restoration of the Holy Roman Empire, the status of the Junkers aristocratic group was once again impacted.

Prior to this, although they had lost their dominance over the country, with their control of the army, no matter which political faction was in charge of Prussia, they did not dare to underestimate them.

It's different now, there's an extra boss above my head. If you want to overturn the table, you must first consider the boss's feelings.

Otherwise, if we overturn the table in the morning and the counter-rebellion army comes to kill us in the evening, how can we have any fun?

In addition to asking for money, Schlieffen and his party also have an important task, which is to strengthen relations with the Vienna Palace.

The fact that European aristocrats are one family is no joke. Even though the Holy Roman Empire was restored only three years ago, the Junker nobles had contact with the Habsburg dynasty as early as thirty years ago, or even earlier.

As long as you carefully study the origins of the lords entrusted by Franz, you will find many familiar noble surnames in the German region, including the surnames of the Junker nobles.

One or two can be said to be a coincidence, ten or eight is a very coincidence, but when the number is enlarged to a thousand or eight hundred, it cannot be explained by a coincidence.

The reason for this scene is actually very simple: all the land in Germany is owned, but there is not necessarily only one son of a noble.

Unless you are a big noble, you can arrange it. Otherwise, only the eldest son can inherit the family business, and the second son must fend for himself.

This is true for members of the direct line, not to mention the collateral lines. In fact, most of the aristocratic branches, apart from bearing a noble surname, are just ordinary people.

Seeing the colonial empires such as Britain and France making huge profits overseas, the people in the German region were naturally envious and jealous, including the nobles.

When the Vienna government issued a call and announced that it would join the colonial wave, everyone's reaction was relatively calm. When Franz introduced the enfeoffment method, they could no longer bear it.

No matter whether the territory is remote or not, the attributes of making money and passing down family generations are still there. For most people, even if they can't get a title, getting a farm is still a good choice.

With the unfolding of immigration policies, more and more German people participated in the colonial movement, and naturally among them aristocrats were indispensable.

With good education, excellent military literacy, and the support of family resources and connections, these people quickly stood out.

"If you are poor in the busy city, no one cares about you; if you are rich in the mountains, you have distant relatives."

The same applies in continental Europe, and it is also realistic in the aristocratic world. Once you make a fortune, regardless of whether you are a collateral or direct descendant, your voice in the family will greatly increase.

Everyone has a circle. When you go overseas, you will naturally have an overseas circle, plus a series of marriages. Before the Holy Roman Empire had been restored, the aristocratic groups in the German region had taken the lead and merged.

Since the ruling class has completed the merger in the process of making the cake bigger, the unification of the German regions is also a natural thing.

It seems to be a logical thing, but behind it is also the fact that "some people are proud and some are frustrated."

Although the Junker nobles were also involved, the peak of the colonial wave thirty years ago happened to be the highlight of the Kingdom of Prussia.

With the victory of the First Prussian-Russian War, Prussia seized a large area of ​​land from the Russians, and the Junker nobles also made a lot of money.

Everyone's attention is focused on Europe. Those involved in the overseas colonial movement are all marginal figures, and the resources at their disposal are almost negligible.

After the failure of the Second Prussian-Russian War, the Juncker Group not only suffered political and economic losses, but also a large number of young people were killed, and it was difficult for them to join forces.

One wrong step, every wrong step.

By missing out on the colonial wave, the Junkers aristocratic group not only lost the gains from the colonial process, but more importantly, after the restoration of the Holy Roman Empire, the Junkers' influence in the empire was minimal.

In fact, it was not only the Juncker Group that was damaged, but the entire Kingdom of Prussia did not have a high say in the empire.

Although their military strength is still second only to Austria among all states, in terms of voice, they are not even ranked in the top ten.

In a word, "there is no one in the government."

Although the small state itself has limited strength, its ruling class has colluded with the Vienna government early. Investment was made in advance and the younger generation was sent to Austria for development early.

There are their people in the overseas colonies, their descendants in the imperial army, and their descendants can also be seen in the central government.

Decades have passed, and the gold has long since shone. The initial investment is now reflected in politics.

Having someone in the court can always bring some convenience. If the difficulties faced by the Prussian military were placed on other influential states, the problem would have been solved long ago.

Isn't it just a lack of military spending? It's not that there is no way to solve it. Not to mention getting the same standards as the central military, but raising the central government funding standards is always feasible.

The Kingdom of Prussia is also a border, with the Nordic Federation to the north and the Russian Empire to the east, a proper military powerhouse. It is completely reasonable to require the central government to bear 40% of military expenditures.

In addition, you can also receive overseas stationing tasks to obtain subsidies from the central government.

If you are lucky enough to meet him, you might be able to get two combat missions, and then there will be no problem.

Of course, the more money is taken away from the central government, the greater the impact will be, and the autonomy will definitely be greatly affected.

There is nothing you can do about this, and it is impossible for you to take advantage of everything. Whose food you eat and who you work for is a matter of course.

The army of the Kingdom of Prussia now has a high degree of autonomy, and the military expenditures it can get from the emperor are naturally not high.

Like all hinterland states without military threats, the central government only bears 25% of military expenditures.

The reason given by the Army Department is very simple: there is no external military threat.

No kidding, this is serious.

The Ministry of War also gave a reasonable and detailed explanation: the Russian Empire is an ally of the Empire and does not need to be on guard; while the Nordic Federation has limited strength and does not pose a threat to the Empire.

The same thing, put another way, has two different results. However, both statements are reasonable. It is impossible to distinguish right from wrong simply based on the surface. It is even difficult to defend.

As a member of the Prussian military, Schlieffen naturally did not agree with the Imperial War Department's statement. But there was no way, he found a reason to refute.

There are conflicts between Prussia and Russia, which does not mean that there are also conflicts between HRE and the Russians. The Russian-Austrian alliance lasted for many years, and the Vienna government had enough reason to believe that the Tsarist government would not invade.

As for the Nordic Federation, there is no need to mention it. Schlieffen himself feels embarrassed when talking about the Nordic threat theory.

In order to find a reason for military expenditure, Schlieffen also racked his brains. As for the reasons for domestic preparations, he decisively chose to give up from the moment he arrived in Vienna.

The Russian threat theory is not easy to talk about. If we really insist on emphasizing the Russian threat, the Vienna government may send troops to help them defend the border.

For specific reference, you can refer to the Principality of Luxembourg in the west. Defense issues are borne by the central army, and the national army only plays a supporting role.

If it really got to that point, the Prussian military's autonomy would be completely gone. The Central Army assumed the responsibility of border defense, and it was reasonable to establish a military district in Prussia.

"Three misfortunes in life, the magistrate of the county is attached to Guo".

With a military district overhead that coordinates regional armed forces, the Prussian military became the unlucky "magistrate" and it was only a matter of time before it was sidelined.

...

In a military camp in the suburbs, the Prussian officer corps participating in the military parade was sweating profusely.

As the commander, Schlieffen looked sad at the moment.

"Why, are you still worried about military expenses?"

A familiar voice sounded from behind, pulling Schlieffen out of his thoughts. I saw him frowning, and then asked: "Markenson, you are asking the question knowingly. Do you think there is anything else besides this big trouble that can cause me such a headache?"

Mackenson replied seriously : "Yes, and there are many more!"

"For example: the issue of unified training and distribution of officers proposed by the Ministry of War, and the rotation plan of various units proposed by the General Staff."

After the establishment of the Holy Roman Empire, Franz gathered Military command authority, but this gathering is also very limited.

The German states are accustomed to doing their own thing, and it is obviously impossible to take back power from them all at once.

In addition to using military expenditure allocation to intervene in the armies of various countries, under Franz's instruction, the Army Ministry and the General Staff also made tentative suggestions.

It is just a "test" to unify the training and distribution of officers, and the rotation of troops. On the surface, it is ordinary, but in fact it is related to the power of personnel appointment and the power of military command in peacetime.

If we really get these powers, the so-called national army will cease to exist.

Especially personnel rights. As long as the Army Ministry swaps officers from various states with each other when allocating officers, their own children will not be able to serve in their own states, and the inheritance of power will be broken.

The power to command the army in peacetime also has a huge impact. The rotation of defenses directly broke the tradition of local troops stationed in the country. Once they are no longer stationed in their own country, will the army of the country still be the army of the country?

It involves the core interests of the country's military aristocracy, and such a proposal is simply not feasible.

If it were to be done forcefully, the newly unified Holy Roman Empire might fall into disintegration again.

After all, the current size of the Shinra Empire is supported by the ancient traditional enfeoffment model.

If the central government unscrupulously usurps the rights of states, what would the overseas feudal nobles think? No one wants to end up making a wedding dress for someone else with their hard-earned fortune.

It takes many years to build credibility, but it often only takes one to destroy it.

Schlieffen shook his head disdainfully: "Nonsense, these proposals are all jokes, there is no way they can be passed, and they are not even qualified to be voted on by the parliament.

It is clearly written in the constitution that the army of a state only accepts the dual command of the emperor and the king. Neither the War Department nor the General Staff has the power to interfere with the national army.

The value of their existence is only to assist the emperor in managing the army, not to manage the army for the emperor. This is a completely different concept.

It seems that you are in a good mood. Could it be that you went out to meet friends and got something unexpected? "

When the word "friend" was mentioned, Mackensen's expression suddenly became unnatural. Unlike Schlieffen, who was originally born in the Junker aristocracy, Mackensen is a representative of grassroots rise.

Born in Saxony, Mackensen can enter The Prussian army was also due to an accident.

His grandfather was once a Hanoverian cavalry commander. By his father's generation, his family had fallen into decline. Not only did he not have a noble title, he was reduced to a land economist.

When he was young, Mackensen determined to become a A cavalry officer. At that time, Austria had not yet grown, and the Kingdom of Prussia had not declined.

Opportunities soon arose. On the one hand, Austria opened overseas colonies to recruit people; on the other hand, the Prussian-Russian War broke out, and the Berlin government raised its flag to recruit troops.

The young and energetic Ma Mackensen decisively chose to join Prussia and fight against the Russians.

With his extraordinary talent and luck, Mackensen quickly stood out and even unexpectedly received the appreciation of William II. Unfortunately, the Kingdom of Prussia was still defeated.

It was obviously impossible to turn around at this time. As an ordinary person, Mackensen, who took one step at a time, had no choice but to go on.

Limited by the stage of the Kingdom of Prussia, Mackensen, who was born as a civilian, could not easily He soon hit the ceiling.

There was a carrot and a hole. The Prussian army was limited in size and could not afford too many senior generals. Mackensen, who had no background, could only serve as colonel commander.

This is already a high-end match, unless the position is greatly improved. , otherwise the colonel will be the end of Mackensen.

Unfortunately, the Kingdom of Prussia only has four divisions in total, and the Vienna government recognizes no more than fifteen general positions. The Junker nobles themselves cannot get enough of these positions, so where can they get them? He came to power? He was born as a civilian, and it is already a miracle that he can reach his current position. Looking at the entire Prussian army, there is no second one.

In contrast, his childhood playmate took advantage of the rise of Austria. express train. We fought all the way and crossed the threshold first.

If this is all, it doesn't matter. It is normal for the national conditions to be different and the development to be different. The key is that the Holy Roman Empire was unified, and this difference became obvious.

One is the central government The major general and division commander of the army, and the colonel commander of the national army. It doesn't take much thinking to know who has a more promising future.

This is no longer a question of ability. No matter how powerful Mackensen is, there are only a few positions in the Prussian army. If the people behind don't get down, the people behind will have no chance to make up.

Although it is a bit sad, it can't be said to be regretful. After all, there are only a few people in Austria who can climb up from civilians.

Mackensen's friends were able to rush out, except for luck In addition to abilities, surnames also play a role.

A descendant of a declining aristocratic family is almost the same as a commoner in normal times, but once it turns over, it can quickly use the family behind it to renew its connections.

After a brief daze, Mackensen He replied: "That's right! He suggested that we should not act rashly and first strengthen the relationship with the Vienna Palace.

After all, when we were strong, we often offended Austria.

It won't be a matter of settling scores after the fall, but there must be many people in the Vienna government who are dissatisfied with us. These people may not be able to accomplish anything, but they can easily ruin things for us. ” (End of chapter)

