Chapter 1157: Politics is also about human nature.2021-02-20Author : Xin Haiyue 1 Washington, the same Christmas, different feelings. The impact of this war on the United States was relatively small. Except for the slight impact on import and export trade, overall the United States was at peace.

However, this is just an appearance. The political mistake of taking sides dealt a fatal blow to the United States.

Washington has applied to the Continental League many times, hoping to withdraw from the war. Unfortunately, the Continental League has not responded.

Anyone familiar with politics knows that if you are not afraid of the enemy's appetite, you are afraid of being ignored by the enemy. If you have a big appetite, you still have room for negotiation; if you are ignored, you won't be able to start a negotiation even if you want to.

With the surrender of the British Empire, the last remaining hope of the United States was lost.

The strength of the United States is the strongest in the Americas, but compared with the Continental Alliance, it is just a small bean.

The people are still celebrating Christmas happily, unaware of the approaching crisis, but the White House is helpless.

"Has the Vienna government responded?"

President Theodore Roosevelt asked expectantly.

Secretary of State Peter Niedermeier: "The answer given by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Holy Roman Empire is that we will wait for follow-up notifications, and all issues will be resolved at the Vienna Peace Conference.

Judging from the current situation, we are afraid that we will be sad this time The main reason is that the British surrendered too quickly, leaving us too late to react." There is no doubt that "the British surrendered quickly" is just an excuse. The reason why the United States is really undervalued is that its own development potential is too great.

Of course, the United States organized coalition forces in the Americas to besiege Austrian Central America, which was also one of the reasons why they received special care.

Now that the British Empire has declined, it still has a lot of accumulated heritage. Its overall industrial strength is second only to the HRE, and it is still at the top level in the world in some subdivisions.

Just like the Soviet Union after its collapse, whoever inherits the legacy of the Soviet Union will be the military power second only to the United States.

The United States is too closely connected with the British, or the capitals of the two countries are too closely connected. After the war, British capital was bound to leave its homeland to find a more suitable living space.

Although the European continent is close, the capital power of the European world itself is not weak, and there are also stronger aristocratic constraints, which is obviously not suitable for them, who cross the river.

Looking globally, there are not many countries that can accommodate the transfer of British capital. Considering racial factors, the only countries that can truly accept British capital are the United States, the Confederate States, and Brazil.

As for countries such as Argentina, Chile, and Venezuela, their populations are too small to accommodate much capital.

Dig deeper and you'll find that Brazil is impossible. Not only is the population limited, but there are also a lot of internal contradictions. Revolution may break out at any time, and the uncertainty is too high.

Although the situation in the Alliance countries is slightly better, they are engaged in a plantation economy, which obviously leaves insufficient space for capital operations.

The United States is the best choice. Whether it is population, resource conditions, or social background, it is suitable for the development of capital.

If there is no external intervention, the first choice place for British capital after withdrawing from the country is the United States.

Once the capitalists transfer capital and technology to the United States, there will be another rising power, which will be very detrimental to Shinra's global layout.

It takes too much effort to specifically intercept individual capitalists, and it is still difficult to guard against them. In comparison, it would be much easier to attack the United States directly.

As the saying goes, the authorities are obsessed with it, and the Americans who are deeply involved in it have not thought so much at all. After all, the strength of the United States these days is limited and there are still a lot of internal conflicts. It is really not worth the fear of the hegemonic country.

"Next we have to change our strategy. Not only must we lobby the Vienna government, but we must also keep up with the public relations in other countries."

Not knowing the reason for being specifically targeted, Theodore Roosevelt could only treat a dead horse as a living horse. Increase public relations reach.

This is destined to be a restless Christmas. Almost all politicians from Ocean Alliance member states are worried about the future of their countries.

Even if you change jobs in time, there is no exception. "Two or five boys" are not welcome anywhere.

Due to practical needs during the war, the Vienna government accepted everyone's surrender, which does not mean that everyone can enjoy the treatment of allies.

If you look at the ongoing Spoils Division Conference in Vienna, you will know that the countries participating in the conference were all early members of the Continental League, and none were latecomers.

The neutral countries that joined the alliance midway were okay. Although they did not make much contribution to the war, their political positions finally caught up.

The situation is different in the countries where people changed jobs in the later period. With the label of "second or fifth generation" on their heads, they are destined to be impossible to be trusted.

Especially the few unlucky ones who sent troops to join the war not only had to pay for their losses out of their pockets, but they also had to receive "special care" in the future.

It's too late to regret it. No matter what you do now, you can't make up for the political mistakes made in the past. Even in order to consolidate relations within the alliance, the Vienna government must "treat" various countries differently.

Those who follow along will have meat to eat; those who watch the excitement will continue to watch when the meat is divided; those who stand in the wrong team and switch sides in time will have to pay the price; those who carry it to the end will be the meat on the chopping board.

...

Time flies by, and the day before the Vienna Peace Conference is getting closer and closer. Delegations from various countries arrived in Vienna, and public opinion was ignited.

When interviewed by the media, representatives from the victorious countries were high-spirited, while representatives from the defeated countries were dejected. They were two completely different landscapes.

Even comic publications that had nothing to do with politics came out to join in the fun and produced a series of satirical stories.

For example: "Knights and Bandits Series", "Pirate's End", "Animal World Melee"...

there are even more related literary works. Literati and writers all over Europe are writing vigorously and using extremely exaggerated techniques. With this war.

It is completely opposite to the anti-war trend after the World War in the original time and space. It can only be said that it did not hurt everyone. Except for the British who licked their wounds, other European people did not feel deeply.

The casualties were heavy, that's the number on paper, even the anti-French war could not keep up. Except for the British bombs, which killed a few unlucky guys, the European people did not feel that the war was approaching.

The bloodiest wars broke out in the Far East, the South Asian subcontinent, and Africa, and had nothing to do with Europe.

Although the Continental Alliance also lost nearly a million people, these losses were shared by more than 20 countries, of which Russia contributed most.

There were few casualties and the results were rich, so everyone's feelings were naturally different.

Although there is a lack of classics, compared with the classics created by tragedy, the happiness of reality is obviously more important.

The world's attention was focused on the Vienna Peace Conference. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs building suddenly became busy with traffic, and there was an endless stream of people coming to visit every day.

When it comes to national interests, it is obviously not enough to rely on favors and build relationships, but who doesn't want to have a better relationship with the boss?
After all, this world is a human society. When the interests of one's own country are not involved, impressions and perceptions are very important.

Shinra is now the overlord of the world, and even just saying a word of help can solve problems many times.

If HRE hadn't been so aggressive in its anti-corruption campaign, it is estimated that every high-level member of the Vienna government would have made a lot of money.

The risk of giving gifts to officials is too high. If someone is labeled as corrupting Shinra government officials, it will be all over.

If you can't give gifts to ministers, then find a way to give gifts to the emperor. Recently, Franz has been merciless in accepting gifts.

It's not that he wants to receive gifts, he is just a thief in giving gifts. In order to give gifts, everyone asked for connections, but the European royal family was a family, so they could always be related to each other.

The euphemistic name is to strengthen the relationship between relatives. If you don't accept it, you won't give face and it will hurt the other party's face.

Theoretically speaking, this is a normal exchange between the royal family. According to the tradition of reciprocity, it will need to be repaid in the future.

In other words, it becomes a normal courtesy exchange, and it is still the kind that really requires repayment.

If he had just succeeded to the throne and was in need of cash, Franz would naturally not refuse such a gift.

Things are different now. There is no shortage of money in your pocket, and accepting gifts is accepting trouble. Not only do you want to express gratitude, but you also need to prepare gifts of comparable value to send back in the future.

It only went through a circle in my hands, and in the end I didn't get any money. The social impact was not good if it spread out.

The more he thought about Franz, the more he felt something was wrong. Giving gifts to build relationships was only secondary. It was clear that the royal families of various countries were taking advantage of this opportunity.

The gifts are nominally given in the name of the royal families of various countries, but the expenses are paid by the governments of various countries. If they are transferred through his hands, they will return to the hands of the royal families of various countries in the future and become legal income.

After seeing the truth, Franz could only accept it obediently. It can only be said that the emperor cannot escape human relationships.

There are many royal families in Europe, and not all of them are wealthy, and some are also heavily in debt.

Mainly due to the clear distinction between private property and state property in the European world. The country's money is not the king's money, and conversely, the king's money has nothing to do with the government.

The king can use the money from the treasury, but he cannot pocket it himself. In addition to the normal annuity, you can only rely on your own business.

If it were a big country, the annuity income would be high, and as long as the population was not too large, it would be able to maintain the normal expenses of the royal family. With a little bit of financial acumen, you can live a happy life in your childhood.

The situation is different in small countries. The government's fiscal revenue is inherently small, so the king's annuity is naturally not much higher, and it is simply not enough to maintain the status of the monarch.

But the monarch's face cannot be lost. No one cares about how he lives his life behind the scenes, but his dignity must be maintained on the surface.

If the annuity is not enough, then you will have to find ways to fill the hole yourself. If you manage it properly, that's fine. If you don't know how to manage it, it will be a tragedy.

As far as Franz knew, seven or eight royal families were borrowing money to survive. It's not that they were extravagant, it was mainly due to bad luck.

For example: in the Italian states, except for the pope who was not short of money, the other monarchs were extremely poor.

This is the fault of the French. During the war, everyone lost their manor land, and because of the restoration, they depleted all their accumulated wealth, and some even owed a lot of debt.

As for why Franz is so clear, it is naturally: as a creditor, it is difficult to think clearly.

The Royal Bank has given them extensions and extensions. If it were left to ordinary people, they would have been bankrupted and liquidated long ago.

In order to make money, these royal families have become the center of the fashion circle. Fortunately, they still know how to respect their identity and have not become spokespersons for luxury goods.

No one's integrity is much higher. This is a legitimate opportunity to make a fortune. As long as the first family takes the lead, others will naturally follow suit.

Anyway, the more you give away, the more you will recycle in the future. It doesn't matter if you don't want to be generous. It happened to be at the critical point of distribution of benefits after the war. No matter how reluctant governments were, they had no choice but to admit it.

You can't give it to everyone else, right? It's just your family?

I didn't look, but there were still a bunch of people outside who wanted to give gifts but couldn't. One or two of them were almost red-eyed.

Politics is also about human nature. As the leader of the monarchy world, Franz cannot prevent everyone from getting rich.

Hello, I am hello, everyone is the foundation for the long-term maintenance of an interest group. It's just a handy job, so if you can help, I'll do it.

If you study carefully, you will find that the person who appears on the gift list is the protagonist of this spoils-sharing meeting.

I don't know how future generations will evaluate it, but Franz knows that through a shady transaction, the relationship between Shinra and European countries has become closer and closer.

In fact, this was just a small episode before the Vienna Peace Conference. There are also many interest transactions that are constantly taking place here.

Before the conference even started, the Vienna government had signed out more than a hundred large commercial orders, half of which were arms orders alone.

The deal had been completed in advance, and when the Vienna Peace Conference started, there wasn't much left to do.

Apart from the fact that the defeated countries are still suffering and praying for everyone's sympathy, except for the strong dissatisfaction of the Russians, there is basically harmony within the Continental Alliance.

Franz himself was surprised that a good international conference was turned into sophistication and insider trading.

But the reality is this. The Holy Roman Empire is the only one. As the second largest empire, the Russian Empire is not only isolated by other countries, but also busy fighting civil war, and has no energy to stab at it.

Spain, as the third largest country in the world, is really too weak. Not to mention arm wrestling with Shinra, it would be good if it could maintain its status as an empty power.

Looking at the whole world, there is no one who can fight. Britain, which has some strength, is still a defeated country.

Under the structure of one dominant family, as long as the Vienna government is willing, it can completely turn the Peace Conference into its own one-spoken hall.

It is estimated that many countries are now regretting that they should not have been deceived during the anti-French war to allow Shinra to become bigger.

Unfortunately, there is no regret medicine in this world. The Holy Roman Empire has become a general trend. Only one family is left to make the rules, and everyone can only follow behind.

Apart from regrets, I guess many countries are still secretly rejoicing: The Vienna government pays attention to food and appearance as always, otherwise it would be impossible to survive.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1158: It's not too big a deal.2021-02-21Author : Xin Haiyue 1 After some wars of words and interest deals, on June 16, 1905, countries around the world signed the Vienna Agreement in Vienna, bringing the world war to a successful end.

Generally speaking, the content of the treaty is favorable to most countries. Even for the defeated countries, the treatment was not harsh.

The countries that had previously withdrawn from the war and changed jobs were now barely considered members of the Continental Alliance and were no longer held accountable for the war.

Only the United Kingdom, Japan and the United States are truly held accountable. The worst thing was naturally that the British Empire, as the main force in the world war, suffered a direct loss.

The contents of the treaty are as follows:

1. The defeated countries (Britain, Japan and the United States) acknowledged the defeat of the war and took full responsibility for the world war;
2. ceded all colonies to the Continental Alliance;
(respectively: HRE obtained British Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Parts of the Indochina Peninsula and overseas islands, including: Hawaii, Madagascar, Sri Lanka and other areas;

Spain takes back the Strait of Gibraltar;

Spain, Portugal, the Netherlands, Belgium, Northern Europe, Sardinia, Greece... and other countries jointly carve up British India; … … )
3. Pay war reparations of 66 billion Aegis, repay the principal and interest in 99 years, with a monthly interest of 5/1000; (respectively: Britain 33 billion, the United States 32.5 billion, Japan 500 million)
(Distribution is as follows: Holy Roman Empire 79.6%, Russian Empire 8.8%, Spain 4.9%, Netherlands 3.5%, Belgium 0.7%...)
Note: Taking into account the financial situation of each country, the annual repayment amount only needs to be no less than 15% of the government's fiscal revenue. The repayment portion will automatically accumulate and compound interest will be calculated .

4. In order to maintain world peace and stability, the defeated countries are not allowed to develop any military industry, and all weapons and equipment are purchased from the Continental Alliance countries;
5. The armed forces of the defeated countries must be limited and not disrupt regional balance, including: army, police, militia, etc. The size of the various armed forces will be determined annually by the League of Nations to be established;

6. From the date of the signing of the treaty, all countries will complete the transfer within one year, and all armies of Britain, Japan and the United States will withdraw to their homeland;
7. From the date of the signing of the treaty , On the same day, within a month, various countries began to exchange prisoners of war, and ransoms were paid for the extra prisoners in accordance with international practice;
...

there were more than a hundred items in total, and the content was a lot more, but compared to the punishment of the French back then, still much lighter.

Surrender is half the battle, and the only blame to blame is that the French surrendered too late. When the British surrendered, they still had a Royal Navy in their hands. When the French surrendered, the coalition forces were almost in Paris.

Of course, this is only a superficial reason. The fundamental reason is that the French pose a greater threat, and the British alone overseas will be completely out of place once they lose their colonies.

If you look at the content of the treaty, you will know that even the Vienna government of the Royal Navy is not interested in incorporating it. Everyone knows the reason: the landlords don't have enough food left.

The scale of the Shinra Navy is large enough. From now on, it will be the era of aircraft carriers. If we collect a bunch of outdated battleships and bring them back, apart from taking them out for target practice, we can only tear them down and sell them for scrap.

Anyway, the British couldn't afford it after the war, and there was no country in the world that could afford it. The annual maintenance costs alone exceeded the fiscal revenue of most countries.

No one will want them even if they are sold at a tearful sale. Due to the restrictions of the Treaty of Vienna, Britain will lose its military industry after the war, which means that spare parts will be out of print.

For most countries, buying such a one-time warship is simply taking up space.

Small potential also has advantages. After paying the price of colonies, war reparations, and military industry, Britain successfully preserved the British Isles.

However, this success is only temporary. Five years later, there will be referendums in Ireland, Scotland, and Wales waiting for them.

Being able to extend the referendum period for five years is the result of the British government's efforts. Who allowed them to offend so many people in the past?

The Vienna government was bribed, but other countries were unwilling to let them go. It is conceivable that the British Isles are destined to be unstable in the next few years.

A hamstrung Britain is obviously unable to deter other countries. Revenge, grievance and complaint are naturally indispensable.

No matter how big the trouble was, Britain, as a defeated country, would not be able to provoke a war to retaliate.

Other terms are insignificant, but compensation is the most eye-catching. It's not that the amount was huge. Compared with France's compensation back then, the British were still billions short.

What is really surprising is the distribution of the amount of reparations between Britain, the United States and Japan. The Japanese only contributed 500 million, which everyone can understand.

The Japanese government is already very poor. 500 million Aegis has been their fiscal revenue for more than ten years. If it is more, it will really be too much debt.

What's more, although the Japanese were on the wrong team, they also made great contributions in the attack on the Russians.

It's just that this kind of credit cannot be put on the table. They deserve some care, not to mention that they have lost all their colonies and their armaments are also restricted.

It's just that the Japanese government probably won't be able to appreciate this kind of preferential treatment. It is estimated that once the contents of the treaty spread, it will be time to punish the national traitors again.

In comparison, it is extremely unfriendly to the United States. They are also accomplices. If the Japanese compensate 500 million, they will have to pay 32.5 billion, which is almost the same as the British.

There is no doubt that this is again the result of insider trading. The total amount of 66 billion in reparations was jointly determined by the Continental Alliance, but the distribution of war reparations among the three countries was the result of the activities of the three countries.

For the purpose of dividing the relations between the three countries, the Vienna government deliberately indulged all this. In the end, Britain, which was ruthless, naturally won and successfully dumped half of the debt to its allies.

This is still the result of someone seeing that they were unhappy and intentionally stumbling upon them, otherwise the United States would have to pay even more.

No matter what others thought, when Franz saw this treaty, he didn't understand how the Americans dared to sign it.

You know, in order to protest the unfair treatment at the Vienna Peace Conference, the Japanese representative refused to sign.

However, after the Alliance fleet blocked the Sea of ​​Japan and held a bonfire banquet in Tokyo, the Japanese representative decisively signed his name.

It is said that the unlucky guy was going to engage in seppuku after the signing was completed, but no samurai sword was found at the scene, so he had to give up temporarily.

Then, of course, I was warned by officials from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. It doesn't matter if you commit seppuku. You can do it as you please when you return home. If something happens in Vienna, the Nanyang Fleet will go to Tokyo to visit.

With the signing of the Vienna Agreement, half of the task of the peace conference was completed. The next step was to form the United Nations and establish a new international order.

Different from the past when all the powerful forces stood side by side, this time it was completely dominated by the Shinra family. Theoretically speaking, Franz can completely construct the international order according to his own will.

Obviously, this is impossible. Regardless of the weak strength of each country, without everyone's cooperation, this international order really cannot be established.

As the big winner of this war, what the Holy Roman Empire now needs is a stable world.

Making troubles everywhere, instigating relations between countries, and playing with regional balance are what British island countries do.

As a powerful mainland overlord, he has to play these little tricks and just go directly to the conspiracy.

Looking at the map on the wall, the double eagle flags all over the world became a beautiful scenery. Franz said slowly: "The establishment of the United Nations must be accelerated; but the organizational structure and functions do not need to be finalized in a hurry.

The world The war has just ended, and international conflicts are in a period of easing. We do not need an organization above our heads for the time being. If we insist on going our own way, it will easily trigger everyone's resistance. In a short period of time, the United Nations will act as a liaison organization, and its specific functions will be based on subsequent needs. Fill it slowly.

This world has never been peaceful. As long as human beings still exist, contradictions will be the eternal subject. When international conflicts intensify, countries will naturally realize the value of the existence of the United Nations." It is not easy to be the boss. For the sake of long-term stability, , Franz must take into account the feelings of all countries and cannot offend everyone.

The United Nations must exist, but we cannot let everyone think that this is a conspiracy by Shinra, who wants to use this organization to interfere in the internal affairs of various countries and dominate the world.

As the only overlord, and still far behind his competitors, Franz is not at all anxious when it comes to establishing an international order.

Just take your time. If you finish things all at once, what will the next emperor do?
Prime Minister Chandler: "Your Majesty, the issue of the United Nations is easy to handle. As long as this organization is not given substantive power, countries will not refuse to join.

The trouble is the follow-up issue. The countries have signed the agreement, but can they perform it as agreed? , is still an unknown number.

Britain's problem should not be big. In the world war that just ended, Britain lost at least three million people, which was when the anti-war sentiment among the people was the strongest.

What's more, our feelings about the British Empire The punishment is not harsh. Except for the slightly larger amount of compensation, the rest has little to do with the ordinary British people.

Japan and the United States are different. Looking at the performance of the Japanese representatives, we know that Japan cannot accept such armistice conditions, and there will be more follow-up It is inevitable to continue to make trouble.

Not to mention the United States, which has a lot of internal contradictions. The Vienna Peace Conference has not yet begun, and the domestic troubles have begun. The terms of the treaty against the United States are too harsh. Once word is spread back, I am afraid there will be another storm. “ The overall situation, that's what politicians need to consider. The reaction of ordinary people has always been to follow their own hearts, and if they are dissatisfied, they are dissatisfied.

The fragile Japanese nationalism and the chaotic chaos of the United States obviously cannot withstand the blow of the Vienna Agreement.

The public turmoil will inevitably be affected politically.

There are already some signs of madness in Japan these days. Franz would not be surprised at all if a coup was launched to overthrow the traitorous government.

Although the nationalism of the United States is not that overwhelming, each state is a big prince, and its power is no less than that of the states under Shinra.

A coup is unlikely, but impeaching the president and changing the government is a matter of minutes.

When the political situation is unstable, treaties become useless paper. If you want Japan and the United States to fulfill their agreement, you don't know who to contact.

Knocking on the table, Franz said calmly: "Let them make a fuss, maybe there will be unexpected gains.

The Russians suffered heavy losses in this war, and they did not get the India they wanted after the war. Nicholas II might not be able to swallow his anger and punish Japan.

A few days ago, didn't the Far Eastern Empire want to take back the colonies occupied by the Japanese?

That's good. If the Japanese make trouble, Just sell the Japanese colonies to the Far Eastern Empire. Order the Nanyang Fleet to block Japanese waters and let them send troops to regain the lost territory.

The United States can do it better. It is not afraid of them making trouble, just afraid that they will not make trouble. Add fire to them and provoke war among the states. The war was obviously launched by the eastern states for their own interests. Why should the western and central states pay the bill?
If the United States really breaks up, exemption from compensation is not unnecessarily negotiable. The responsibility belongs to Washington, independent The new nation does not need to be responsible for this."

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1159 The Emperor's New2021-02-22Author : Xin Haiyue 1 Clothes A defeated country is easy to deal with. Anyway, in this era where big fists are the truth, if you don't accept it, just fight again.

Without Britain as the leading brother, Japan and the United States would not be able to make trouble even if they wanted to.

What really needs the Vienna government to worry about is its former good ally - the Russian Empire.

This time, that time. With the victory of the World War, the dragon slayer has taken over the role of the evil dragon.

As your identity changes, your stance will naturally change as well. Former allies have now become competitors.

Whether or not to use evil hands to kill the Russian Empire is a question worth studying.

The Russian Civil War has reached a climax. With the support of European countries at all costs, the rebels are getting stronger day by day, sweeping most of the Russian Empire.

This time we can't really blame the Tsarist government. Although their incompetence created conditions for the rebels to grow bigger, the core reason was still the enemy's lack of martial ethics.

The Russian Revolutionary Party had not yet become a phenomenon. Although it launched rebellions in big cities such as St. Petersburg and Moscow, they were quickly suppressed by the tsarist government because of the lack of mass base.

Now it is independent organizations in various places that carry out the important task of anti-Russia. There is a mass base, but due to strong nationalism and regional overtones, the influence of independent organizations is mostly concentrated in a certain area.

The most representative ones are the Polish Independence Organization, the Bulgarian Independence Organization, the Finnish Independence Organization, and the Afghan guerrillas.

These organizations all have a common characteristic: their influence is limited to one place and they are unable to set off a nationwide anti-Russian wave.

After the anti-Russian war broke out, these independent organizations that were not affiliated with each other fell into fighting on their own. Under normal circumstances, it is only a matter of time before it is extinguished.

It's a pity that external forces are now involved. At the beginning, everyone still knew the rules and only provided funds, weapons and equipment secretly.

As the battlefield situation develops, everyone's investment intensity is also increasing. In order to ensure the final victory, their moral integrity will inevitably be reduced a little.

First, volunteers were sent to participate in the Russian Civil War. However, it was difficult to lead teammates, so everyone had no choice but to join the "mercenary army".

The Swiss Guards, the Prussian Eagle, the Hessian mercenaries, the French Big Rooster, the Angels, the Swedish Trojans... all mercenary organizations with some reputation in the world have appeared on the battlefield.

According to incomplete statistics, the number of mercenaries active on the Russian battlefield has exceeded 100,000.

Don't ask why there are so many mercenaries participating in the war. The question is: International righteous people cannot stand the brutal rule of the Russians and want to rescue the various ethnic groups enslaved by the tsarist government.

What seemed like a civil war in Russia had actually evolved into a war between the tsarist government and various European countries. With one against many, the tsarist government would naturally suffer a tragedy.

With endless strike movements, rebels sweeping the world, and the bourgeoisie and new aristocracy eager to seize power, the tsarist government has fallen into a difficult situation.

The Finnish region in the north has been completely occupied, and the rebels are repairing fortifications in the Karelian Isthmus and Lake Ladoga; the Polish rebels and Lithuanian rebels in the west have joined forces, and there are no more flags of the Tsarist government on the Pod Plain, and the war is raging. In the Belarus region;
the central and southern Caucasus is full of smoke and Ukrainian guerrillas are everywhere. The Russian Balkans is now ruled by the Bulgarian Independence Army, and only one Constantinople belongs to the tsarist government ; the Central Asian steppes have once again fallen into the hands of tribes. In the world, there are no Russians in Afghanistan;
the Siberian rebels and the Russian army are fighting fiercely, and for a while there is no winner;

most of the Far East is in the hands of the Japanese, although a treaty has been signed, but When it will be implemented is still unknown.

Judging from the current situation, as long as the Vienna government adds to the fire, the Tsarist government is likely to be really cool.

Suppressing the Russian Empire is one thing, killing the Tsarist government is another. These are two completely different concepts.

What Franz wanted to do was to preserve the tsarist government as much as possible while weakening the Russian Empire.

The specific plan is to make Finland, Poland, Bulgaria, Ukraine, the Baltic Sea region, the Caucasus region, and Central Asia independent, and it is best to separate Siberia and the Far East.

Plans are plans, reality is reality. Even if the Vienna government were to die in person, Nicholas II would not be able to accept such a condition that would humiliate the country.

It is estimated that if we overthrow the tsarist government and replace it with a bourgeois government, the probability of compromise will be even higher.

If we can't reach an agreement, we can only find ways to create established facts. Then use time to force the Russians to slowly accept reality.

Looking at the Russian map filled with small flags on the sand table, Franz asked with concern: "Based on the current situation, is it possible for the rebels to capture St. Petersburg?" The established facts are not easy to create, and the areas where the rebels are active are , except for a few areas that are dangerous and can be defended, most areas are flat.

Now it seems that the rebels are powerful. Once the tsarist government calms down, the situation will soon reverse.

For example: the main force of the Russian army in India returns home, and the alliance lifts the blockade on Russia. The comparison of strength between the two sides will turn upside down in an instant.

Even with the support of European countries, it would be difficult for the rebels to defeat the tsarist government. Except for a few areas that can rely on natural dangers to support themselves, most areas cannot escape the clutches of the Russians.

In any case, the Russians are nominally allies. It is impossible for the Vienna government to hold on to the Russian troops on the Indian front line all the time, let alone implement a long-term material blockade against Russia.

With the end of the world war, these two practical problems can no longer be postponed. If you want to dismember the Russian Empire, you can only do it before the main force of the Russian army returns home.

Human nature is complex. Although the tsarist government has experienced a lot of beatings from society in recent decades, it has also achieved many brilliant victories and its spirits are high.

If you want them to accept the reality, the only way to get rid of the Russians' arrogance is first. Short of a brutal, ongoing war, the easiest solution would be to allow the rebels to capture St. Petersburg.

Once the regime was overturned, the primary issue before the tsar and the nobility was not to maintain national unity, but to find a way to restore it.

At that time, no matter how arrogant they are, in order to complete the restoration, they will find reasons to temporarily compromise and leave the problem to be solved in the future.

In the past, there was no problem playing like this. Just put the country in the hands of the rebels temporarily, and then complete the reunification of the country when they become stronger.

However, this turbulent juncture in the early 20th century coincided with the rise of nationalism. Once the country achieved independence, the people could no longer tolerate continued slavery.

Prime Minister Chandler: "The Russian rebels are now very powerful, mainly relying on the support of their own nation. The combat effectiveness of the rebel army will be greatly reduced if they leave the gathering area.

Although some people have helped the rebels improve the government organizational structure, that is limited to One place and one region. The rebels in various places still operate independently and have no way to unite to deal with the Tsarist government.

Because of the distance, if the rebels want to attack St. Petersburg, only the rebels in Finland, Poland, and Lithuania can really participate in the war.

And in On the battlefield in Eastern Europe, the government forces and the rebels have essentially reached a stalemate, and it is difficult to tell the winner for a while.

Unless an elite force joins to break the current stalemate on the battlefield, there will be no hope of victory. The hope of St. Petersburg."

The elite troops can naturally only be selflessly sponsored by the supporters behind the scenes. As the number of people participating in the war increases, the reputation of mercenaries is no longer useful.

One hundred thousand mercenaries is an exaggeration enough. Almost all mercenary organizations in the world have been "engaged" in the war. It would be difficult to write more history books.

If the troops are increased again, everyone will know that European countries have sent troops to intervene in the Russian Civil War. Everyone is concerned about face. It's okay to do things secretly, but it would be embarrassing to talk about it on the stage.

The main reason to blame is that the Russian Revolutionary Party failed to do its best. Even though it received a large amount of aid, the uprising still failed.

If the revolutionary party could set off a revolutionary wave in St. Petersburg or Moscow, there would be no current troubles at all.

"Who knows? You must know that as early as 1848, the French organized a volunteer army to prepare to support the Polish independence movement.

Although it was eventually canceled due to various reasons, this internationalist spirit is still worthy of recognition.

The recent French rebellion The Russian movement is on the rise, and countless French people want to welcome back their compatriots who were robbed and enslaved by the Russians. It is said that some people have organized volunteer armies.

Although some French people have made big mistakes before, now they want to rescue their compatriots and support the Russian nation. We have no reason to stop the independence movement.

Maybe, the French volunteers will fight to the Russian Empire and contribute to the cause of human liberation."

It can be seen from Frederick's exaggerated tone that he is now eager to I want to see the Russians so unlucky that they lose all moral integrity.

Intervening in the civil war of allies and attempting to split the allies are all shady things, and the Vienna government cannot do them.

In this context, the scapegoat is very important. Although everyone with a discerning eye knows that this is "The Emperor's New Clothes", the game must be played.

As for the existence of the French Volunteer Army, it is no longer important. The key depends on whether the Vienna government needs their existence now.

Franz smiled slightly, obviously satisfied with his son's ability to adapt. Today is different from the past. The HRE as the world's hegemon and the HRE as the European hegemon are two different concepts.

The European hegemon HRE still has competitors. The Vienna government must unite more allies and cannot be too overbearing in politics and diplomacy.

The world overlord's Shinra is different. It's appropriate to behave a little out of the ordinary. If you don't directly tear up the Russian-Austrian alliance, then you have some moral integrity.

Even if some people are dissatisfied, they can only hold it in for now. Being able to introduce a scapegoat is already saving face for the Russians.

Otherwise, if they intervene in Russia's internal affairs now, the tsarist government will have no choice but to passively accept the reality, without even thinking about anyone coming out to uphold justice.

After thinking for a while, Franz said slowly: "Frederick, from now on, you will be responsible for presiding over the affairs of the Russian Empire, and the cabinet will be responsible for cooperating.

Not only these, you will also take over the subsequent aftermath work. . If nothing else happens, I will abdicate at the end of the year.” “Abdication” is undoubtedly a thunderous sound. If word spreads, it will cause a major earthquake in the world's political arena.

As the person involved, Frederick was immediately confused. Although he has been the crown prince for fifty years, Franz has always been in good health. He has never thought about succeeding to the throne now.

On this issue, it is the same at all times and in all countries. It is rare to hear that an emperor wants to retire. Anyone who abdicates early is almost always forced to do so.

Franz's current situation is obviously different. He has just led Shinra to defeat the British Empire and seized the world hegemony. He is at the peak of his life, and no one can force him.

Looking at everyone who was in a state of confusion, Franz continued to add: "Don't make a fuss, I just feel tired. I want to go out and see the world while my bones can still move." It's okay not to explain, but once I explain Everyone was even more confused. It is really difficult for everyone to connect "going out to see the world" and "abdicating".

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1160: Colonial Transaction2021-02-23Author : Xin Haiyue 1 If you say it, there is no way to take back the water that was thrown out. Especially a major event like the replacement of the throne is no joke.

Now that he had made a decision, Franz was not prepared to change his mind, no matter how others tried to persuade him.

Any profession will get boring after a long time, and the emperor is no exception. Power is certainly tempting, but after holding power for more than fifty years, Franz has long lost his original passion.

If you look at the performance of the past ten years, you will know that a large number of government affairs were delegated to Frederick, and the euphemistic name was to exercise the "political ability of the crown prince", but in fact it was just to be lazy.

No matter how lazy you are, the emperor is still the emperor and needs to be responsible for this country. Franz does not have to deal with specific matters, but he still has to personally formulate the country's long-term development and strategic diplomacy.

In fact, Franz no longer wanted to do it. A man in his 70s or 80s who is still working hard at his job is simply a model worker.

The main reason was that there had been a lot of competition and the international situation was unclear. Franz was not sure whether Frederick could handle it.

Now that the dust has settled, the era of conquering the world is over, the Holy Roman Empire has become a general trend, and the personal ability requirements for the monarch have been greatly reduced.

As a giant, the Holy Roman Empire still has a very high fault tolerance rate. As long as you don't mess around and continue step by step, your dominance can last for at least a hundred years.

Franz was older, and Frederick was not younger either. They were both years old, and they were already past the age of fifty tormenting.

What's more, he has been trained by Franz for more than 20 years. He has seen all the swordsmanship and intrigues in politics, and his edges have been smoothed. As a Keeper, it's just right.

Abdicating does not mean that you can resign just by resigning. The transfer of power also requires a process.

Before that, Franz had to deal with some troublesome things to prevent Frederick from being disgraced as soon as he succeeded to the throne.

For example: enfeoffing states.

Although Shinra now occupies a large amount of territory, the central government can no longer control it, but there are still many people who oppose the split.

Not everyone can see that the colonial system will collapse. In the eyes of most people, colonial rule is still the most trouble-free solution.

Anyway, it has been this way before, and there is nothing wrong with continuing it.

Including the previous localization process in Africa, if Franz had not pushed it hard, it would not have passed at all.

Everyone is opposed to localization, mainly because the cost of governance will increase significantly, and they will not be able to continue to plunder wealth unscrupulously.

However, localization can increase the power of the central government and increase the political voice of the feudal nobles. The main opposition is the capitalists, so it is not difficult to implement it.

It's different for feudal states.

In essence, the royal family and overseas fiefdom nobles benefited most from the establishment of overseas states, followed by local immigrants.

This is not friendly to the central government. It seems that the country has not separated from the empire, and the meat is still in the pot.

However, states have a large amount of autonomy, which directly divides the power of the central government and affects the interests of the bureaucratic group.

When self-interest is involved, struggle is inevitable. Facing the powerful Franz, even if these guys wanted to make a scene, they would think twice before doing so. This would not be the case with Frederick.

Human nature cannot stand the test. Franz does not think that every bureaucrat below is a loyal minister and filial son.

In many cases, the objection does not require specific actions, as long as the things you are asked to do cannot be done. When it comes to the ability to hold things back, all bureaucrats are equally professional.

In Franz's view, ministerial power and monarchy are complementary to each other and at the same time antagonistic to each other.

No monarch likes a strong minister, and no minister likes a strong monarch.

An unscrupulous thought: The emperor is so capable, why do he need his ministers?
In Franz's time, the emperor was too powerful, and even if everyone had thoughts in their hearts, they could only suppress them in their hearts.

With Frederick in charge, it would be hard to say. If it is not handled well, it will damage the monarch's prestige.

Nicholas II is a ready-made negative example. The bureaucrats of the Vienna government may not be so bold, but it is still possible to take advantage of the opportunity to make a show of power.

If the new king succeeds to the throne, the first big thing will be messed up, and there will be no hope of having high prestige in front of the ministers in the future.

From this point of view, the ancient saying of "not changing your father's ways for three years" still makes sense.

"The more you do, the more you will make mistakes; the less you do, the less you will make mistakes; the less you do, the better."

With a three-year buffer period, the political situation has stabilized and the monarch's prestige has increased, and it will be much easier to do things again.

Leaving the daily affairs to Frederick, Franz took the HRE map and drew circles. Enfeoffment is never an easy task, and there are numerous issues that need to be considered.

Not only politics, economy, and strategy must be considered, but also the local humanities and social background, as well as the personal abilities and wishes of the recipients.

They were all family members, and Franz didn't want to cause any unpleasantness over this issue. It is impossible for a bowl of water to be flat. A feudal country is destined to be fat or thin.

...

With the end of the World War, Lisbon once again returned to its former prosperity. Only the damaged buildings left behind told the world that it had just experienced a civil war.

There is no doubt that the Portuguese republicans were misled by the revolutionary party. Because of being "rebelled", they were directly dealt with by the counter-rebellion Allied forces.

The reality is such a comedy. Carlos I has been controlled by domestic interest groups for a long time and has been unable to control state power according to his own will.

Unexpectedly, after a wave of exile and restoration, interest groups suffered heavy losses, and Carlos I actually took control of the country.

"Reform" is once again on the agenda. It's just that the object of imitation this time is no longer Britain and France, but the Holy Roman Empire, which has once again reached the top.

Before formal reforms, the Portuguese government still has an important issue to resolve.

With the end of the World War, Africa has completely transformed into HRE's Africa. The Portuguese African colonies suddenly became embarrassed.

Being neighbors with an overlord is definitely not an easy task. The entire African continent is occupied by the HRE. Who can guarantee that the Vienna government has no ideas about Portuguese Africa?
Even if there are no ideas now, it does not mean there will be no ideas in the future. Once the Vienna government became interested in Portuguese Africa, it would be a disaster for Portugal.

As a small country, Portugal relies on being aware of current affairs to gain a foothold in the European world.

Instead of waiting to be robbed later, it is better to take the initiative to exchange for benefits. Portuguese Africa was not a good place anyway, and it was losing money every year.

Carlos I asked: "How was the negotiation? What price are the Austrians willing to pay?" Reform requires money. Although Portugal is an old colonial empire, its colonies have been in the hands of interest groups for a long time. Not only did the government fail to make any money from it, Money, on the contrary, money has to be put into it every year.

If it were before, Carlos would still be worried about the opposition of vested interest groups, but now there is no need to worry. Those people have already seen God in the previous restoration war.

The Allies did it so simply, so naturally there was an exchange of interests. Just listen to the propaganda of the Revolutionary Party and you will know: The tyrant Carlos betrayed the national interests and colluded with foreign forces to suppress the republican government...

The "tyrant" was really wronged. As far as Carlos I's performance is concerned, it has nothing to do with "cruelty" and is simply due to his own incompetence.

Selling out national interests is even more nonsense. How can a king want to betray his country? It's not because of his lack of strength that he has to compromise with foreign countries.

For example, now, with the positive performance of Carlos I, it is difficult not to make people suspect that he made a secret deal with the Vienna government.

But everyone is a smart person. Except for the revolutionary party and the republicans who slipped through the net, everyone else chose to see through the situation but not speak out.

This is the helplessness of a small country. It is too weak to face the world hegemon Portugal. No matter what kind of deal there is, as long as an agreement is reached, it must be fulfilled.

"The Vienna government has given two plans: one is that they will invest 50 million Aegis in one time to buy out our colonies in Africa; the other is to replace the colonies.

On this issue, the Vienna government is still very sincere. They took out three colonies for us to choose from.

They are: Annan in Indochina, the eastern part of the former Persian Empire, and the southern territory of the former Colombia in South America.

According to the information provided by the Vienna government, these three colonies have their own advantages. The Annan region has the largest population and the best economic conditions.

The eastern region of Persia is connected to our Indian colonies, and the advantage of southern Colombia is that it has the largest territory."

It can be seen that Frank is very satisfied with this transaction. No matter which transaction plan the king chooses in the end, the answer sheet of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is enough to explain to the people.

Everyone present was shocked and thought to themselves: It was actually an equal deal. Could it be that they had made a mistake before? Portuguese Africa was not a condition in exchange for the support of the Vienna government for restoration?
Doubt is doubt, but that's a good thing. Since it is an equal transaction, there is no need to worry about being criticized.

It is not easy for a small country to do this. If you want to take advantage, then just go to bed. Being a world hegemon is a vegetarian.

As if he had expected it, Carlos I smiled slightly: "These options are all acceptable. Let's leave it to the parliament for discussion, so as not to keep them complaining that we are arbitrary."

...

Tokyo, since the signing of the Vienna Agreement As soon as the news came, a massive campaign to denounce national traitors broke out in Japan.

It is ceding territory and paying reparations. For the fragile Japanese nationalists, this is simply intolerable.

The delegation has not returned home yet, so this firepower can only be taken up by the Japanese government first. In order to alleviate domestic conflicts, the Japanese government headed by Katsura Taro was forced to take the blame and resign.

However, this is not enough. The angry patriotic young people put forward the demand of "no inch of land, no compensation of a round".

It would be fine if it was just a riot among the people. Anyway, this is not a once or twice incident. The Japanese government has rich experience in dealing with it.

The troublesome military followed suit. Not to mention the navy. Since the defeat in the Malacca naval battle, they have become Japan's sinners, and politically they have no say at all.

The biggest problem now is that the overseas armies refuse to retreat, want to defend Japan's colonies to the death, and demand that the government refuse to implement the Vienna Agreement.

International treaties are not child's play, how can it be said that if they are not implemented, they will not be implemented?
The smoke in Tokyo Bay has just dissipated, and it will be less than a month before the Shinra Navy holds a bonfire banquet in Tokyo.

People below can take it lightly, but as high-level government officials, they must consider the horrific consequences of refusing to implement the treaty.

Today is different from the past. The Russian Empire is mired in civil war and unable to extricate itself. The European world no longer needs Japan to contain Russia.

The chess pieces that have lost their value become dispensable and are only one step away from being "abandoned".

The previous bonfire banquet in Tokyo was a warning from the Vienna government. If you continue to disobey, it will be really dangerous.

For a time, the Japanese Council of Elders was in a dilemma.

Recommended book "I will never hang myself in Chongzhen", introduction: Dignity only exists on the edge of my sword,
truth only exists within the range of my artillery.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1161: The Conscience of Politicians2021-02-25Author : Xin Haiyue 1 Also unwilling to be reconciled are the Americans. They obviously just followed the soy sauce once, but they actually want to enjoy treatment similar to that of the villain and protagonist of the British Empire.

With so many members of the Oceanic Alliance participating in this war, why should they receive special treatment?
If we can't find the reason, it's because the government is incompetent. Other countries know how to stop losses in time, but they follow the British all the way to the dark side. What if they are not incompetent?
As for the efforts of the Washington government, sorry, this is an era where heroes are judged by success or failure. No matter how many reasons there are, failure is failure.

As soon as the contents of the treaty spread, the United States exploded. Massive demonstrations broke out in various states, and the situation was only slightly better than in Japan.

In Washington, the deafening protests echoed across the sky, even in the White House.

Theodore Roosevelt is now in a very headache. Opposition members have submitted an impeachment case to Congress. If nothing else happens, a vote will be held next time Congress opens.

Judging from the current situation, if the issue of the Vienna Agreement cannot be resolved, he will become another president in American history who was impeached and resigned.

How easy is it to just overturn the Vienna Agreement? Had it been possible to refuse, the representatives of the United States would not have signed at all.

Facing the Continental Alliance, the strength of the United States is too small. At the Vienna Peace Conference, the United States delegation had no say.

It was not until the treaty was finalized that they were notified to sign. Failure to sign means war. The Japanese have learned the consequences of refusal first.

Instead of accepting the reality after being severely beaten by society, it is better to face it proactively. The United States delegation was forced to sign at the peace conference.

Looking at the contents of the treaty, it seemed as if it was as heavy as a thousand pounds, and Roosevelt's hands were shaking. Except that the cession of colonies was acceptable, all other terms were pitfalls.

Needless to say, the huge war reparations were an astronomical sum, and everyone in the United States had to fight for three years without eating or drinking.

These days, the United States is just a large copycat factory. Industrial technology lags far behind Europe, and the military industry is no exception.

Although advanced weapons such as airplanes and tanks can be built, the military refuses to use them. You can imagine how poor their performance is.

In any case, advanced weapons have to be imported from abroad. Closing the military industry seems to have little impact.

Obviously, this is just an ordinary person's opinion. As a politician, Roosevelt was well aware of the consequences of not having a military industry.

If it really agrees, then the United States will just be a second-rate country, a yes-man in the world, and develop its economy.

But the problem is that the current situation cannot allow the United States to refuse. War sounds easy to talk about, but despite the earth-shattering slogans outside, if a fight really breaks out, it will end in a different way.

Anyone who knows anything about the United States knows that since the independence of the South, the reputation of the Washington government has plummeted, and its binding force on the states has further declined.

Successive Washington administrations have been trying to find ways to integrate the states in the country. Including participating in this war, in addition to the promotion of domestic interest groups, there is also the intention of taking the opportunity to integrate domestic states.

It's a pity that the United States was unlucky. The world war ended before it could integrate the states in the country.

How could the scattered United States be the opponent of the Continental Alliance?

As far as Roosevelt knew, the strength of the United States' pocket army may not be as effective as the militias of certain states in the country.

If the Washington government dares to go to war, the following states dare to play neutral. Don't think that self-protection in the southeast is a patent of the Far Eastern Empire. It has already appeared in the Western world.

If you are pushed too hard, you may become independent directly. The worst case scenario is colluding with the Continental Alliance. Anyway, don't expect to be buried with them.

At this time, counting on the bourgeoisie is just a dream. For capitalists, the most important thing is always their own wealth, not the maintenance of the sovereignty of the United States.

Interest groups cannot count on it, and neither can the people. It's okay for patriotic young people to shout slogans, but what they really want to do is start a war with the Continental Union. We need to first figure out the composition of the United States.

Originally European immigrants, God knows how many of them have ties to their home countries.

If you ask a random person on the street, he will probably tell you: English, Irish, Austrian, Russian, Belgian... but he will not say that he is American.

The real unification of the original United States of Time and Space took place after World War I. Before that, everyone was a foreigner.

It is obviously unrealistic to expect a group of foreigners to defend the United States. As long as the Continental Alliance is willing to bid, there is no need to worry about the lack of a leading party.

It can be said that 99% of Americans are not willing to break out of war with the Continental Union.

Including President Roosevelt himself, he did not want a war to break out with the Continental Union at this time, because it meant that the guillotine was not far away.

No war criminals were pursued during this world war. That was because the British government surrendered quickly. If it had been slower, France would have learned from the past.

The French emperor and nobles escaped disaster because they all played in the same political circle. War criminals outside the circle would be guillotined as long as they were caught.

"Is there no room for maneuver?"

Roosevelt asked helplessly.

"No!"

Secretary of State Pitt replied affirmatively, and then explained: "According to top-secret information from Vienna, Emperor Franz intends to abdicate early.

With his style, he will definitely leave a stable world for his son. It is necessary to clean up the hidden dangers that may cause trouble before.

Unfortunately, we happened to bump into it, giving the Vienna government an opportunity to exploit the situation. This armistice treaty is a conspiracy to split the United States.

Rumors have now spread that if the states do not want to bear huge war reparations, they can just secede from the United States.

In my personal judgment, this news should be true. According to the provisions of the Vienna Agreement, the Holy Roman Empire took away nearly four-fifths of the war reparations, and the exemption of part of the war reparations was nothing.

The amount of war reparations is too huge, and our central government cannot afford it, so it must be divided among the federal states.

Once we start allocating, big trouble begins. No matter what distribution method is used, it cannot satisfy everyone.

Especially for the economically backward federal states in the central and western regions, which have been running fiscal deficits for consecutive years, I simply can't imagine the consequences of another war reparations! "

Split, this is a more serious topic than defeat. Since the establishment of the United States, internal conflicts have never been less. The same immigrants are also divided into three, six, and nine grades. Generally speaking, the European world still follows the chain of contempt. Western Europe Look down on Central Europe, and Central Europe look down on Eastern Europe.

As for Southern Europe and Northern Europe, they have never had any sense of existence. They are between Central Europe and Eastern Europe and are often ignored.

With the revival of the Holy Roman Empire, a chain of contempt in the European world gradually occurred Although there have been changes, the social hierarchy in the United States has continued. Now the people with the highest social status are naturally the English, then the immigrants from the HRE, the French, then the immigrants from Spain, Portugal, the Netherlands and other countries, and those at the bottom are the Italian immigrants. , Eastern European immigrants, and the Irish.

Not to mention the immigrants of color further down, they have no social status at all.

Because the immigration time is different, the branches of each ethnic group in the United States are also different. Balance, for example: English immigrants are mostly concentrated in the eastern states, with a relatively small proportion in the central and western parts of the country.

Such a population division cannot be seen in normal times, but it becomes a big problem at critical moments.

Once the Continental Union and these ethnic groups Once you hook up, things can happen in minutes. At least the Irish, who are at the bottom of society, are not willing to eat in the same pot as the English.

Just like the Civil War, several states that were originally neutral were After the intervention of the European powers, they fell to the south.

Now the trouble is even greater. The European world is already a dominant power, and the Holy Roman Empire has basically completed the integration of the European continent.

Looking out the window, Roosevelt sighed and said slowly : "As much as possible, try to appease the federal states, and we must not allow the United States to split again, otherwise we will be the sinners of history! "

You talk tough, but you don't have the confidence in your heart. The terrible thing about conspiracy is that you know the enemy's plan, but you want to stop it but you can't do anything about it.

"Tolerance is the country" is not suitable for the United States. Since it is established because of interests , can naturally be divided because of interests, and the independence of the South is the best proof. With the development of the economy, the differences between the east and west of the United States have become increasingly obvious. Without the help of the Panama Canal, the economy of the western federal states has not improved.

The eastern states have not improved. The consortium regards the central and western regions as economic colonies, and the central and western states are also not to be outdone, playing tit-for-tat with local trade protection.

Coupled with the instigation of international forces, the relationship between the eastern states and the central and western states has not been good. The conflicts should be coordinated. Washington was very powerless in the face of the "various princes" in the country.

The plan to integrate the country failed, and Roosevelt had no hope for the future of the United States. Trying to maintain national unity was the last "morality" of a politician.

Secretary of State Pete shook his head: "Mr. President, I think these issues no longer need to be considered by us. Maybe next week, the place will change owners.

The opposition party is probably unaware of the enemy's plot to split the United States, and is now busy driving us out of office in order to realize its own political ideas. "

I don't know why, but I always feel that Peter is "gloating".

They were already unlucky enough. They were sent to a chariot by domestic interest groups, lost their reputation during and after death, and were nailed to the pillar of shame.

Unexpectedly , in this darkest moment, there are still people who take the initiative to jump into the pit.

They have taken the blame for the war, but compared with the division of the United States, the responsibility for the defeat is still lighter.

Just like the current history of the United States In the book, the worst president has always been the unlucky Lincoln, not other real bastards.

After being stunned, Roosevelt nodded slightly. After a series of bad news, he finally received a piece of good news.

"Well! “ The matter involves the Holy Roman Empire, and we must deal with it carefully. Everyone must strictly keep confidentiality until they are sure whether something is true or not.

Let's collect relevant information first. If we are really impeached and step down, then hand over the information to the next president. We must not let the United States be divided..."

People will not be punished for their own sake. If someone rushes to take over, Roosevelt will naturally not Stopped him.

If the interest groups behind him did not allow him to back down, Roosevelt would have given up his job long ago.

Now that the opposition party wants to seize power, it would be perfect. If he steps down after being impeached, he can give an account to all parties.

As for the enemy's conspiracy, leave it to the next president to solve. Anyway, this is the tradition of the United States. Almost every government will leave more or less trouble for the next one.

Roosevelt is considered to have a conscience, at least he collects Without the information, if they just pretend to be confused, the next government will not even have time to react.

...

In Canada, with the signing of the Vienna Agreement, the Dominion government had to face the problem of retreat.

"The London government has repeatedly urged us to start retreating as soon as possible, otherwise the enemy will attack.

I can't imagine how to explain to the people. Once the news spreads, I'm afraid they will want to tear me alive! ” complained Prime Minister Mackenzie Powell.

Disobey?

If the troops of the Holy Roman Empire would not come, everyone would not mind having a good argument with the London government.

It's a pity that it can't be done now. The World War has been lost, the British government cannot protect itself, and the Dominion of Canada has become a pariah.

It's okay for his family to be upset, but facing the ferocious Shinra army, the Dominion government really has no confidence.

The more people know, the more they know awe. What could the Dominion of Canada do to resist an enemy that even the British Empire could not resist?

Do not hesitate to fight. It sounds nice to say, but it is difficult to do. With just a few million people in Canada, it would undoubtedly be an egg against a stone when faced with a world hegemon.

What's more, there are orders from the London government. The responsibility for abandoning Canada does not need to be borne by everyone present.

"Don't worry, Prime Minister. Giving up Canada is an order from the London government. It's not your idea. I believe the people will understand.

Anyway, it can't be delayed any longer. If we solve it earlier, we can retire earlier. It hasn't happened for several years. I've returned to Central, and I don't know what's going on in the country now.

It probably won't be too good, I heard the enemy's bombing is very severe, I hope the situation won't be too bad!"

Charles said slowly.

Unlike Mackenzie Powell, who had lived in Canada for decades, Charles was a civil servant directly appointed by the London government. He had just arrived a few years ago, so he naturally did not have a strong sense of belonging to the Canadian Dominion.

If it is lost, it is lost, and there will be only one colony left and right. Colonial empires collapsed, including India, let alone Canada, which has no eggs.

As a qualified civil servant, Charles has made enough money in the past few years. Without this job, he will return to Central early to reunite with his relatives.

"Sir, if we just leave like this, it would be too cheap for the Austrians! Otherwise..."

Before Mackenzie Powell could finish speaking, Charles immediately interrupted: "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, today is different from the past. The world is different from before.

The Holy Roman Empire has just become the world's hegemon. Any small actions we make at this time may lead to unpredictable risks.

A bad operation will not only bring disaster to ourselves, but also to the country. Britain can no longer stand the endless troubles."

Although the matter of insider trading was not discussed in detail, everyone still accepted the London government's repeated strict orders.

Although the Dominion of Canada has been established, it is far from having as much autonomy as later generations, and it is far from an independent country.

It seems that Prime Minister Mackenzie Powell is the top local leader. In fact, Charles, a civil servant appointed by the London government, has no less say in the government than him.

If he really insists on refusing the London government's order, whether Mackenzie Powell can leave the house today is a question mark.

They decided to abandon the Canadian Dominion anyway, and the British government no longer needs to take into account the feelings of Canadians.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1162: Life is like a play.2021-02-26Author : Xin Haiyue 1 In Ottawa, the radio has sounded.

"Good afternoon citizens, I am your Prime Minister Mackenzie Powell. I am very sorry to disturb you at this time.

Yes, I have bad news today. The rumors that have been circulating before are true, we are defeated The London government signed an armistice treaty with the Continental League. Perhaps some compatriots already know that it was the "Vienna Agreement" that was published in the newspaper before. Due to the military pressure of the enemy ,

the London government was forced to give up all overseas autonomous territories. and colonies, including Canada.

I know that everyone is unwilling to accept this bad news, and I am not willing to accept it, but now everyone must be patient and listen to what I have to say.

...

In order to save Canada, in the past two months, we have put in all our efforts, but the outcome has still not changed.

Some people may think that this is because the country has abandoned us. I thought so too at first. After all, we have always been inferior to those officials in London.

But take After receiving the information sent from Central, I discovered that it was wrong. This time it was not because I was betrayed, but because the enemy was too powerful.

I have already sent the information to the newspaper, and everyone will be able to see it soon. I am afraid that everyone has never imagined that domestic The current tragic situation.

Our ports are burning in flames, our factories are crying under enemy fire, and even Downing Street and Buckingham Palace are now only ruins.

This is an unequal war, and we have a group of The good-for-nothing pig teammate who can only cause trouble went to challenge the whole world.

Well, I won't go into the specific content. You can read the newspaper for yourself. The actual situation is definitely more serious than what I just said.

Now I want to tell you What everyone wants is: Although we have been defeated, we will never surrender. I believe that the five million Canadians will never be willing to accept the rule of the enemy. Of course , I am not asking everyone to take up arms to defend Canada now. It is stronger than the British Empire. Neither of them are the enemy's opponents, and it is even more impossible for us.

If there is half a chance of saving Canada, I will definitely be the first to carry a gun and go to the battlefield.

Unfortunately, the gap in strength between the two sides is too great. Resistance by force will not bring any sacrifice except sacrifice. Meaning.

As the Prime Minister of Canada, I am incapable of keeping Canada. I have greatly neglected my duty. Now I cannot lead five million Canadians to die together. If the enemy wants to take Canada by force, doesn't it mean that he wants to plunder the wealth of our colonial rule?
Then We will tear down the factories, blow up the bridges, burn the houses and farms, and then we will leave this land together, leaving a ruin to the enemy. The great Canadians will never surrender to any enemy. If they want to enslave us, then Just dreaming again!

After leaving here, we can return to Britain or go to various countries in South America, but we can't let the enemy poop and pee on our heads.

The Parliament has made a decision to immediately organize the people to evacuate Canada and never stay. Give the enemy a screw!

We have reached agreements with many countries, and everyone is free to choose where to immigrate. This is your unqualified Prime Minister, who can do everything now.

Canada is where there are Canadians, and I believe Canada is He will never perish, he will live in our hearts.

..."

The passionate speech did not usher in excitement, and some were just shouts and curses.

Talking about the Canadian spirit these days is a joke.

Everyone is an immigrant from all over the world, and more than half of them are first-generation immigrants. In the minds of most people, Canada is a colony and a place where everyone makes money.

Even if the owner is to be changed, what does it have to do with everyone?

You know, English immigrants only make up a minority here, and other ethnic groups have gross feelings towards the British Empire.

If the owner changes, the owner will change, and everyone's life will continue as usual. Don't look at Canada, which is now British. If you look back in history books, it was not something the British snatched from others.

Now that it's time, Mackenzie Powell shouted a few slogans and asked everyone to abandon their family property and run away together. If they didn't rebel immediately, it would be a loss of face.

At least the Indians were unwilling to follow. Hispanics, Italians, Germans, and Irish won't buy it either.

Most French and Scottish people are not willing to run away, including immigrants from England, but not all are willing to run away.

For the big shots, immigrants running away is just a minor problem, but for ordinary families, it can be a big deal. Even the middle class has to worry about class slippage.

When vital interests are involved, no matter how passionate slogans are, it is difficult to play their due role.

If it were to call on everyone to resist, maybe the effect would be better. It's a pity that the script has been written, and Mackenzie Powell can't add a scene for herself.

Everyone knows that it is unrealistic for more than five million people to run away together, and the Dominion government does not have such strong organizational capabilities.

Mackenzie Powell didn't have that plan, and the government in Vienna didn't have the idea. Now coming out to shout slogans is just to fool everyone.

As long as these die-hard elements are removed, half the deal between the London and Vienna governments is completed.

As for the other half, it was natural to kill the local leaders who were well-known and had no collusion with Shinra. The charges have been laid out - collaborating with the enemy.

Such nonsense will cause "angry and resentment" in the local area, and it doesn't matter. Anyway, Britain has said goodbye to Canada. As a British, why should we care about this?
A similar scene is happening not only in Canada, but also in Australia and New Zealand.

The bureaucrats chanted the slogan "Don't leave a screw for the enemy" and kept fooling the people into running away in preparation for the next handover.

Even if someone wanted to organize armed resistance, they were quickly suppressed by the Dominion government, in the name of avoiding meaningless sacrifices.

...

Compared to Canada, New Zealand, and Australia, which are sparsely populated and cooperative, it is the newly occupied Persia and East Africa that have become troublesome.

As for Indochina, the most populous and civilized Annan region has been given to Portugal, and the rest is no longer a concern.

According to the prior plan, Persia and East Africa will be localized in the future, which requires all uneasy factors to be kicked out.

Then, Frederick's "Empty the Cage and Change the Birds Plan" came out.

"The plan is indeed good, but in what name are we doing it? It involves the movement of tens of millions of people. It cannot be justified without a suitable reason!"

Everyone knows about setting up archways. As the world's hegemon, the Vienna government naturally needs to Pay attention to your own image.

Although he was endorsed by countries all over the world, Frederick felt that he still had to hide it so that his eating appearance would not be so ugly.

Prime Minister Chandler said seriously: "Your Highness, South American countries are vast and sparsely populated, and have a serious shortage of labor, which has affected domestic economic development. We have applied to us many times, hoping to introduce labor. In order to help countries around the world develop and progress together. For this purpose, we graciously approved their talent introduction plan regardless of past grudges."

Everyone knows that this is nonsense. Even if they introduce talents, they are from Europe. I have never heard of them being introduced from Africa.

But this is not important. The Vienna government only needs an excuse that can be put on the table.

As for why South American countries went to introduce talents from Persia and East Africa, that is their own problem and has nothing to do with HRE.

If anyone really asks, it is the decision made by politicians from various South American countries who had their heads kicked by donkeys, bureaucracy took over, and their butts were slapped.

As for whether South American countries will agree with this statement, this worry is completely unnecessary. It is not easy to be a defeated country. The fact that it was not liquidated at the Vienna Peace Conference does not mean that it does not need to pay the price.

By taking over this trouble for the Holy Roman Empire, the previous matter will be over. If they are unwilling to cooperate, then find another government that is willing to cooperate.

As long as the Holy Roman Empire remained the world's hegemon, this statement was the last word. Even if you have objections, you have to hold them in your heart.

Anyway, those who were fleeced were all members of the original Ocean Alliance. Other countries in South America are just following suit and do not need to accept these troubles.

As if his inspiration had been activated, Frederick added: "Perhaps we can add an alternative United States. If they do not split, then add more people to them to increase their domestic national conflicts."

Facts. In the war, the people Frederick really wanted to invade were the British. There is only so much space in the British Isles. If we add several million immigrants, we simply cannot support it.

It is a pity that the subsequent handover of the colony still requires the full cooperation of the British and cannot make things too extreme.

"Yes, Your Highness,"

Prime Minister Chandler replied.

...

"Your Highness, there are problems in the Indian region again. Countries have been quarreling over the issue of boundary monuments.

We have mediated many times, but unfortunately we still have little effect. Often old problems have not been resolved, and new problems arise. Appeared."

From the tired look on Leo's face, it can be seen that being sandwiched among European countries is really uncomfortable for him.

It's not easy to be a hegemon, especially the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of a hegemonic country, which is notoriously busy. There are endless things to deal with every day, and I often travel around the world.

After thinking for a while, Frederick waved his hands and said: "You can do whatever you want. Anyway, as long as they don't start fighting, then let them make trouble! It's okay to make trouble, so as to save them from having nothing to do all day. Wait. When they have had enough trouble and can sit down and talk about things calmly, they will know how to solve the problem."

Life is like a drama, and politics is even more of a drama. Often what the eyes see may not be true.

It seems that European countries have fallen into internal strife because of carving up India's interests. Who can guarantee that this was not done intentionally for the Vienna government to see?
(End of chapter)

Chapter 1163: Three Principalities:2021-02-27Author : Xin Haiyue 1 The aftermath has begun, and the canonization of heroes has also been put on the agenda. The people below were impatient to wait. If Franz hadn't had high prestige and good reputation, they would have started making trouble long ago.

It's not that the military is inefficient, it's mainly that there are too many people canonized this time, and too much coordination and communication work is required.

Although in principle it is voluntary and individual wishes are respected, in practice it is simply impossible to do so.

Good places are snapped up by swarms of people, but bad places are simply ignored. Many times there are multiple heroes eyeing the same piece of land, which requires coordination by the staff department.

The past few months have been spent mainly in wrangling. In order to get more heroes to agree to go to America and Australia, the General Staff also tried their best.

After several months of hard work, we finally came up with a plan acceptable to most people.

The general principle remains the same: the better the land, the smaller the fief area you can get; conversely, the worse the land, the larger the fief area.

In order to allow more people to open up wasteland, Franz also allocated a special amount of funds to provide direct financial assistance to the lords in remote inland areas.

It mainly provides assistance for infrastructure such as roads, bridges, and water conservancy projects. Those who meet the application conditions can directly apply for the project.

In addition, there are also special policy low-interest loans. Make sure everyone has enough funds to build the fiefdom.

Compared with the first nobles who were engaged in colonial development and had to figure out everything by themselves, the current wave of military nobles are much happier.

Policy loan benefits are not only for nobles. Ordinary officers and soldiers who have obtained military merit fields can also apply for a construction loan.

If he hadn't received the overlord bonus, Franz would never have dared to spend money like this. You must know that this is the era of the gold standard, and the government's pockets are also limited.

However, it is different as a world hegemon. Aegis has replaced pounds sterling as the only international currency. Countries that originally held pounds now have to exchange their foreign exchange reserves for Aegis.

The market suddenly expanded, and there were not enough Aegis circulating in the market, so printing tickets became inevitable.

As for the issue of gold reserves, there is no need to worry now.

With the credibility bonus brought by the world's hegemon, as long as there is no flood, there is no need to worry about runs. It doesn't hurt to slightly increase the leverage ratio.

One of the important factors that enabled the Vienna government to quickly get out of its financial difficulties after the war was to issue additional Aegis to the market.

If you have money in your pocket, you will be tough in whatever you do. It can appease the heroes internally and continue to remain strong externally.

It is no easy task to confer titles on thousands of nobles. A separate knighting ceremony is naturally impossible. Not only does Franz have no time, but everyone can't afford to wait.

Even if you are organizing a group to have fun and wholesale, there are still indispensable rituals. The most beautiful moment in life cannot be given enough exposure.

In order to achieve 360-degree shooting without blind spots as much as possible, the photographers were busy and the reporters' cameras kept clicking.

Franz, one of the protagonists, is even more overwhelmed. Fortunately, I managed to hold on, otherwise I would have had a lot of fun.

Franz never wanted to do the same thing a second time. Time makes people grow old, and they are almost eighty in a blink of an eye. It is impossible to accept old age.

"abdicate"!
"abdicate"!
"abdicate"!
At this moment, Franz's determination to abdicate was particularly strong. If the state hadn't been established yet, he would have issued an abdication edict now.

...

In the Palace of Vienna, the direct members of the Habsburg dynasty have gathered together, and the moment has come to decide the future fate of everyone.

As a parent, Franz looked at the high-spirited youngsters and asked seriously: "Are you all ready? You must know that after taking this step, you will have to work hard on your own. The outside world will never be the same. Good news, the difficulties you will face in the future will be several times, or even dozens of times, than before.

All kinds of conspiracies, conspiracies, and human calculations will attack you. If you don't have the ability to face all this, it's still too late to retreat now.

Don't feel ashamed. . It is important for a person to be self-aware. If you want to become a qualified monarch, a clear self-understanding is very important.

If you go out and are driven back, or are sent to the guillotine, that is the real It's embarrassing."

Whether intentionally or not, everyone's eyes turned to Maximilian I.

As a negative example of the family, Maximiliano I's life has not been very easy these years. If it weren't for the thought of restoring the country, I'm afraid my spirit would have collapsed long ago.

For all this, Franz could only express regret. He really didn't mean what he said just now. Just to alert the younger generation, he had to use a heavy hammer.

As for hurting his brother's self-esteem, that's completely overthinking. Over the years, Maximiliano I had never experienced any rolling eyes or sarcasm due to the issue of fundraising for the restoration.

This is how strong idealists are. As long as they can realize their ideals, they can endure any hardship and bear any anger.

This large-scale canonization is essentially to spread risks and increase the family's survivability. Helping Maximilian I in his restoration was a matter of course.

It's just that it will no longer be Maximiliano I himself who completes this plan, but his son will directly succeed him as Emperor of Mexico.

The communication between all parties was almost complete. After suffering a round of social beatings, the powerful Mexican factions turned into royalists and invited Maximiliano I to return to the country to preside over the overall situation.

It's just that Franz didn't trust Maximiliano I's ability. In order to avoid being dragged into cleaning up the mess again, he stopped him directly because he was worried about the health of his unlucky brother.

This is a very good reason. It takes several months to take a boat from Vienna to Mexico, and the sea is very rough and rough. Young people will feel tired, let alone an old man in his seventies.

As a good brother, Franz naturally wants to prevent the tragedy from happening. The great cause of restoration cannot be separated from the support of Franz, and Maximiliano can only be forced to accept the reality.

Realizing the embarrassment of his unlucky brother, Franz decisively changed the subject: "If no one withdraws, then I will issue a letter of appointment.

Next is your last chance to accumulate strength. Once the state is established, you will want to It is difficult to obtain the support of the central government.

I believe you all understand what to do specifically. If you can't solve this trivial matter, then quit quickly and don't embarrass yourself.

You can use the family's resources, but the family is not a certain family. , but a common family for everyone.

If you support your development, the family will provide support, but the resources available to each person are limited. I hope you can use them with caution." When there are more people, there are more things to do, Habsburg The family has also prospered in recent years. Affected by Franz's intrusion, several younger brothers are still alive.

Naturally, it is impossible for these old guys to go out and start a business, but their younger generations can participate. Franz is willing to provide opportunities as long as he proves his ability.

Anyway, the territory acquired this time is large enough, and it doesn't hurt to grant a few more states. Breaking it up can also reduce the risk of trouble in the future.

It's just that sons and nephews are different after all. The resources they get from the family can be the same, but the funding they can get from him, the emperor, is completely different.

Among other things, the emperor's sons were all grand dukes, but the title that his nephews could obtain was only count, and not everyone could obtain it.

The difference is definitely not a tiny bit. Since the rules of the game have been formulated, as an emperor, you must abide by them.

Franz could canonize his son and brother as grand dukes and support them in establishing a state, but he could not allow a group of nephews to establish a state.

Otherwise, if there were a lot of counts in the Holy Roman Empire, wouldn't everyone be able to establish a county?
Now when these nephews go out to start their own businesses, they are doing so under the banner of their fathers, euphemistically saying that they are managing the fiefdom on their behalf.

Whether it will eventually achieve state status is still unknown. At least Franz will not use his authority to enforce it.

Not only the nephews, but also Franz's grandsons found it difficult to establish a state.

In addition to the identity issue, the most critical issue is "no contribution to the country." Under the military merit system, "merit" was the core of the Holy Roman Empire.

It's not that Franz didn't gild the arrangement, it's just that he was too young. The oldest is only in his twenties, so it is impossible for him to be qualified for important positions.

In contrast, several sons are different. He was arranged to serve as governor overseas early on, and he was the commander-in-chief of one side during the world war.

Although these military achievements are not enough to obtain the title of Grand Duke, considering the status bonus of the prince, no one can find fault.

Although several nephews also had arrangements, Franz's investment in resources was obviously much smaller. Because he didn't have any extraordinary military talent, he ended up just following along.

The resources obtained now are different, and the gap will only be wider in the future. Unless they work hard and achieve extraordinary results, they will just become a noble fiefdom aristocrat.

Of course, Franz would never say these words. For the Habsburg family, even one more overseas nobleman is also a kind of strength.

The greater the power of the family, the more stable the imperial power will be. Even if they lose in the power struggle in the future, political opponents will not dare to go too far.

...

On September 18, 1905, Franz issued an edict, canonizing his second son Peter as the Grand Duke of Latin America and entrusting the Austrian Central American colonies; canonizing his third son William as the Grand Duke of Nanyang and entrusting the islands south of Malacca; and canonizing his fourth son George as the Grand Duke of South Asia. Grand Duke Maple Leaf, fiefdom in Canada.

The canonization of Grand Dukes is not news. The key point is that the areas of these Grand Dukes' fiefdoms are unusually large.

However, the people just discussed it and there was no trouble. It is true that the area of ​​the fiefdoms is large, but many of the lands in these fiefdoms are owned by owners.

After deducting the previous military merits of nobles and soldiers, the remaining land is their actual fiefdom.

Most of the best land has been owned by famous flowers, and the rest is undeveloped wasteland. In the short term, except for the relatively big names, there is not much land that is truly valuable.

Considering the status of the prince, such treatment is not surprising. As for the establishment of a state, it is only spread among the upper class circles.

This was a conspiracy. On the surface, the emperor's canonization completely complied with the procedures, and there was no fault in it. The government could not find any reason to oppose it.

The feudal nobles themselves were equivalent to princes. Apart from having no seats in the Imperial Parliament, their other political powers were similar to those of the states.

In the future, these guys want to gain more say in politics, either by promoting localization or applying to the emperor to establish a state.

There is no doubt that the Vienna government does not have the ability to localize so much land, so the establishment of a state is a matter of course.

Naked political hints cannot be hidden from those who are interested. It's just that when faced with a powerful emperor, he was playing dirty tricks, and the opponents didn't know how to oppose him.

While everyone was attracted by the newly announced three Grand Dukes, Franz immediately announced personnel appointments and assigned several nephews and grandsons to serve in the Colonial Department.

After the colonial handover is completed, they will serve as regional colonial governors in New Zealand, Australia, Austrian South America, the Malay Peninsula and other regions.

Establishing a state does not happen overnight, let alone domestic reactions. He did not have a direct lineage team in his hands. Even if Franz issued an edict of canonization, he did not have the ability to rule the place.

All we can do now is help them pave the way. The final result still depends on the development of the future situation.

What can be established in a short period of time are these three principalities. No matter how many Franz are involved, they may not be able to withstand the pressure.

The main reason is that the impact was not good and the people could not feel lucky to have fought a world war. In the end, the benefits were divided among the nobility, royal family, and soldiers.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1164: Chaotic America2021-03-01 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 Riding on the east wind of victory in the World War, and with the support of local powerful factions in Mexico, Count Blue moved into Mexico City on October 16, 1905.

There is no harm without comparison. Thanks to the years of melee in Mexico, the people's patience with the republican government has long been exhausted, and the restoration operation went smoother than expected.

Once the general trend gathers and forms the torrent of the times, it is no longer something that individuals can stop.

Maximiliano I's years of operation were not in vain. He also had a group of supporters in Mexico, and most of these supporters were overseas students. Their vision and thinking were much broader.

After seeing the prosperity of the European world, these people all have the idea of ​​changing the current situation in Mexico. They can be said to be born reformers.

Unlike Maximilian I, who grew up in a honeypot, Bulu took on the title of exiled prince since he was a child and took on the important task of restoration early on.

With Franz's intervention, Blue received an imperial education from an early age. Both in terms of vision and personal ability, he is much stronger than his father.

As early as a few years ago, when Blue arrived in the Americas, he got in touch with these supporters. Through these relationships, Blue has established a presence in the Mexican government and military.

It's just that he didn't have the full support of his family before, and he was worried about interference from international forces. Blue has been quietly building up his strength.

With the victory of the World War, the situation suddenly became completely different. The Holy Roman Empire became the new overlord, and the Habsburg dynasty once again stood at the top of the world.

In this context, even if neighbors want to interfere, they dare not do so easily. The international environment for restoration is already in place.

What's more, during the World War, Blue also used the power of Shinra to take the opportunity to eliminate dissidents.

Even though there are royalists everywhere in Mexico now, you might think that everyone supports the royal family. In fact, it is because those who do not loyal to the royal family have been kicked out.

It was with the help of Shinra's tiger skin that Blue was able to successfully bring the recruited mercenaries to Mexico City in a mighty manner.

An uninformed glance revealed that Shinra's troops were moving in. Blue must have received the full support of the Vienna government. If he didn't defect there, he would not be able to catch up.

Once the emperor and the courtiers, in this period of changing dynasties, it would be very fatal to be in the wrong team.

Followers + royalists + speculators together constitute Bru's ruling team.

The organizational structure of this provisional government, in which speculators account for the majority, is obviously unstable. But Blue has no choice now, he must use it even though he knows he is a speculator.

...

"What did father say? Did you get the loan?"

Earl Blue asked with concern.

Restoration also requires money. Mexico itself is heavily in debt. It suffered financial bankruptcy many times during the republican government, not to mention that it suffered the baptism of war.

Mexico now is like a house whose four walls have been torn down, and the few remaining pillars are riddled with holes.

Now that he has taken over the national power, these troubles have naturally fallen into the hands of Earl Bru. If the financial problem is not solved, even a successful restoration will not last long.

"His Majesty asked you to complete the great cause of restoration as soon as possible. As for the funding issue, he told you not to worry. He will find a way to solve it."

The old man replied slowly.

The old man was also convinced by Blue's caution. The telegram was not without a password. Someone had to be sent to pick it up in person, and it had to be destroyed immediately after reading it.

However, Blue's caution is also justified. The closer the critical moment is, the more cautious he must be.

Now it is only the royal family that supports his restoration, not the Holy Roman Empire, and even the opposition within the Vienna government is not small.

Now Bru is completely taking advantage of the information gap to pull the skin of the Holy Roman Tiger, making the outside world mistakenly believe that he has the full support of the Holy Roman Empire.

The most important reason why all walks of life in Mexico are willing to cooperate is that it is intimidated by its reputation as a world hegemon. Once it became known to them that Bru's supporters were now only the royal family, the situation was completely different.

No matter how powerful a family is, it cannot compare to a country, especially if this country is the world's hegemon.

If you get the full support of the Habsburg family, then pacifying Mexico will be a piece of cake. As long as you are willing to throw money and resources into it, no matter how many troubles you have, you can solve it.

This was the fault of Maximilian I. He had reached out to beg for help many times in the past few decades, but none of them had any satisfactory results.

In everyone's eyes, this is a waste of family resources. With this inherent impression, when Blue asked for help from his family, the criticism never stopped.

Everyone is not optimistic about their restoration plan at all, thinking that even if the restoration is successful, it will be just a flash in the pan and will not be able to stabilize the country.

Especially at the stalls of Kaibangguo, another group of cousins ​​came out to grab political resources. The older generation is obviously willing to invest more resources in the construction of the country instead of supporting the restoration of their father and son.

The palms and backs of his hands were full of flesh. In this context, it was impossible for Franz to give Blue too much support.

For the sake of family unity and stability, Franz adopted an equal approach. As long as the individual has the ability to pass the test and the family has great ambitions, all families will provide support.

With the power spread out like this, one can imagine the level of support Blue can get.

It seemed like a fair distribution, but Maximiliano I could not provide the political resources of his cousins, his family, and his father's generation in the government.

Wearing the title of Emperor of Mexico was a noble status, but it also denied him the opportunity to develop within the Holy Roman Empire.

When parents were around, you could still nibble on your elder brother, but now you can only nibble on your elder brother.

However, this is a drop in the bucket. There are many Franz brothers, including more than ten second-generation nephews and dozens of third-generation nephews.

Even if there is family affection, not much will go to Blue. If it weren't for Maximiliano I's face, it would be difficult for Bulu to pull off the tiger's skin.

If Franz hadn't helped suppress him from behind, the Vienna government would have jumped out and said that the title of world hegemon is not easy to borrow.

With insufficient resources at hand, Blue had to be extra careful. For any telegram involving core secrets, I would rather send someone to make an extra trip than use the dedicated line of the Governor's Palace.

Blue was not happy with the affirmative answer. Favor can only be used at a loss, and family affection cannot withstand wasting away.

Now that all the affection has been used up, when the father passes away in the future, life will be difficult in the future.

Although everyone acted very cryptically, as a smart man, Blue could clearly feel the cousins' alienation from their father and son.

After pondering for a moment, Blue said: "Well, now that the funding problem has been solved, let's prepare to start the reform plan!" "

Your Highness, why don't you carry out restoration first?"

As an old man who has followed Maximiliano I for decades , Philibert spent his whole life fighting for the cause of restoration.

No matter how capable he is, his loyalty is unmatched by those who come after him.

Now that he has finally seen the dawn of restoration, he actually has to carry out social reforms first. How can he accept this?

"Duke, the restoration is very simple. There are many people who want to try the merit of being a dragon. As long as you give an order, the ceremony can be held tomorrow.

But this is meaningless. Without any merits, how can we get it? Popular support?

Many things can be done now, but once restored, it will become very troublesome. Taking advantage of the current chaotic situation is our best opportunity for reform.

If anyone dares to stand up to oppose, just kill them directly. Wait until the situation stabilizes after the restoration , it will be difficult to deal with these die-hards.

This is my uncle's personal experience. After the Vienna Revolution broke out, Austria was also in chaos. It was his insistence on drastic reforms in troubled times that led to the Holy Roman Empire today. "

They all brought up the classic case of Emperor Franz, and no matter how many reasons Philiber gave, he swallowed them all. After so many years of wandering around, no one wants the country to be strong more than him.

Since there are ready-made templates, why not learn from them?

It can be seen from Blue's every move that he is clearly imitating Franz.

At that time, Franz used the help of the rebels to kill the active capitalists and severely damaged the die-hard nobles. This created opportunities for the rise of the emerging nobles.

Blue's approach was similar. In the past world wars, he used the power of the Shinra army to eliminate a large number of dissidents.

Now is the time when the Mexican die-hards are at their weakest. The lucky few who survived were also frightened by this social beating and did not dare to make trouble at all in a short period of time.

...

As soon as Mexico's great reform project kicked off, the farce in the United States began to unfold. Faced with astronomical war reparations, Congress has been in a quarrel.

The congressmen are quarreling, and the people are even more quarrelsome. The most eye-catching thing is that the central and western federal states and the eastern states started a verbal war in the newspapers.

One side accuses the other side of controlling the government and provoking this wrong war for their own interests and making them pay for the war.

The other side claimed that the United States was a whole, and it was the central government that initiated the war. The responsibility was naturally borne by the central government, and the reparations were shared by all federal states.

As for the central government, it naturally no longer exists. The impeachment case had just begun, and the Roosevelt administration gave up the challenge.

After getting rid of the old government, the new government has difficulties in giving birth. Concerning the distribution of war reparations, the anger among the federal states is getting stronger and stronger.

Affected by the ongoing domestic tensions, the presidential election work has also been affected. Politicians running for election are afraid of being forced by the public to express their opinions, so they can only broadcast their speeches.

This team is not easy to stand in. The current atmosphere in the United States actually has some signs of the outbreak of the Civil War.

The radical media has shouted the slogan of independence. People in some federal states have taken to the streets in droves to demand independence from the United States.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1165 The End of an Era2021-03-01 Author: Xin Haiyue 1 Politics is so strange. The US government is in trouble, and international political pressure suddenly disappears.

As if to show pity for the misfortunes of the United States, not only were all kinds of targeting measures stopped, but even the payment of war reparations was allowed to be postponed.

The international situation is easing, which should be a cause for celebration, but insightful people in the United States have become worried.

The alliance's continued targeting will certainly cause heavy losses to the United States, but external pressure can also encourage the American people to unite.

The original plan was to take the opportunity to divert public attention and mediate the disputes between domestic federal states over the amount of reparations. At the very least, the general election must be completed first and the central government should be established. Now it suddenly turned into a dream.

Knowing that this is a conspiracy of the enemy, but involving their own real interests, the federal states cannot retreat at all.

War reparations are an astronomical sum, and every percentage point concession will place a heavy financial burden on the state government.

The extra money will eventually fall on people and businesses. Although politicians have no integrity, they cannot give up their votes.

Everyone knows that if this stalemate continues, something big will happen in the end; unfortunately, real money is involved, and no one can come up with a solution that satisfies all parties.

Each federal state has its own leadership team. If there is no central government for one or two days, there will be no problem. If there is no central government for one month or two months, the problem will not be big. If there is no central government for one or two years, things will break out. .

Not everyone wants someone to look after them. Although the presence of the central government in the United States has been very low, it still cannot resist the ambitions of careerists.

When everyone gets used to the absence of the Washington government, the Washington government will really become cold.

After all, the United States is just a country of immigrants that has been established for more than a hundred years. It has no centripetal force. It is purely based on interests.

Since it is possible to gather for the sake of interests, it is also possible to separate for the sake of interests.

It is conceivable that after this wave, even if the United States does not split, it will change from the Federation to the Confederacy like the Confederacy next door.

It seems like only one word has changed, but in fact it is a fundamental change in nature.

The relationship between the states and the central government has become a direct partnership. When we are happy, we all play together, and when we are unhappy, we withdraw every minute to show you.

In the past few decades, there has been more than one news about the Confederate states withdrawing from the Confederacy, and some states have even taken practical actions.

Of course, behind all this coming and going, the Washington government is indispensable.

Adhering to the principle that if I can't kill you, I will disgust you to death. Successive Washington administrations like to make trouble on this issue.

It's a pity that people are going back to their troubles. With the danger of the United States on the side, the states of the Federal State do not dare to give up their unity. After calming down, we were finally a family again.

At first, everyone was just watching the joke and did not expect that the situation would turn around, but now it was their turn.

… America is not at peace, and Eastern Europe is not at peace either. After the Tsarist government rejected the "goodwill" mediation of the Continental League, the situation in the civil war took a turn for the worse again.

With an endless stream of "volunteers" rushing to the anti-Russian front line, the independence wave was once again pushed to a climax.

The Finnish Independence Army, which originally wanted to defend itself, came out and set its sights on the same target as the insurgents in Poland and Lithuania - St. Petersburg.

This was not over yet. After expelling the Russian army, the Bulgarians in the Balkans launched the Battle of Constantinople (Tsargrad).

The rebels in the Caucasus are not willing to be left alone and are currently marching along the Volga River. It is impossible to determine specific strategic goals in the short term. It seems that we are planning to fight wherever we go.

The Ukrainian independence movement has also entered a climax stage. With the help of "volunteers", the independence army gradually gained the upper hand on the battlefield.

The situation in Central Asia is still in turmoil, with no signs of improvement in sight. Siberia finally had the upper hand, but it didn't make any sense.

...

It's not that the Russian army doesn't work hard, it's that the rebels are too arrogant. Aircraft and tanks appeared on the battlefield, causing the government troops who were short of guns and ammunition to suffer.

Suppression of rebellion?

No, this is clearly a war with the European world. The culprit behind all this is the previously rejected international "mediation".

It is too late to regret now. The Continental Alliance is clinging to the main force of the Russian army on the front line. The tsarist government can only let the peasants who have just put down their hoes go to the battlefield.

As the situation develops, more and more ethnic minorities in Russia have participated in the national independence movement.

If we want to delve deeper into the reason, it comes from an article "On the National Independence Movement". To be able to have such a big impact, the author of the article is naturally not an ordinary person.

That was half a year ago. In order to cause trouble for the Russians, Franz published "On the National Independence Movement" in the Austrian daily newspaper.

The article clearly states its position, that is:

“For the mainstream ethnic groups (80%) that have their own civilization, long traditional history and culture, have lived in a certain area for a long time (more than five hundred years), and have a strong desire for independence, we should Give independence."

There is no doubt that this is a typical situation where you have eaten your fill and now start to smash the pot. Thirty or forty years ago, if anyone dared to say this, it would be sworn hatred...

However, politics is so mysterious. Once the ethnic issues at home have been resolved, it's time to take things out and make trouble.

In fact, Franz has been very restrained. While supporting the national independence movement, he also attached many preconditions.

The reason is naturally to avoid accidental injury. Now is the era of colonial empires. When the national independence movement rises, the major colonial empires are the first to bear the brunt.

Unlike the HRE colonies, which were vast and sparsely populated and were basically immune to impact, other colonial empires were quite different.

Especially the gang of brothers who just carved up India, who don't rule over tens of millions of people, if they get into trouble, it will be very fatal.

The length of residence and population ratio are not troublesome. The key lies in "civilization" and "history and culture."

There is no specific standard for this thing. It is entirely based on what the European world thinks it has, and if it doesn't, it doesn't.

Even so, accidental injuries still occurred.

According to incomplete statistics, after the publication of Franz's "On National Independence Movements", the number of national independence movements that broke out around the world doubled in the second half of 1905.

The biggest influence was naturally on Russia, and it was clearly aimed at them. Insightful people of all ethnic groups who want independence will naturally not let go of this golden opportunity.

In addition to this political signal, there is another political event that has attracted much attention, that is, the "Russian-Austrian Alliance" will expire at the end of the year.

Judging from the current situation, the possibility of renewing the contract between the two countries is infinitely close to zero. Once the Russian-Austrian Alliance ended, the international situation the tsarist government would face would become even more dangerous.

...

1905 was destined to be an extraordinary year, with turbulent events lasting from the beginning to the end of the year.

At Franz's suggestion, on November 7, 1905, the Imperial Parliament passed a proposal to upgrade the Austrian Central American colonies to the Principality of Latin America, to upgrade the Austrian Southeast Asia to the Principality of Nanyang, and to upgrade the Austrian North American colonies to the Principality of Maple Leaf.

The meal had to be eaten one bite at a time. In order to give everyone an adaptation period, Franz himself also served as the king.

Facts have proved that this approach is really effective. The original criticisms about the three major countries quickly disappeared.

In the eyes of many opponents, the emperor's personal appointment as king was a signal of concession. Just look at Franz's title and you will know that it is an existence that has deceived countless math scum.

With so many titles, the Holy Roman Empire is still the Holy Roman Empire, and the ruling model does not change just because of the emperor's title.

Zuo Zuo is just a name, and there is absolutely no need to go against the emperor over such a trivial matter. After all, everyone only opposed the establishment of a state, not the emperor.

...

In the Palace of Vienna, Franz looked at the abdication edict drafted in his hand. After making sure that there was no problem, he slowly said: "Publish it!"

"Father..."

Before Frederick could finish speaking, Franz spoke. Duan said: "Okay, no need to say more. Since I have decided to step down after Christmas, I will not change it again.

Don't worry, just tell the outside world that I am not in good health and need to rest. I am seventy or eighty years old. Man, who can say that I can't pretend to be ill?

From now on, you should learn to adapt to the life of a monarch. You need to face all the big and small problems you encounter in the future.

The throne is not only an honor, but also a responsibility. You have seen a lot over the years, but this is not enough. The world of monarchs is far more cruel than this.

As the leader of the revival of the Habsburg dynasty, the outside world has elevated my position too high, even if it is true. If something is wrong, some people will spontaneously come up with a bunch of reasons.

Especially in the past ten years, it has been almost deified. Just look at the parliament. In recent years, all proposals authorized by me will be passed unanimously. .The reason why the proposal was passed is not because of its content, but because the person who promoted the proposal was me, Joseph Franz.

This is very scary. If this continues, I am afraid that I will get lost in it. I really think I Everything is possible. The most important thing for people is to have self-knowledge. We are all ordinary members of all living beings. It is nothing more than standing taller, having broader knowledge, and at most being a little smarter than the average person. In essence, we are still ordinary people.

Now retreat from the rapids, no matter it is It's the best choice for the country, the family, and me personally.

But it's miserable for you. With a father like me, you will inevitably be compared and criticized in the years to come. This requires you to maintain a normal mind. Treat all this rationally."

Too much prestige can sometimes be a trouble. If the heir's mentality is not strong enough, it is very easy to fall into the gutter.

But in this regard, Franz doesn't think it's a big problem. Frederick was not young, and his mind had already matured, not to mention that he was watching from behind.

As a person involved, Franz now understands very well why ancient emperors, who were wise and powerful in their youth, made frequent mistakes in their old age.

I live in flattery every day. If I hear lies too many times, they become the truth. Compared with these predecessors, Franz still has a choice now.

In order to escape the rapids smoothly this time, Franz did not hesitate to use "poor health" as an excuse.

Combined with his age, this explanation is very convincing. The emperor was worried about the country, and now he became ill due to overwork and had to abdicate early.

Regardless of whether others believed it or not, Franz believed it himself.

There is a big event like the emperor's abdication that attracts attention in front of him. The passing of the throne of the three major kingdoms to his three younger sons is not worth mentioning.

Elderly people can understand that they love their children so much. It is also in line with the tradition of the European world for the eldest son to inherit the main business and share the property with the other sons.

There is only one colony on the left and right, and they are all "backwaters" anyway, so everyone can still accept it.

Even if someone wants to object, there is no way to speak out at this time. Who makes the emperor "critically ill"?
If the commotion at this time affects the emperor's "recuperation" and accidentally allows the emperor to see God, it will be great fun.

With Franz's influence, the Holy Roman Empire would never have a foothold for them. Such horrific consequences would be enough to scare away any politician.

In order to successfully complete the Bangguo plan, Franz also worked hard and even used himself.

(End of chapter)

Chapter 1166 Finale2021-03-29Author : Xin Haiyue 1 Amid the uproar, on December 31, 1905, Franz officially passed the throne to Frederick, and the Holy Roman Empire officially entered the Frederick era.

Unlike previous power changes, this power transfer was exceptionally smooth. The outside world doesn't know Franz's true physical condition, and that doesn't mean the top government officials don't know either.

Although I don't understand why Franz is in a hurry to abdicate, the old emperor is still alive, so no one dares to move.

There is no proverb in the European world about "shooting the first bird", but the truth is still the same. Even a guy with a great desire for power would not dare to act like a monster at this time.

When the top levels of the government are stable, the political factions attached to them will naturally be stable as well. Even those who dared to take the lead were suppressed by the cabinet.

Now is the time to test everyone's abilities. If you can't even stabilize the most basic situation, then there is no need to be in the political arena.

The power transition was completed smoothly, and Franz was happy and relaxed. Once people get older, they don't like to mess around.

From the Austrian Empire to the current Holy Roman Empire, during his fifty-seven years as emperor, Franz had long been tired of tossing.

Frankly speaking, in this era of poor performance, the overall performance of the Shinra bureaucracy is remarkable.

Although it has not been able to eliminate corruption and laziness in government, compared with the bureaucrats in other countries at the same time, it can definitely be called "capable".

After making sure that what he left behind was not a mess, Emperor Franz the Great abdicated and started a nationwide tour plan with satisfaction.

As for the finishing work of the world war, it was a "political achievement" he left specifically for his son. Although the specific work may be a little more complicated and there may be twists and turns along the way, the overall overall situation is set.

In the face of absolute strength, all conspiracies and tricks are in vain.

Italy has become a geographical noun; a smaller version of France is still licking the wounds left by the last world war; and the awesome British Empire has now come to an end.

Without the replenishment of the colonies, Britain and France, whose vitality was severely damaged, would not be able to fully recover for another thirty to fifty years. If you want to return to the top, you can't even think about it.

The Russian Empire, which cannot be ignored, is currently trapped in a civil war and cannot extricate itself. The main force was held by the Allies, and the Tsarist government was unable to do anything to achieve a quick victory.

In particular, the international "anti-Russian forces" have colluded, and tens of thousands of "mercenary legions" are sweeping towards the tsarist government, with the intention of not giving up until Russia is divided.

The United States, which was supposed to rise, is now dying. Because of the issue of war reparations, states have been unable to reach an agreement, and even elections cannot be conducted normally.

With the help of the European Union, the federal state parliaments have even openly discussed the issue of independent statehood.

Even the capital consortia that were supposed to support the unification of the federal government are now backing down. Apparently the world war had frightened them.

Swimming against the current has never been the style of capitalists. We all have families and businesses, and it is really embarrassing to ask them to "spill their lives and blood" for the sake of the United States.

What's more, the world of capital has never been monolithic. If some people's interests are harmed, others will benefit from it. At least the small local financial groups in the Midwest are happy to split with the east.

Looking around the world, the Holy Roman Empire does not have a significant "enemy". As the only "great power" and superpower, no matter how hard we try, the situation will not get much worse.

Without the annoying government affairs, Franz felt particularly relaxed during the trip.

The sky is so blue and the water is so clear. From time to time, there will be "cattle and sheep seen in the wind". Set up a barbecue grill, add some cumin and chili powder, and the picture will be particularly pleasing .

With no time limit, Franz would stop to taste local specialties and appreciate the customs and customs wherever he went.

Stop and go along the way, and after more than half a year, I was still wandering around the Balkan Peninsula. Compared with the vast Holy Roman Empire, it was not even the tip of the iceberg.

At this rate, it is estimated that Franz will not be able to complete the nationwide tour in his lifetime. But it doesn't matter, as long as you have fun when you go out to play.

The Holy Roman Empire was so huge, with all kinds of climate and geography. Not to mention a waning old man, even a young man would have a hard time traveling across the country.

Time flew by, and it was twenty-five years ago. Franz still failed to complete the global tour, and he did not even reach one-tenth of Africa.

There is no way, time is not forgiving. No matter how hard you exercise, you cannot stop the erosion of time. In the "year of the turtle", Franz was forced to return to Vienna to retire.

Franz could only sigh secretly as he watched his body deteriorate. Not being afraid of death is a lie, even though Franz has been a man for two generations, he cannot take life and death lightly.

Recently, a memory kept appearing in his mind, as if it was a dream. In the dream he became another person and also created a world empire.

Although his reason told him that this was a "dream", his intuition told him that it was "real". Even such nonsense as time travel has happened, so there is nothing strange about it in another life.

Intermittent memories kept coming back, causing Franz great distress. At this age, no matter how much life experience you have, it can only be passed away.

"Father, news just came from Nanyang. William was summoned by God last night." A familiar voice sounded, bringing Franz back to reality. This was not the first time Franz had experienced separation between life and death. In the past few years, he has sent away too many people.

Seeing that there are fewer and fewer familiar people around me, I thought I was used to it. Unexpectedly, now that it was his son's turn, he still couldn't calm down.

"What happened? Why did William leave so suddenly? What last words did he leave?"

Affected by Franz's early abdication, his sons followed suit. In recent years, they have also abdicated one after another and returned to Vienna to retire.

Now the Shinra Empire is at its strongest centripetal force. It is also very popular among the people to struggle overseas in the early years and return to their hometown to take care of themselves in their later years.

Originally, William also returned to Vienna, but after two years he felt tired of it and ran away to Nanyang again. I just didn't expect that this departure would become a farewell forever.

"Yesterday was the National Day of the Principality of Nanyang. William drank a few more drinks at the banquet. When the lady found out today, he had already left. He didn't leave any last words."

Frederick explained. It could be seen that he was also stunned by the news. But this is precisely the most reasonable explanation.

As a king, even an abdicated king, it is not easy to have an accident. What's more, it's still on its own territory.

While they were talking, a group of juniors from the Habsburg family also rushed over one after another. Apparently Franz was the last one to know the news.

It's right to think about it. His mental ability to bear such bad news naturally needs to be considered. People who are on the verge of running away from home really can't stand the trouble.

Waving his hands and not giving anyone a chance to persuade, Franz said calmly: "I understand, you can arrange the funeral! Now I want to be alone."

...

looking at the familiar palace and looking back on the past. Over the years, Franz fell into deep contemplation.

The butterfly effect is powerful. With the rise of the Holy Roman Empire, the world situation has long changed.

Especially in the past ten years, with the dismemberment of the Russian Empire and the further division of the United States, the hegemony of the Holy Roman Empire has become increasingly consolidated.

A dominant family structure has formed, and competitors are trembling in the corners for fear of becoming Vienna's next target.

Against this background, as long as the Vienna government does not stir up trouble, the international situation will be difficult to disrupt.

Everything is in place, the situation is excellent, and there is no need for the Vienna government to make any fuss. Therefore, in the past ten years or so, the world situation has been harmonious.

Apart from civil wars in some countries, only colonial empires occasionally broke out in rebellion. As for international war, without the nod of the Vienna government, who would dare to start it?
You must know that the League of Nations is not just a freeloader. With the promotion of the Vienna government, the current League of Nations is a proper world "police".

If nothing unexpected happens, this kind of peace will last for a long time, until one day Shinra commits suicide and loses his family fortune, unable to stabilize the situation.

No one can say what will happen in the future. Franz was not going to do anything else anyway, he already had enough backup plans.

In the past twenty years, the Habsburg dynasty has successively established more than ten states, large and small, overseas. If this could all be done in one fell swoop, Franz would have nothing to say.

The easing of the international situation does not mean world peace. The Vienna government can mediate international conflicts, but cannot mediate the internal conflicts of various countries.

Naturally, the first countries to bear the brunt are the countries in the Americas, especially the unlucky "defeated countries", who have fallen into racial conflicts and disputes.

Secondly, there are the major European colonial empires. The recent days have not been very easy.

Where there is oppression, there is resistance. In order to split the Russian Empire, the nationalism exported eventually came back to other countries.

At this moment, everyone realized the power of the Vienna government's methods. But it's all too late. Now there is no "defeated country" for them to take advantage of.

People always have to face reality. After taking stock of the international situation and reviewing his life's experiences, Franz has realized that his time is running out.

Now that we have reached this stage, the glory of the past is just like the clouds and smoke of the past. "Right and wrong, merit and demerit" are free for future generations to comment on.

After getting rid of the sadness of his son's death, Franz could no longer think about anything else. At this moment, he just wanted to try to integrate the fragments of memories that kept pouring into his mind.

"Ferdinand", "Bulgarian Empire"... the memories gradually connected in his mind, but Franz's body took a sharp turn.

After sending William away and spending his last birthday in his life, Franz finally reached the end of his life at the age of 100.

On March 26, 1931, Emperor Franz closed his eyes under the soft sunlight.

...

As the story ended, "Li Mu" who had just gotten up on the other side fell into confusion.

who I am?
Is it "Li Mu"?
Or "Franz"?
Or maybe "Ferdinand"?
The sudden appearance of two additional memories completely confused Li Mu.

Whether it is "a dream in Lanke", "a dream in Huangliang", or a "multiple world", Li Mu has no idea what the situation is.

But one thing Li Mu knew was that he had to get up quickly and go to work, otherwise he would be late.

No matter how awesome he is in his dream, in reality he is a hard-working office worker. Even though I have gained two more rich life experiences, they are useless now.

After all, people in dreams are born with a golden key in their mouths, and are born to be superior. I have always been someone who is liked by others, but I don't have the experience of a diaosi's counterattack and struggle.

After completing the cleaning in the shortest possible time, Li Mu picked up his cell phone, walked quickly out of the rental house, and headed straight to the bus stop.

While running, I prayed that I must catch the bus. Otherwise, whether you take a taxi or be late for work, your work today will be in vain.

The life of ordinary people is so simple and unpretentious.

...

(End of chapter)

