
Chapter 850 Limited War Responsibility

The two major camps in Europe are at odds with each other, but what worries them most is not the four parties involved. Both Russia and Austria, Britain and France have their own advantages and are enough to protect themselves.

The real unlucky ones are the small countries sandwiched between the two major alliances. At present, the contradiction between the two camps has not intensified, and everyone can still cope with it.

Once the conflict between the two sides escalates, everyone will be forced to take sides. In fact, geopolitics has determined the direction of each country's alignment, and it is impossible for them to choose on their own.

Western European countries can only support Britain and France, while Eastern, Northern, and Southern European countries must support Russia and Austria. Central European countries are the most miserable and have no idea what to choose.

neutral?

There is no problem for the time being. Once the two major alliances confront each other, they will become the first victims.

No matter which side you fall to, you will be beaten severely by the other side. Especially for a struggling country like Belgium, their poor strategic position determines that they cannot be alone.

Of course, this is the worst ending. In the short term, there are no signs of war breaking out between the two major alliances.

Leopold II, who had a strong sense of worry, could no longer sit still. Originally, Britain and Austria were quasi-allies of Belgium, and they all resisted the French expansion into Central Europe.

Now that the situation has fundamentally changed, Britain and France have formed an alliance, so is Britain's original promise to protect Belgium's security still effective?

Foreign Minister Jules said cautiously: "Your Majesty, the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has sent a note, inviting us to conclude a treaty with Switzerland, the North German Confederation, and Spain to maintain European peace and stability." When you open the map, you will know that the above-mentioned countries belong to the French. good neighbor. After excluding the French, it is self-evident who to target when concluding such a treaty.

This can be seen as a counterattack against the alliance between Britain and France. Austria is prepared to use practical actions to prove that it can still contain the French without the participation of the British.

Leopold II asked doubtfully: "The Austrians have only invited four countries to participate, and no other countries have been invited?" Theoretically, the above four countries have to face the threat of the French, and it is easiest to move closer to Austria if they feel the pain. of.

However, "anti-France" has always been a common issue for all European countries, not a problem for one country alone. The sudden change was difficult for Leopold II to accept.

Foreign Minister Jules replied affirmatively: "Austria did only invite the four of us. It is said that the Vienna government is worried that other countries will not feel the pain and their stance of containing the French is not firm. They may accept bribes from the French and create trouble in the alliance. Destruction.

Perhaps in the view of the Vienna government, to curb the French expansion to the outside world, the five countries joining forces are enough." This is also the view of most people. Although France is powerful, it has not opened a qualitative gap with Austria. In addition, Sibi After the Red Four, the anti-French alliance was stable.

Compared with an internally divided alliance, it is more reliable to have a small alliance with common interests and the ability to cooperate with each other.

Prime Minister Auguste sighed and said: "If this is the case, then we will be in big trouble.

Without European countries participating in sharing the pressure, the pro-French Spanish government will probably not participate. After all, the French are now in the West The possibility of advancing is almost zero, and the pressure on them is not great.

Because of Switzerland's geographical location, their position is not essentially important. If the Swiss government insists on neutrality, Austria will probably not force it.

Between France and Austria Choice, the North German Federation will definitely support Austria. Even if Britain and France form an alliance, they will be more inclined to Austria.

Because of its strength, in a short period of time, the North German Federation will still have the strength to be temporarily neutral.

As long as the two major alliances do not go to war, they can act as a buffer between France and Austria, and there is no need to clearly stand for the time being.

The seemingly tentative invitation is actually forcing us to take sides. Between Russia and Austria and Britain and France, we must choose a side." The most tragic thing Nothing more than this, others could avoid it, except the miserable Belgium.

There is no way. The French's ambitions to plot Belgium always need to be curbed.

It was Britain and Austria that originally shouldered this important task. Now that the British have turned around and formed an alliance with the French, Austria is the only one who can continue to curb the French ambitions.

Now that Austria has been rejected, Belgium will have to fight alone when France invades in the future.

As for the British, everyone really has no confidence. Even if the London government is willing to send troops to intervene, Belgium will be dead before the expansion of the British Army is completed.

After much hesitation, Leopold II said slowly: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs sent people to talk to Austria. We can sign the terms of joint defense against the French, but the prerequisite is that it must be kept strictly confidential.

Austria does not care about offending the French. We don't have the ability to cause trouble. Remember that in the treaty, Austria must provide us with security protection.

At the same time, we send people to strengthen our ties with the North German Federation, Switzerland, the Netherlands and other countries. At a critical moment, their Position is also very important." Belgium had no choice but to turn to Austria. Now it is the French who are ambitious for them, not Austria who is hundreds of miles away.

To join the British and French sides is to seek skin from a tiger. The identity of an ally is worthless in the face of interests. If one operation is not good, it will be eaten alive.

Choosing to sign a secret treaty was actually Leopold II's hedging strategy.

It's best to hide things from the outside world, but if you can't hide them, you will be exposed one day later, and you will bear the risk one day later.

...

Compared with Belgium, the North German Federation is lively, with varying degrees of opposition and support.

It was originally supposed to be kept a secret, but before the argument came to a conclusion, the news was already flying everywhere.

There were no surprises. When the matter was put on the table, it also meant that Austria's plan to win over had failed.

Due to pressure from Britain and France, Spain and Switzerland declined the Vienna government's proposal. As for Belgium, they were only secretly in contact. Overtly, the Belgian government also did not dare to take sides.

...

Franz was not surprised when the news of the failure came. No one is a fool. Austria's current anti-French alliance is essentially pulling cannon fodder, and it cannot deceive smart people at all.

As the French economy recovers, the voices of domestic militants are getting louder and louder.

The military headed by the nobles wanted military success, and the capitalists wanted to solve the coal supply problem. These happened to be solved by war.

Otherwise, the British would not have offered a bait, and the French government would have been willing to give up the century-old hatred between the two countries and form an alliance.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg took out a document and said: "Your Majesty, this is the preliminary result of the negotiations with the Belgian government. The biggest problem at present is the distribution of rights and obligations. The Belgian government excuses its lack of strength and is only willing to bear part of it. War responsibility.

Only if the French invade Central Europe will they send troops to join the war.

If a war breaks out between us and the French in Italy, Belgium will only promise to provide material assistance, and on the surface they must remain neutral." Limited war responsibility, In fact, it is equivalent to not taking responsibility for the war.

If you open the map of Europe, you will know that the best route for the French to invade Central Europe is to borrow the route through Belgium.

The enemies are coming, and even if there is no joint defense treaty, Belgium can only bite the bullet and fight against it.

It seems that Austria has suffered a bit, but in fact this is a relatively fair treaty.

With Belgium's size, if Fao really started fighting in Italy, it wouldn't be effective for them to join in.

The French can defeat them with a single division, and Austria will inevitably send troops to rescue them.

The greatest value of wooing Belgium is not to expect how strong the combat effectiveness of Belgium can be and how much role it can play.

The main reason is that after the Austrian army has the upper hand on the battlefield, it can drive straight in through Belgium and gain strategic initiative.

Without much hesitation, Franz made a decision: "Agree to their request, but you must add a request to borrow a passage.

If a war breaks out between us and the French and we need to borrow a passage, as allies, they must let it go. And help maintain logistics.

In return, they will also have a share of the spoils after the war is won. The disputed territories between France and Belgium can be all owned by them." Who wouldn't write a blank check? Anyway, the promised territory is French territory. If Belgium has the appetite, just give it to them.

Not only Belgium, but any allies who join, Franz does not mind if they get a piece of land in France.

When dealing with enemies, it is natural to severely weaken them. The Franco-Prussian War in the original time and space did not end perfectly, because it did not weaken France in a real sense.

Whether it is compensation or land cessation, it will only make people feel physical pain, but will not cause death at all.

If the Kingdom of Prussia had been more flexible in its diplomacy and deceived Spain, Belgium, Switzerland, Italy and other countries, and pulled everyone together to share the spoils, perhaps the outcome would have been very different.

When all neighbors have benefited, everyone is on the same page. As a victor, no one wants to see his enemy revived.

At that time, everyone will work together to suppress France. No matter how powerful the Paris government is, it cannot withstand so many enemies taking care of it.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 851: Secretly Ambushing Chencang The

Tumultuous international situation did not affect the outbreak of the Central Asian War. With the end of the arms race, the British also relaxed their hands.

On March 26, 1888, following an order from Governor Lytton, two Indian colonial divisions launched an attack on Afghanistan, kicking off the Central Asian War.

At the Palace of Vienna, after receiving the news of the war in Afghanistan, Franz once again became a spectator.

There is no need to worry. Just look at the British way of fighting and you can see that the bureaucrats in London do not take Afghanistan seriously at all.

The two Indian colonial divisions seemed to be powerful, but in fact they were a ragtag group of people.

In terms of real combat effectiveness, I am afraid it is not as good as the two main British army regiments. Such troops can barely maintain law and order, but when put on the battlefield, they can only compete with the enemy.

Franz asked: "Are the weapons and equipment to assist the Afghans in place?" If we want to use the Afghan war to bleed the British, weapons and equipment are still indispensable.

Without international assistance, the Afghans armed with swords and spears will not be able to survive for long, no matter how brave they are.

Foreign Secretary Weisenberg: "The first batch of supplies has been secretly transported. Judging from the time, the Afghan government should have distributed them.

Our intelligence network in Afghanistan is not perfect, and we were completely blind after the war broke out. We know nothing about the specific situation on the border." This is an inevitable result. Not to mention the imperfect intelligence network, even if all Afghans are turned into intelligence personnel, the news will not be able to spread.

The British's diplomatic skills are not exaggerated. Afghanistan's neighbors have set up a blockade, and the only way to contact the outside world is smuggling.

Smuggling channels proved equally unsuitable for delivering intelligence.

Both Persia and the Central Asian Khanates were poor, and most areas had neither railways nor telegraphs.

Before the war broke out, the Vienna government received news from Afghanistan with a lag of more than a week. After the war broke out, even less so.

After hearing the bad news, Franz frowned: "In other words, we have lost contact with the Afghan government.

The airdrop of supplies originally planned has now lost its target and the possibility of implementation." "Yes, Your Majesty!" Weissenberg replied.

"Judging from the current situation, in order to re-open the connection with the Afghan government, we can only place our hope on the Russians.

They have been operating locally for a long time and should have hidden news transmission channels. Now they are only temporarily affected by the war. It has been interrupted.

The Tsarist government is trying to find a way to recover, and it may take some time to recover." "Putting hope on the Russians" and "recovering after a while", such answers made Franz directly give up the idea of ​​​​airdropping supplies. idea.

Although Afghanistan is a small country, its territory is not small at all and is mostly mountainous.

If there is no pick-up signal from below, who knows where the handover will take place and how the airship soldiers can drop supplies?

You can't just throw it away. If you throw it into the deep mountains, forests, rivers and lakes, you will lose a lot of materials.

If you are unlucky and happen to fall on the British Army and become the captain of the transportation brigade, it will be embarrassing.

After pondering for a moment, Franz made a decision: "Forget it, if something like this happened, the Afghan government can only be considered unlucky. Did n't they send liaison officers to let them find ways to get in touch with the country? We There's nothing you can do now." Anxious?

No, even if the Afghan government falls, the Russians will still take over.

Besides, even if the British win, so what?

Occupying an area inhabited by guerrillas and religious fanatics is not a good thing. The high cost of governance will sooner or later make the British realize the reality.

Army Minister Feslav suggested: "Your Majesty, our troops stationed in the colonies have not changed their weapons and equipment for many years.

In view of the current severe international situation, we must prepare in advance. The Ministry of War recommends a major change of equipment. , first increase the defense capabilities of the colonies." Feslav's words reminded Franz that although the colonial armed forces of various countries these days are all their own second- and third-rate troops, they recruit the worst sources of soldiers, carry the most outdated weapons, and carry out the simplest training, but Austria is an exception.

The colonial army was only a little behind in weapons and equipment, but in other aspects it was still on par with the main domestic army.

A few years ago, the Vienna government also sent its main troops out to conduct actual combat drills.

Only later, when all the enemies in the colonies were eliminated, was this actual combat training plan forced to terminate.

In normal times, it would naturally not be a problem for the colonial troops to maintain their current status.

The equipment is just about the same. The colonial armies of various countries are competing against each other anyway, as long as they are better than their counterparts.

Now that the international situation has changed, no one can guarantee when the gunfire will go off.

In this context, increasing the strength of the colonies is particularly important.

Especially in the Austrian African region, once the European War breaks out, they are not expected to capture the entire Africa at once, but capturing strategic locations such as Egypt, the Cape of Good Hope, and Djibouti must still be completed.

This is the core of Austria's national policy from the beginning. By winning these important places, not only the mainland and Africa will be connected, but Britain and France will have to travel tens of thousands of kilometers to enter the Indian Ocean.

The time that originally took two routes was now enough to run once. Not only did the transportation costs increase significantly, it also meant that the enemy's maritime transportation capabilities were reduced in half.

"Not only do we need to change equipment, we must also increase the weapons reserves in the colonies. Taking Austrian Africa as an example, the local area should store enough armaments to arm one million people to fight for a year.

Once the European War breaks out, the colonies must be prepared to rely solely on Use your own power to seize the entire African continent." It's not that Franz has a big appetite, but that Austrian Africa already has such strength.

Today, the total population of Austrian Africa has reached more than 20 million, which is several times more than the immigrants of the other major colonial empires combined.

Once a war breaks out, it is destined to attack from all directions. Even if the Vienna government does not give the order, the local military nobles will mobilize their own troops to do it.

The warlike nature has been implanted in everyone's bone marrow since the opening of Austrian Africa.

If conditions had not allowed it and the Vienna government had not deliberately suppressed it, they would have caused friction in Africa long ago.

It would be foolish not to take advantage of the conditions. Not to mention taking over the entire African continent, as long as it takes over a few important places, Austria will be sure of victory.

Prime Minister Karl questioned: "Your Majesty, this is too much! Our several important colonies have very strong military power and cannot be shaken by neighboring countries.

Even if the European War breaks out, Austrian Africa's power is enough To deal with any enemy. Now transporting so much weapons and equipment to the colonies can easily cause international tension." The weapons and equipment required by one million people to fight for a year are not just a few cents. If you want to calculate them in units, it is one million tons.

With so much material being transported, it would be almost impossible to keep it secret. These days, who wouldn't plant a few spies on the other side?

If important military intelligence cannot be found, who can be deceived by such shiploads of arms?

Franz nodded, this was indeed a problem. Not to mention transportation, organization and production alone can attract the attention of the European world.

"Then do it in batches. First, increase the supply in the name of changing equipment. Later, when replenishing supplies every month, we will increase the amount. The more times it is used, the less noticeable it will be.

This Central Asian War is the best. Cover. Order the state-owned arsenal to double its weapons production capacity from now on, and announce to the outside world that the order is from the Russians.

Do not announce specific numbers to the outside world. The arsenal is scattered across the country, and ordinary people will not notice it." This is the advantage of state-owned enterprises . , the government can control production capacity without disclosing any information to the outside world.

How many weapons and ammunition were produced and how many were exported, as long as the Vienna government does not tell them, no one will know.

Even if someone investigates, all arsenals must be investigated together to get accurate figures. It makes no sense to investigate the data of one or two arsenals alone.

Unless Franz is boasting, it is impossible for the outside world to know how many arsenals there are in Austria and how many companies have military production capabilities.

The reason is very simple, there are too many related companies. Many machinery factories can immediately become military factories by simply modifying their production equipment.

Anyway, it is a streamlined construction, and you do not need your company to produce all the spare parts. As long as you can produce a part, it is enough.

Put together the spare parts produced by everyone, and a weapon is born.

Today's military factories just have a relatively complete industrial chain and do not need to buy spare parts everywhere.

Since they are all parts and components produced by one company from start to finish, they will naturally have an advantage when assembling them, and the quality should be relatively guaranteed.

But in the war years, these were minor problems. Many times, quantity is more important than quality. As long as it can be used, some defects are not worth mentioning.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 852: Crazy Test

While increasing its weapons and equipment storage, Austria has also increased its investment in the research and development of new equipment.

For example: tanks that run as slow as a turtle, aircraft with a range of only more than 300 kilometers, and stupid and thick artillery, these all need to be improved.

In fact, with the continuous development of science and technology, the factors that determine the outcome of a war are increasingly leaning towards weaponry and logistics.

Preparing for war is not just about stockpiling weapons and ammunition, other strategic materials must also keep up.

This involves a wide range. Many materials are essentially common to both military and civilians, and production is not limited to state-owned enterprises. Most of them come from private enterprises.

In order not to arouse suspicion from the outside world and expose the government's strategic plan, there is no need to think about increasing material reserves.

But it should be the enemy who is worried about this problem.

After all, Austria has a complete industrial chain and is self-sufficient in raw materials. If the war breaks out and the production is accelerated, it will be much faster than its competitors.

Preparation is preparation. No one knows when the war will begin.

The Vienna government began to prepare for war. In fact, based on the analysis of changes in the international situation, it felt that a war might break out on the European continent.

Judging from the current situation, whoever fires the first shot will push the weak countries in Central Europe to the opposite side.

Although Belgium is now pro-Austrian, countries such as the Netherlands and Switzerland are also showing goodwill to Austria. This is all based on the premise of the French government's aggressiveness.

In the original time and space, Napoleon III also wanted to annex Belgium and interfered in Belgium's internal affairs many times. The two families were on opposite sides.

During the World War, Belgium turned to the Allies. In fact, it was forced out, but it was not as good as the outside world said. Britain and France had good diplomatic methods.

If the German Empire did not use Belgium to attack France, why would they participate in the war? Isn't neutrality good?

The Belgians are not stupid. As a small country, if it goes to participate in a world war, it will be used as cannon fodder, and it will not gain much benefit at all.

Maybe Belgium is not worth mentioning, but what if the North German Confederation is added?

Franz knew very well what those small states in the German region were.

Referring to the Austro-Prussian War in the original time and space, we know that everyone agreed to join forces to deal with Prussia, but in the end only Austria and Prussia were left fighting alone.

It should have been evenly matched, but due to the fighting of these states, Austria's military strength was at an absolute disadvantage in the battle.

I want them to fight tooth and nail, unless the enemy comes knocking on the door. Otherwise, these guys would have no choice but to shout slogans and build momentum.

...

Since the destruction of Austria's anti-French alliance, the atmosphere of the French government has changed. Everyone suddenly discovered that the dark cloud hanging over France no longer existed.

This sudden change makes many people uncomfortable. Fueled by capital, the voices of the militant faction have become louder and louder.

Changes in the outside world also affected Napoleon IV's judgment.

"It seems that Austria is not that powerful. After losing the support of the British, the Vienna government cannot pull out the anti-French encirclement network." Changes in concepts will naturally affect political decision-making. Napoleon IV was no longer so concerned about Austrian affairs.

The Palace of Versailles took a cursory look at the documents in their hands, and Napoleon IV asked uncertainly: "Are you ready to restart international coal price negotiations?" In order to hinder France's economic development, Britain and Austria took the lead in establishing The International Coal Export Alliance international controls coal transaction prices.

Affected by this, the price of coal imported from France is at least 50% higher than that of Britain and Austria.

As energy prices rise, industrial production costs will naturally rise. This directly caused many French industrial and commercial products to lose their competitiveness in the international arena.

In order to dismantle the International Coal Export Alliance, the French government and the industrial and commercial circles have tried their best and exhausted all means, but still have not achieved their goal.

Even because it controls France's energy lifeline, the International Coal Export Alliance often criticizes French industry and commerce.

Everything has two sides. Forced by high energy prices, France took the lead in sounding the clarion call for energy conservation.

For steam engines and boilers of the same power, the coal consumption of French products is usually several percentage points lower, and some products with outstanding performance may save 20 to 30%.

Not only is coal consumption low, the French have also invented many coal substitutes, such as charcoal.

In most fields, French boilers and steam engine equipment can burn charcoal, and some equipment can also directly burn firewood.

Of course, black technology is not omnipotent. Substitutes are always just substitutes, and there is still a certain gap between them and the original genuine products.

This resulted in French industrial and commercial products inevitably having some flaws in quality and having to make do with them.

The most typical one is steel. The overall quality of French steel is the worst, worse than that of Russian steel.

Economic Minister Elsa said righteously: "Your Majesty, please rest assured. For the healthy development of the domestic economy, the Ministry of Economic Affairs will definitely do its best to bring down the international coal transaction price." Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec echoed Dao: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will fully cooperate with the actions of the Ministry of Economic Affairs, and we have begun to lobby the British.

Judging from the current situation, the British Coal Export Association has shown signs of compromise. As long as the British relent, we can force Belgium and the German Federation to compromise. .” The conflict is only because of interests. If the purpose of the International Coal Export Alliance was to suppress the French economy when it was first established, then it is just because of interests now.

In a sense, coal is also an urgently needed product. No matter how hard the French try to find substitutes, they still have to import a lot.

In this context, suppliers naturally want to increase prices in order to seek huge profits.

It's very easy to get the British to relent, just throw money at them. As long as they can make up for the less money they make from coal exports in other ways, things will be easy to handle.

As for the coal suppliers of Belgium and the North German Federation, they can only be considered unlucky. Who makes their countries weak?

Napoleon IV fell into deep thought. It seemed that it was just a coal price negotiation, but in fact it was a test of the international community.

If the plan succeeds and does not cause a violent backlash from the international community, then the French government will not need to be so cautious in the days to come.

"Now that you are all ready, let's restart the negotiations! But you must pay attention to the methods and means, and don't cause a big mess." It can be seen that Napoleon IV is not so reassured by his group of bureaucrats.

This has something to do with the French political system. The Ministry of Economy is definitely the department most affected by capital in the government, and the performance of officials has been linked to capital from the beginning.

If they don't say hello in advance, these guys will act according to the will of capital and may directly provoke a war.

France is not ready for war, and Napoleon IV is not distracted. He does not think that France can challenge the world with its current strength.

...

At the headquarters of the British Coal Association in London, a group of capital bosses were having a fierce quarrel.

An old man with a big belly said excitedly: "Gentlemen, the opportunity to make a fortune has come.

The French proposed that as long as we ignore the International Coal Export Alliance and reduce the price of coal by one-fifth, they will reduce tariffs on some goods.

This time The reduction or exemption is not for all enterprises, but is limited to the industries that are members of our Coal Association. Let's cheer!” Applause broke out, and many people were immersed in the joy of getting rich. What it means to be able to deliver goods to the French market at lower tariffs than domestic counterparts is obvious.

Some people are successful and others are disappointed, and not everyone can benefit.

Small coal mine owners are the biggest victims. They have limited capital and are unable to enter multiple industries. On the contrary, selling coal at a high price can maximize profits.

If some tariffs are exempted, they will have no goods to sell. On the contrary, the financial groups have made huge profits and can obtain greater benefits.

As the representative of small coal mine owners in the association, Mikhailovich immediately objected: "No! The French are Britain's biggest enemies. Any relaxation of the suppression of France is a crime against Britain.

Those idiots in the government, We foolishly went to form an alliance with the French. Do we have to compromise with the French for trivial interests?" The old man smiled and said: "Mihajlovic, don't forget that we are capitalists and we don't have the money to come. There is no point in making sense. Suppressing France is a matter for the government.

Your worries are nothing more than damage to your own interests. In fact, you don't have to worry. Even if there are no other industries, everyone can cooperate!

I believe that everyone sitting here is not I would like to help you and fill the vacancies in your industry.

If that doesn't work, you can also choose to sell the coal mine. Don't worry, everyone will pay a good price.

In short, we will not let you suffer." Mihai Lovich's face changed drastically. This was a sign of confusion. Before this, although the profits of coal mines were good, the small mine owners had only low-quality mines, and the consortium still looked down upon them.

Things are different now. If you control the coal mines, you can control coal exports. With these shares, you can negotiate with the French, obtain preferential tariffs, and sell other industrial and commercial products.

Don't say that the British have no shortage of markets. This is impossible. For any industrial power, the market is not enough.

The British consortium has long been coveting the French market, but the French government knew it couldn't do it, so it set up tariff barriers.

Now that a hole has finally been opened, everyone naturally has to find a way to rush in.

As for the subsequent impact of the drop in coal export prices, what does it have to do with them? As long as you can make money, who cares what the future holds?

(End of chapter)


Chapter 853: The combat effectiveness of Russian bureaucracy

While the French were making small moves, the Russians also started a war in Central Asia.

Frankly speaking, March and April are not the best time to attack, but there is no way, the tsarist government must seize time.

Austria has lost contact with the Afghan government, and the Tsarist government is not much better. Although it has been in business for a longer time, it cannot stop the Russian bureaucrats from being careless!

Not long after the war broke out, the two sides lost contact. From the perspective of the Czar's senior officials, if they can't be contacted, there will definitely be no good news.

In order to gain the initiative in the war, the Russian military was forced to launch a war in advance.

Everything has two sides. At this time, the ice and snow are melting, and the Russian army is under great logistical pressure, but the Central Asian Khanate is not much better.

Although there was less pressure on local combat logistics, the outbreak of war at this time affected spring plowing.

For agricultural countries, this is undoubtedly the most critical issue. Although Central Asian countries are not entirely dependent on farming, and animal husbandry is also an important industry, they have still been severely impacted.

There was no other way. The Russian army came and all the young and strong people were forced to join the army. The labor force engaged in agriculture and animal husbandry was greatly reduced, and the reduction of agricultural and animal husbandry production became inevitable.

It may not seem obvious in the short term, but it actually affects the war potential of the three khanates in Central Asia. In a sense, the Russians have already sealed their victory in advance.

However, this was not considered by General Okinets. From beginning to end, he never regarded the Central Asian countries as opponents.

The purpose of launching an offensive is to win a quick victory so that the front can be pushed to Afghanistan as soon as possible and fight the British decisively.

In this context, the long-term strategic advantages for Central Asian countries naturally appear meaningless.

"Power generation to urge the country to speed up. If this continues for up to half a month, we will have no choice but to stop the attack." With the outbreak of the war, the Russian army's chaotic logistics management was gradually exposed.

As the top commander in Central Asia, General Okinets needs logistics supplies, which must also be coordinated domestically.

This is no problem in peacetime. The government's unified allocation of strategic materials can effectively check and balance the military.

It would have seemed inappropriate during the war years. If the tsarist government's bureaucracy had been strong, then the problem would not have been serious and it would have been delayed by a day or two at most.

For a big country, it is not unacceptable to sacrifice a little efficiency.

Unfortunately, the tsarist bureaucracy was in a downward spiral. The reformists who promoted the country's progress in the era of Alexander II have now become decadent conservatives.

Alexander III was not a decisive leader, and the system of the Russian Empire was not perfect, so it was inevitable that there would be some shortcomings for the bureaucratic class.

The middle-aged officer in charge of logistics replied: "Your Excellency, Commander, we have sent five urging telegrams. Except for the first two replies, all the rest have been silent and no news.

If nothing else happens, we will send you five telegrams this time." Telegrams will face the same fate. Perhaps these telegrams will not reach the hands of the Minister of Logistics." The interception of telegrams from the front line is impossible in other countries, but it is normal for it to happen in the Russian Empire.

The slow transportation of logistical supplies does not necessarily mean that the Russian Empire does not have transportation capacity. It is more likely that the transportation capacity originally belonging to the military has been occupied by others.

The intensity of the war in Central Asia is not very great, and some supplies are also stored on the front line. Materials such as food and tents are all ready-made.

What really needs to be transported from the country are ammunition, medicine, and military supplies that are not suitable for long-term storage.

The demand for transportation capacity is not very large. Due to the muddy roads, there may be delays, but it can still be supplied.

The Russian military had already calculated it before launching the attack. If it was determined that the logistics supply was insufficient from the beginning, General Okinets would not launch an attack so early no matter what.

After hearing the news, Admiral Okinets looked gloomy and terrifying. It's not like he hasn't fought before, nor has he ever seen someone cheating on someone, but this is the first time he's encountered someone like this.

Perhaps it has something to do with luck, Okinets did not catch up with the first Prussian-Russian War.

During the Second Russo-Prussian War, the troops he served in moved forward along the Russian-Austrian border. Logistics supplies were purchased nearby, and no matter how hard the quartermaster tried, they would only be delayed by a day or two at most.

Not to mention the Third Near East War. Austria was responsible for supplying logistical supplies and just sent people to receive them. It didn't worry about it at all.

The good luck finally ran out. When fighting in Central Asia, all logistics supplies depended on the country. General Okinets finally learned how powerful the bureaucrats were.

"Why don't you report such an important matter in advance?" The domestic bureaucrats are powerful, and the frontline bureaucrats are not willing to give in. The Logistics Department didn't reply three times. It was quite intoxicating to think that such an important matter could be hidden from him, the commander.

The middle-aged officer who was questioned replied nervously: "We thought it was just that the logistics department was busy with official business, so we forgot to reply for a while. We didn't expect..." Before the middle-aged officer could continue to explain, General Okinets got angry and directly He swung the cup in front of him and threw it away.

"You think, you want everything, so why do you need me as a commander?

Do you think that since your establishment is in the Logistics Department, I, as the commander, can't control you?

Or do you think that the military law of the Russian Empire is not enough? Severe, want to try it?" A series of questions frightened the middle-aged officer, and he didn't know how to answer for a while.

Frankly speaking, they are the doorsteps caught between the logistics department and the frontline command.

They were established in the Logistics Department and were promoted to be responsible for the country. Naturally, they could not afford to offend the men in the rear. The key was that they were also controlled by the frontline headquarters.

To middle- and lower-level officers, the logistics department is certainly a powerful bureaucracy, but to the commander, General Okinets, they are just a subordinate department of the general headquarters.

General Okinets may not be able to decide their promotion, but he can decide their life or death.

The Russian Empire is notoriously corrupt, not to mention management and logistics, which is definitely the hardest hit area by corruption.

If no one pursues it, then nothing will happen. If someone does lift the lid, they still have to be held accountable.

This is a battlefield. As long as General Okinets has evidence, he can execute any bureaucrat involved at any time on the charge of corruption of military supplies.

"Your Excellency Commander, I...I..." Without waiting for the middle-aged officer to explain, Okinets waved his hand and said: "Okay, Kracsvali. I know you all have difficulties and you cannot be the master of the country.

But Remember, we are on the battlefield now. No matter who or what you do, you have to make concessions for the war. I believe you can understand what I mean.

No matter what method you use, you must ensure the supply of logistics supplies for me. Whoever gives it to me If you hold him back, I will kill his head.

You can tell the gentlemen at home this sentence. Once there is a shortage of supplies on the battlefield, or there is a problem with supplies, I will go back to His Majesty the Tsar for comment.

I believe in the great Tsar Majesty. , we will definitely be able to see clearly and find out those in the government who colluded with the British and deliberately delayed the progress of the war." Killing people cannot solve the problem, and Kracsvali is not the one who caused the problem.

Okinets was not an idealist, and he did not want to eliminate the bugs in the tsarist government, as long as these people did not cause trouble for him.

There are too many bureaucrats like Kracsvali in the Russian Empire. If you kill one, there will be another one, and there will be no end to them.

It is even possible that the murder aroused the hatred of the logistics department and deliberately caused trouble for him.

This kind of thing has no precedent. Admiral Okinets did not want to try it. After beating it once, he decisively chose to give up as soon as it was good.

As for taking back the right to allocate logistics supplies, the military itself is responsible for coordinating the supply of supplies. That is a no-brainer.

He was in charge of both troops and food. Unless the tsar personally commanded the troops, he would not be at ease with whoever was allowed to go to the country.

The most basic checks and balances of power are common all over the world. If you try to break the rules, you are violating a taboo. Admiral Okinets is politically savvy and will naturally not jump into traps.

Admiral Okinets' "beating" fell into Kracsvali's eyes, and it was a critical blow more terrifying than the devil.

Once the charge of "colluding with the British" is proven, everyone in the logistics department will definitely receive boxed meals collectively.

Not only was he unlucky, but the family behind him was also going to die.

Regardless of whether a noble is a noble or not, since the reforms of Alexander II, the Russian Empire has no tradition of not killing nobles.

Corruption and bribery in ordinary times do not matter if you make small mistakes. Everyone is the same anyway, and the law does not punish everyone.

But colluding with the British is treason. When did the Tsarist government ever show mercy to traitors?

Seeing Okinets' gaze coming over, Kracsvali hurriedly promised: "Commander, please rest assured. I will definitely urge the country to deliver the supplies as soon as possible." ...

Agen on duty at the Russian Army Logistics Headquarters in St. Petersburg The special minister was passing the time boredly reading the newspaper.

Suddenly, a middle-aged man hurried in with a telegram.

Argent said dissatisfied: "What's going on, Parcel?" Parcel smiled bitterly and said: "Mr. Minister, we can't rush now, otherwise big trouble will happen.

This is a telegram from the front line, Augenie That guy warned us that if the logistics materials cannot be delivered in time, he will accuse us of colluding with the British to His Majesty the Tsar." Argent's face changed drastically and he cursed angrily: "This is unreasonable. How can the Logistics Department be threatened by him?

" Serge, you are making too much fuss. Since Okinets wants to file a complaint, let him do it.

How can His Majesty the Tsar believe such a ridiculous charge? He ordered the transport team to find an excuse and deliberately delay the process. Let's see what he can do!" Being threatened was second, but Argent was more afraid of someone following his example. If Okinets' threat is accepted, and all Russian generals will follow suit in the future, won't the Logistics Department be at the mercy of others?

Parcel shook his head: "Mr. Minister, I'm afraid this won't work. Okinets dares to threaten us because he probably has some evidence in his hands.

According to the Kracsvali telegram, we used military columns to transport supplies to the capitalists. The matter has been exposed.

If Okinets lifts the lid and insists that we colluded with the British and deliberately delayed the delivery of strategic materials, there will be a strict investigation in the country.

What will happen then, it is difficult to say. " After hearing this explanation, Argent instantly realized the seriousness of the problem.

Once proven, the Logistics Department deliberately delayed the delivery of strategic supplies. No evidence was needed as to whether they were colluding with the British, it was the Tsar who had the final say.

Considering the importance of this war, Argent had reason to believe that Alexander III would use their heads to shock the domestic bureaucrats.

Similar things had already happened in the Russo-Prussian War. The senior management of the Logistics Department at that time was dragged out by Alexander II to shoot targets.

A lesson learned from the past is the lesson of the future. Having learned from past mistakes, the bureaucrats in the Logistics Department already know what not to do.

After reacting, Argent made a decisive decision: "What's the point? Start organizing transportation immediately and transport the materials to the front line as soon as possible. Don't leave Okinets with a reason to complain." In a word, as long as the logistics materials arrive on time Arrived at the front line. So the issue of borrowing troops to bring goods to capitalists is a trivial matter that is not worth mentioning.

Even if someone exposed it, the Logistics Department would be able to handle it, and it would not attract the attention of the tsarist government at all.

Otherwise, the consequences will be serious.

Parcel said: "Mr. Minister, it's not that we don't want to hurry up. The problem is that the military equipment has been loaned out.

If we regret it now, there will be a lot of people to offend. You must know that those capitalists are not without foundation. There are too many big names involved behind the scenes." This is a real problem. No matter how rich ordinary capitalists are, they don't have the courage to borrow military trains to transport goods to their families during wartime.

The moral integrity of Russian bureaucrats is not very high. It is just childish to turn against people and directly blackmail their goods.

If you meet a ruthless person, they might even label you as embezzler of military rank, and they will directly raid your home and exterminate your family.

Those who dare to pay to bribe the logistics department and use military trains to transport goods have important people behind them who can withstand such risks.

Argent, who had recovered, sneered: "Just inform them. If they want to be resentful, let them resent Okinets!

Don't be afraid of offending people. This kind of thing is inherently invisible. If it really makes trouble. If we come out, we will certainly be doomed, but how can they be so good?" ...

(End of Chapter)


Chapter 854: The truck that entered by mistake

. Just because the people above don't care doesn't mean that the people below don't care either. Argent holds a high position and is a member of the powerful class. Even if he offends others, no one can do anything to him.

The same cannot be said for the people below. Don't think that it's all the higher-ups who receive money and benefits. In fact, most gray transactions are completed by the people below.

As the Minister of Logistics, Argent was not so cheap that he ended up doing it himself just for the freight of a few trains of freight.

Anyway, even if the younger brother receives the benefits, the boss will also receive a share. Trading can continue because everyone is in the same boat.

...

Brittany McLean's mentality has been a bit broken recently. A truck of goods destined for Moscow was unloaded in Samara.

Okay, he admits that transporting military supplies to the front line is indeed important, and this railway has been requisitioned by the military long ago, but no matter what, it can't stop everyone from making money, right?

You must know that time is money and money is life. Although the Russian Empire's business mainly relied on backstage, Brittany was not short of backstage.

But in Shangyanshang, now that the goods have been unloaded, if there is no new train freight, and the goods cannot be delivered on time, liquidated damages will also be paid.

"Director Ixil, I need a reasonable explanation why my goods were unloaded?

Do you know how much money we have to lose for every day of delay?

Who will bear this loss?

Don't forget, you have already I have collected the money. Now that I have suddenly breached the contract, do you think that I, Brittany, are easy to bully?

Or do you think that Marquis Cristanval has resigned and now that he is gone, he can be manipulated by you?" He looked at the angry man. Brittany, Director Ixil was also helpless.

He didn't want to suddenly break the contract, but he had no choice. The superiors had issued a fatal order to ensure the supply of frontline materials. If he failed to complete the task, he would not only lose his official position, but also may lose his head.

"Mr. Brittany, I'm very sorry. A death order has been issued from above, and we must ensure that frontline materials are transported to the frontline on time. Now all the vehicles have been sent there. Please wait another half month for your goods! By then, I will give you priority in arranging train tickets." This explanation obviously did not satisfy Brittany, so she just paid liquidated damages for delayed arrival.

Although Samara is an important transportation thoroughfare, it does not mean that there are enough storage warehouses there, let alone that all materials can be stored.

Stacked in the open air for half a month, if God doesn't show mercy, this batch of agricultural products can be used as fertilizer.

Even if the weather is good every day, half a month is enough for potatoes and corn to germinate, and then they can only be sold to lower-level workers at low prices.

"Director Ixil, are you kidding? It's not like you don't know what this batch of goods is. If I can wait half a month, why should I come here to find you?

Anyway, you can figure it out. If If you think Marquis Cristanval is easy to bully, just leave it alone!" What Brittany wants is not an explanation, but a solution to the problem. He knows very well what kind of Russian bureaucrats are. If he wants to get things done, he must either spend money or use his backing to exert pressure.

The money has already been spent, and Brittany is not the one who was taken advantage of, and will not pay repeatedly to break the rules, so she can only move out of the backstage to put pressure.

Ixil's expression changed greatly, even though he knew that Brittany was just trying to pull the flag. At this moment, the chance of Marquis Christian Vale getting involved in such a thing was very low.

But not getting involved now does not mean not retaliating in the future. After all, it will touch other people's pockets.

It is true that Marquis Cristanval has retired, but after all, he is a former finance minister, and his network of contacts in the government cannot be underestimated.

Perhaps the higher-ups can withstand it, but Ixir, a small director, cannot withstand the torment.

"Mr. Brittany, to tell you the truth, no one can come forward in this matter.

Admiral Okinets has issued a warning to the Logistics Department. If the logistics materials cannot be guaranteed to arrive on time, he will accuse us of misappropriation to His Majesty the Tsar." The matter of the military ranks.

Once the matter is revealed, our logistics department, including your businessmen, and even Marquis Cristanval will not be able to escape.

Money or life is more important, you weigh it yourself! For the sake of Marquis Cristanval For your sake, we can refund the shipping fee.

But if you take the money back, everyone will go their separate ways from now on, and the logistics department will never cooperate with you again." After the showdown, it was Brittany's turn to have a headache. . The problem now is not that Ixil collects money but doesn't do things, but that it doesn't dare to do things.

From what Brittany knew about the vampire Ixiel, money was his life. As long as you have enough money, you can do anything.

I originally thought that he just wanted to raise the price and take the opportunity to extort money, but I didn't expect that the problem had already involved a high-level struggle.

If we really want the money back, both parties will be at loggerheads. The principle of fighting between the people and the government applies everywhere. Even if there is a backer behind her, Brittany is still timid.

After hesitating for a moment, Brittany said slowly: "Mr. Ixil, can't you think of a way? To ensure the transportation of materials on the front line, we don't need these trains.

If you are in a hurry, you can Recruiting more civilians and using more animal power can always be done.

You must know that this batch of goods really cannot be delayed. To tell you the truth, the agricultural products are only on the surface, and there are still some inside... " The higher the value of the goods, the more troublesome it will be, and Ixir will also have a headache. If it is just agricultural products, even if part of it is damaged, the loss will be very limited.

But there is a batch of special "drugs" inside, so the situation is different. This kind of business is obviously not something Brittany can do on her own. There must be a bunch of big shots waiting to share the spoils.

If these people's financial resources are cut off, someone will definitely take revenge afterwards, and Ixir, as the person involved, will probably become a punching bag.

After hesitating for a moment, Ixil frowned and said: "Okay, Brittany. Don't think about the military columns.

The military is watching now. If something happens midway, we will Everything will be ruined, including the people behind you.

If you are really in a hurry, I can transfer some peasants and carriages to you, and you can take care of the rest.

By the way, we came from Austria not long ago We have imported a batch of large trucks and can lend them to you if you want.

However, these costs must be calculated separately. Who told you not to inform you in advance that the freight charges for special medicines and agricultural products are different." After knowing that this was the bottom line, Bu Li Tani did not continue to hope for military ranks. He did not want to get involved in the battle between the logistics department and the military. If he was not careful, he would really be shattered into pieces.

"Yes, but you must help coordinate with the local government and let them help repair the road, otherwise the truck will not be able to run." Ixir nodded: "Don't worry, the road has been repaired a long time ago. As long as you don't take the trail. "Cars can pass through most sections of the road." Most sections of the road are passable, which also means that some sections are impassable. But this is not a problem that Ixir is worried about. If you can run it for a period, it will count for a period.

If the car can't pass, use the carriage. If the carriage can't move, use the manpower. Anyway, that's how the Russian Empire's logistics system was structured.

In fact, if the high-level officials of the Tsarist government had not accidentally discovered the military value of trucks during their inspection in Austria, the Logistics Department would not have purchased them at all.

It's not that these trucks are unusable, it's mainly that they're not suitable for the Russian Empire.

Let's not talk about traffic waste. What's even more troublesome is the difficulty of later maintenance. Not to mention the import of spare parts, even the workers who repair the cars have to be hired from outside.

If these can be overcome, then the severe winter is fatal.

When the temperature is several to ten degrees below zero, the engine can still barely ignite if heated from the outside. When the temperature is thirty or forty degrees below zero, it must be kept warm when parked, otherwise there is a certain chance that the engine will be scrapped.

As far as this performance is concerned, it is still an anti-freeze vehicle produced by Austria specifically for the Russians. If an ordinary truck encounters the Russian winter, it will stop working.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 855: Getting More Rampant

On the Afghan battlefield, after a series of hard battles, the British army successfully defeated the main force of the Afghan government forces.

On July 16, 1888, the British army successfully captured Kabul after suffering more than 3,000 casualties, and the remaining Afghan government was forced to withdraw to the Hindu Kush Mountains.

After finally winning this great victory, the British no longer hid it, and the London government immediately issued an announcement to the outside world.

Watching the British show off their achievements, Franz was also a little worried. This ending was so unexpected. The Afghan government didn't even hold on for half a year.

The British have occupied Kabul, and the Russians are still fighting fiercely with the Central Asian Khanate. Once the British army penetrates Afghanistan and is directly connected with the Central Asian Khanate, it will be difficult for the Russians to fight the war behind them.

This was completely different from the previous plan. Originally, Franz wanted to delay Afghanistan for a little longer and let the Russians push the front all the way to British India to stimulate the British.

Without being stimulated, the London government would most likely not fight fiercely with the Russians, and would probably stop after occupying the Afghan region.

As for the three khanates in Central Asia, most of them can be saved if they can. If they cannot be saved, it is not impossible to sell them and compromise with the Russians.

Perhaps in the years to come, Afghanistan will become a heavy burden for the British, but the Russians have not been greatly weakened.

An aggressive ally like the Russian Empire should not be too strong, otherwise it will make people unable to sleep.

After rubbing his forehead, Franz said helplessly: "The Russian war loan has been approved. Now the Tsarist government needs our support." There was no way to influence the British government, so he could only incite the Tsarist government. Now we can only hope that Mao Xiong is greedy and can fight to the end for India and the British.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Your Majesty, this is not the right time to express goodwill. It seems too deliberate. If the Russians want to obtain war loans, it is best to follow formal procedures and let them take out the mortgage.

To avoid being discovered, We want to provoke a war between Britain and Russia and cause unnecessary trouble." Politics needs to be framed. It is true that Austria wants to provoke a war between Britain and Russia, but thinking about it, it is absolutely impossible to say it.

From the very beginning, the Vienna government positioned itself as having no interest in the Central Asian war and was forced to support the Russians only because of the Russian-Austrian alliance.

Cheering for the Russians is out of common hatred and has absolutely no intention of causing trouble.

Regardless of whether others believe it or not, the Vienna government believes it anyway.

"Yeah!" Franz nodded in approval. The current situation is indeed not suitable for Austria to do too much.

But doing nothing will not work. If the situation is allowed to develop on its own, Austria's strategic goals will not be achieved.

Prime Minister Carr: "Both the British and Russian governments are not fools. The situation has developed to this point. To achieve our strategic goals, it is no longer possible to start from the top. Perhaps now we should change our minds and intensify the contradiction between the two countries, and It is not necessary for the two governments to agree.

As the war situation develops, it will be a matter of time before Britain and Russia border. Once the two sides have no buffer, it will be much easier to create conflicts.

Until now, the British have only invested The five Indian colonial divisions and a small number of local troops have very limited combat effectiveness. They can deal with the Afghan government just fine, but it is impossible to frighten the Russians. We only need to secretly push them and let the radical elements of the Russian army take action. Yes." After listening to the Prime Minister's explanation, Franz suddenly found that he had fallen into a misunderstanding. In this age of the jungle, everything must be done with "strength." The British seemed to have the upper hand, but the Indian colonial divisions really couldn't control the situation. Not only will it fail to deter the Russians, it may also stimulate their ambitions.

It is not impossible to change this, immediately expand the army, and deploy hundreds of thousands of regular troops from the mainland to confront the Russians.

It seems that it is not difficult to operate, but the problem is that military expansion also costs money.

This is not a one-time expense, but a long-term expense. As long as the Russian Empire does not decline, Britain will have to deploy heavy troops in Afghanistan.

Affected by this, Britain is no longer a pure sea power country, but also must develop land power. Although this "land" is not the mainland, India's importance is slightly less than that of the mainland.

The Army consumes a large amount of military expenditures, and if things continue like this, it will inevitably affect the development of the Royal Navy.

Not only these questions, Franz had more on his mind. It seemed that the British had occupied Kabul, but the resistance of the Afghans did not stop.

It cannot be seen in the short term, because the territory occupied by the British is not large. After occupying the entire Afghanistan, whether these Indian divisions can maintain local order is a question.

Seeing a chaotic Afghanistan, there is no reason for the Russians not to be tempted?

As long as the Russians take action, the British government will have no choice but to refuse to fight. The worst case scenario is to become a financial backer and spend money to let Britain and Russia compete.

It is better to spend a sum of money now to weaken two competitors at the same time than to spend more money in the future and go into battle personally.

"The Prime Minister is right. We really need to change our mindset now and take the lower-level route. The responsibility for provoking the conflict between Britain and Russia will be left to the intelligence agencies. The Ministry of Finance is going to do it first. In addition to the current 50 million Aegis In addition to war loans, we will prepare 300 million Aegis funds for the Russians in the next three years. This time we will support the Russians to fight to the end." Not all the money will be paid by Austria, but most of the war costs will still be paid by Austria. The tsarist government took matters into its own hands.

For example: the most common grains, there are a lot of them in the tsarist government's warehouses, just transport them there.

Relatively speaking, gray animals are still very economical. As long as the problem of food is solved, each person can go to the battlefield with a rifle.

The Tsarist government's self-financing, coupled with Austria's huge sum of money, is enough for the Russians to fight for several hundred thousand troops for several years.

"Yes, Your Majesty!" ...

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Not only the battlefield in Central Asia needs attention, but the European continent is also at a critical moment of change.

Since the alliance between Britain and France, the French have become more and more aggressive. Just above Last week, the French government bought out the British Coal Association.

The British Coal Association deviated from the International Coal Export Alliance and has taken the lead in reducing the price of coal exported to France by 20%, which is equivalent to the average price of coal exports in the international market.

Now the French are Put pressure on Belgium and the North German Federation to increase the total amount of coal exported to France by 30% and reduce the price by 69%.

This price is not only far lower than the international coal price, but even lower than This has affected the coal prices in several European coal-producing countries.

Coupled with various costs, some coal mines that are difficult to mine may directly fall into a state of loss." In fact, the average international coal export price is also due to the International Coal Export Alliance's It was only imposed by the French.

Without accounting for freight, the average coal price in Austria is about 20% higher, while the price of coal purchased in France is about 50% higher.

The export price is so high, plus all kinds of miscellaneous expenses. When it finally reaches the buyer, the price may exceed half.

Coal was an urgently needed product, and because the British and Austrian forces jointly led the operation, the French were unable to resist before.

After the alliance between Britain and France, the siege network was broken and the international situation improved, the French government could not help but take action.

After buying off the British, they relied on their strong fists to bully Belgium and the North German Federation.

As for Austria, another coal exporting alliance country, its share in the international coal export market is very small, and it is directly ignored by the French.

Although he did not have a calculator, Franz also knew that the French's goal was to break the embarrassing situation of high domestic energy prices, and that testing European countries could only be considered secondary.

Although he didn't have a calculator, Franz quickly came to the conclusion that based on the average retail price of finished coal in Austria being 1, France's previous purchase price was 1.5.

1.5* (1-0.69) = 0.465 The French just want to buy at 46.5% of the retail price. Counting miscellaneous taxes, freight, wholesale and retailer profits, this price is basically comparable to Austrian prices when used by French companies. Achieve flat energy prices.

This is only tied with Austria. In fact, in Britain, a major coal-producing country, the domestic average coal price is even lower, about three to five percentage points lower.

It can be seen from these data that French industrial and commercial products are not competitive, and it is not without reason.

It's true that the coal industry is making huge profits, but it's not that huge. Even domestic suppliers can't get such low prices.

According to the current pricing given by the French, unless Belgium and the North German Federation exempt coal production companies from all taxes, most companies will fall into losses.

The French have no problem wanting to lower energy costs, but the problem now is that the French government wants Belgium and the German Confederation to pay for them.

Prime Minister Karl was surprised and said: "The French are crazy, how can Belgium and North Germany accept such a price?

Even if the two governments choose to accept it due to the military threat of the French, I am afraid the capitalists will not agree." No. "I'm afraid" will definitely not be agreed. These days, capital has begun to internationalize. Taking the coal mines in the Rhineland as an example, a large part of the mines have fallen into the hands of British and Austrian capital.

How could these capitalists accept such a price that harms their own interests?

At worst, if you don't do French business, you won't be afraid if you have a foreign investment background. In the end, those who are really affected are probably those who have no background...

Franz nodded: "If you want to make them die, you must first make them crazy. If the French are really so rampant, it will be a good thing for us.

These conditions have exceeded the bottom line of Belgium and North Germany, and it is impossible for the two countries to agree. If the French dare to use force, Belgium and the North German Federation will fall to us. I don't mind sending troops to fight them for our allies.

However , The French are not that stupid. They are not ready for war. It will not do them any good to turn against each other now. This is probably just a test by them. The lion is opening its mouth now just to test the bottom line of the two countries and to lower them. The country's expectations.

If nothing else happens, the French will show a little bit of goodwill in the next negotiations, and the two countries will choose to compromise. " There is no way, this is the helplessness of small countries, the sorrow of the weak...

( End of this chapter)


Chapter 856 Adding Obstacles

There are no surprises. As a responsible big country, Austria will naturally provide security protection for Belgium and North Germany.

On August 1, 1888, Franz issued a "Letter to the People of Europe", making it clear that Austria would be committed to maintaining the balance and stability of the European continent and resolutely fight against the evil forces that undermined the European order.

As for whether the two governments dare to believe it, I don't know. However, this announcement still has positive significance and has won widespread support from public opinion.

With Austria's commitment, Belgium and Germany also have some confidence at the negotiating table.

There is really only a trace, because the two countries involved suffered the most heavy losses when the war broke out. No one knows who will win in the end between France and Austria. Anyway, they are all losers in the middle.

Just because the governments of the two countries can be rational does not mean that the people will be rational as well. After receiving a positive reply from Austria, a massive anti-French movement broke out among the people of the two countries.

In Brussels, demonstrators had blocked the streets. Even in the palace, Leopold II could clearly hear the people's protests.

There is no doubt that they are all asking the government to be tough on the law. Nationalism had risen, and the terms proposed by the French deeply stung everyone's self-esteem.

Prime Minister Auguste: "Your Majesty, we can no longer give in. The French are determined to conquer us. This is just the beginning.

Blind concessions will not only fail to solve the problem, but will also make the French think that we are weak and can be bullied, and they will be more aggressive." ." Obviously, Austria's clear position and the support of mainstream European public opinion still influences the Belgian government.

Prime Minister Auguste, who had always been mature and prudent, was also angered by the French's unreasonable demands and turned to support toughness.

Leopold II nodded. He also wanted to be tough, but he didn't know what to do!

It is true that Belgium and Austria have a secret agreement, but it will take time between the outbreak of the war and the arrival of Austrian reinforcements. They still have to bear the burden in the early stage. The possibility of the battlefield being in Belgium is as high as 99.99%...

In case of Austria If people get timid or arrive a few days late, Belgium will cease to exist. Leopold II had no confidence in stopping the French invasion.

It cannot be stopped militarily, and it cannot be retreated politically and economically.

Just look at the people gathered outside and you will know that if they really agree to the unreasonable demands of the French, the country will explode first.

Not to mention the economy, with such a huge loss of income, the Belgian government is just waiting to go bankrupt!

Leopold II asked: "How is the communication between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Germans? Do they agree to advance and retreat with us?" Foreign Minister Jules shook his head and sarcastically said: "The Germans are busy negotiating with the British. Communication, hoping that the London government will interfere with the actions of the French." Leopold II was very surprised and asked: "Don't they have any brains?

If they want to interfere, they have already stated their position. At this time, they still expect the British Intervention is simply whimsical!" Leopold II was not surprised, and he knew on his knees that Britain and France had just formed an alliance. No matter what, at this point in time, the British government would not fall out with their most important ally for them.

Even Austria, which is most likely to intervene, has only stated its position and has not directly intervened in the negotiations.

In Leopold II's view, instead of continuing to entangle with the British, it was better to take the opportunity to promote an alliance among the three Bideo countries to jointly curb the expansion of the French.

Foreign Minister Jules explained: "It may be that the British gave Hanover some promises. George I has always resisted getting closer to Austria.

However, other states in the German region are communicating with Austria. The Archduke of Baden will also visit Vienna in the near future. , maybe it is also related to this incident." Even though the North German Federation is in disarray, when it comes to safeguarding national interests, everyone still has the same goal.

It is unrealistic for the British to withdraw from the International Coal Export Alliance and continue to maintain high coal prices with France, but it is even more impossible to sign a low-price coal treaty with the French that would be humiliating and humiliating the country.

In a sense, the North German Federation's approach was in the best interest of itself. As the center, Hanover embraced the British, and the small states in the country sought Austria's support.

If you don't look at the monk's face and the Buddha's face, even if the negotiation fails, the French will not be able to attack them rashly.

Just like this, Belgium will suffer. The relationship between the North German Federation and Britain and Austria is simply not comparable to them.

There is no shortage of men these days who are pouring their blood for the country. Once the French invade North Germany, domestic nationalists will push Austria to the battlefield regardless of whether the Austrian government is willing to join the war.

Even if the central government does not want to fight, the defenders on the border will do it themselves. Anyone who dares to stop it will be at odds with public opinion.

Although Britain may not necessarily fall out with the French because of this, Queen Victoria's face will definitely be very exciting.

Even if they don't fall out openly and secretly make some small moves against the French, it will still happen.

Belgium does not have this kind of treatment. Although the relationship between Britain and Belgium is good, it is only good. The two countries are not allies with military obligations.

Because of its size, Belgium is not very important to Britain. Of course, the British did not want to see the French annex Belgium.

But it was just a beating, and it was not within the scope of British intervention.

Not to mention Austria, from the moment it became independent from the Holy Roman Empire, Belgium could no longer be considered its own.

Although the two countries have signed a secret agreement, it does not mean that they will not be betrayed. The French wanted to annex Belgium, and Austria would certainly fulfill its obligations.

If we just beat them up, no one is sure whether Austria will go to war with the French over this.

In fact, what Leopold II was most worried about now was not being annexed by the French.

Annexing a country on the European continent is very hateful. The French would not dare to risk the disapproval of the world before gaining the acquiescence of the big powers.

The current military threat is to beat you up and change the government. For the rulers, this is similar to the subjugation of the country.

After hesitating for a long time, Leopold II said slowly: "Let's appease the people outside first and tell them that the government will never accept the unreasonable demands of the French. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs continues to negotiate with the French and the price of coal exports can be reduced. But it cannot be too much lower than the international average export price." No matter how great the threat from the French was, Leopold II still had the responsibility of a monarch and first chose to appease the domestic people.

After the emergence of the two major alliances, the smell of gunpowder on the European continent became stronger and stronger, and Leopold II was not unaware of it.

Unfortunately, Belgium is only a small country and does not have the capital to become a trend-setter. Even the conflict-ridden North German Federation is in a much better situation than them.

...

In Paris, Napoleon IV looked livid when he saw Franz's "Message to the People of Europe".

It was originally a test, but I didn't expect that Austria would jump out and cause trouble just after it started.

Having the support of a major country and not having the support of a major country are two completely different concepts. There is no doubt that it is impossible to get Belgium and Germany to accept the conditions at this time.

"Hmph!" With a cold shout, Napoleon IV threw away the half-read "Message to the People of Europe" and cursed: "The damn Habsburg dynasty is really haunting. You are everywhere!" France The Bonaparte dynasty and the Habsburg dynasty have been fighting for European hegemony for hundreds of years, and the grievances between the Bonaparte dynasty and the Habsburg dynasty also ran through the anti-French war.

In recent decades, although there has been some relaxation, the conflicts between the two countries have not diminished, but have continued to increase.

However, in order not to give other countries an advantage, the two governments subconsciously covered up the conflicts on the surface. Secretly, the two sides have fought countless times.

Prime Minister Terrence Burgin comforted: "Your Majesty, there is no need to be angry about this trivial matter.

Although we did not allow Belgium and Germany to accept our conditions, we still tested the bottom lines of each country.

Even if it seems Austria, the toughest country, is also just clamoring loudly. If they really want to stand up for Belgium and Germany, they will directly participate in the negotiations.

As it is now, it seems that they are supporting Belgium and Germany, but in fact they are only supporting them spiritually. .

No substantive action has been taken. If we really want them to go to war with us for the two countries, the Austrian government will probably give up." In a sense, there is really no need for Napoleon IV to be angry, and the current result is better than expected in advance. Much more.

It would have been perfect if it hadn't been for Franz's disgusting "Letter to the People of Europe".

Napoleon IV sneered: "So what, the bottom line of European countries is indeed very low, but what we have to do still challenges their bottom line. The three countries of Britain, Russia and Austria don't want us to make up for the final shortcomings, so Didn't even our good allies warn us?" In the eyes of the outside world, only Austria among the major powers publicly expressed support for Belgium and Germany and condemned the actions of the French government.

But secretly, Britain and Russia also expressed dissatisfaction with the French government.

Perhaps this secret warning is not very strong, but it is still an invisible pressure on the French government.

Prime Minister Terrence Burgin: "No matter what, this is a good start.

Although European countries still reject us, they are no longer united and have their own small calculations.

On the issue of containing us, the British The three major powers of Russia and Austria have already had differences. If it were not limited by geographical location, I am afraid Austria would not be so active.

The morale of the governments of Belgium and Germany has been defeated by us. In the following negotiations, As long as we make a slight concession, the two governments should accept it.

The falling cost of coal will definitely have a certain promotion effect on domestic industry and economy. New prosperity is not far away." ...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 857 Counterproductive The

The turbulent international situation has not affected Austria's Near East development plan. You still need to be strong in blacksmithing, otherwise you won't be able to grasp the opportunity when it comes to you.

It has been four years since the Near East Development Plan was launched in 1884.

Four years can only be regarded as a small episode for a country; but for a place, it can undergo earth-shaking changes.

Compared with the depression that just experienced the war 4 years ago, today's Near East has become a large construction site.

Railways are advancing like dragons; small towns are rising from the ground; old cities are still being demolished, and new cities have begun to be built.

In just four years, Austria immigrated more than three million people to the Near East and controlled most of the area.

"The progress of the Near East development plan is still too slow. At the current pace, it may not be completed in another ten years. The The international situation is becoming increasingly tense, and the possibility of war on the European continent is increasing. We do not have enough time to wait. The government We must find ways to speed up the development of the Near East." In the eyes of the outside world, the Near East is advancing at an alarming speed, but in Franz's eyes, it is still too slow.

Four years have passed, and the Near East is still a large construction site. In addition to the establishment of a number of small towns, slightly larger projects are underway.

It was originally planned to complete the development and reconstruction of the Near East within ten years, but reality told Franz that it simply could not be done.

Prime Minister Karl was shocked and said: "Your Majesty, our development in the Near East is already progressing very fast. If we continue to speed up blindly, a series of problems will arise later." It is not that the progress cannot be accelerated, but it is already very fast while ensuring the quality of the project. It's hard to speed up any more.

After all, there is little construction machinery and equipment these days, so it all depends on manpower. What restricts the rapid completion of the Near East development plan is not the Austrian government's lack of effort, but the inability of social productivity to keep up.

Franz didn't study engineering machinery, so he couldn't help at all on this issue. Even if I could draw a diagram of the equipment of later generations, it would only be an exterior diagram, and I would have no idea what it looked like inside.

It is simply unrealistic to imitate engineering equipment based on outline drawings. There is a lot of basic scientific knowledge involved in many mechanical equipment, and it is impossible to build it without keeping up with it.

Franz shook his head: "The international situation is changing rapidly, and time waits for no one. The Near East development plan cannot be completed in a short time, so the projects must be graded and important projects should be prioritized.

For example: roads, bridges, stations, etc. , must be ranked first; it doesn't matter if the new city construction project is delayed." Franz admitted that he was anxious, but his intuition told him that the day when the situation in Europe would get out of control was not far away.

He was really unsure if he did not roll out the railway network before the war broke out and lay the foundation for connecting the mainland to Africa.

Prime Minister Karl reminded: "Your Majesty, after we issued the warning, the French have made concessions, and now the three French, Bid and German countries have come to the negotiating table.

Judging from the current situation in Europe, the French are not ready for war yet. The possibility of war breaking out on the European continent is still very small.

The Near East development plan we have formulated is a whole, and each project is complementary to each other.

Slowing down urban construction along the way and blindly speeding up railway construction will lead to a long period of time in the future. Railway operation will fall into a state of serious losses, which is very uneconomical." The European war will not be fought for a while. This is not Prime Minister Karl's personal view. Most people in the Austrian government see it this way, and it can even be said that 99% of Europe Everyone holds this view.

There was only a little friction between Fabed and Fabed, and the French's approach was at best political blackmail under military threat.

The biggest risk of war comes from the confrontation between the two major alliances. However, now the relationship between the two major alliances is only deteriorating between Britain and Russia, and France and Austria can only be regarded as normal stabbings between the great powers.

Franz shook his head: "Let's take a loss. Anyway, we never expected the railway in the Near East to make money. Completing it ahead of schedule is just a small thank you.

In order to gain strategic initiative, we can still afford this price. " No matter how important the economic account is, it is not as important as national strategic security. The railway running through the Near East meant that Austria had a strategic advantage over France.

Of course, this is based on the background that the European War continues. If the winner is determined from the beginning, this plan will not be important.

Sometimes Franz wonders whether he should imitate Prussia and strike first, catching the French by surprise.

After considering Britain and Russia, Franz decisively gave up this tempting plan. If you succeed, your profit will be limited. If you lose, you will lose your pants.

Not actively provoking a war does not mean that Franz did nothing. The French dared to propose hegemonic terms to Belgium and Germany, which was actually indulged by Austria.

It seems that the French have taken advantage, but they do not know that they have also pushed themselves to the opposite side of European countries.

On the surface, everyone acted weak and did nothing, but subconsciously, the "French threat theory" has emerged in many people's minds.

Don't expect everyone to be rational. With this "subconscious", if the Franco-Austrian War breaks out, everyone will naturally lean towards Austria when they take sides.

...

On November 24, 1888, after a series of bargaining, the three countries of France, Belgium and Germany signed the "Coal Export Agreement" in Paris.

Without any surprise, the French government won a great victory. According to the treaty, Belgium and Germany will export 50 million tons of coal to France at par in the next five years, of which no less than 8 million tons of high-quality coking coal will be exported.

The word "affordable" made both Belgium and Germany feel sad. Although there was no clear explanation in the treaty, everyone knew that this was a super low price.

Specifically, in less than a month after the signing of the treaty, the overall retail price of coal in France fell by nearly one-fifth.

The steel industry has benefited most from the fall in coal prices. In the last month of 1888, French steel production increased by 18% compared with the same period last year.

This is just the beginning. Affected by falling energy prices, French industry has begun to rejuvenate.

The capitalists who received the benefits did not forget to sing praises to the government. Overnight Napoleon IV became France's greatest monarch.

Everyone likes to hear good words, and Napoleon IV also enjoyed seeing the fancy praises in newspapers.

Soon Napoleon IV was no longer happy. After tasting the sweetness, the capitalists were not satisfied, but wanted to go further.

No matter how cheap "affordable coal" is, it is not as beneficial as getting it in your own hands, not to mention that affordable coal is not very easy to buy.

The French government's pressure is nothing more than forcing Belgium and Germany to reduce taxes on coal exported to France. Coal mining companies still have to make profits.

Even if the government signs a treaty, the capitalists still don't want to buy it. Many companies actually increased the ex-factory price they sold to the French after the treaty was signed.

Some national capitalists even refused to sell coal to the French in protest against the unequal treaty.

The governments of Belgium and Germany are also conscientious. Their tax cuts have already touched the bottom line. It is simply impossible for them to force companies to reduce export prices.

After the three countries signed the treaty, the quantity of coal imported by France from Belgium and Germany fell instead of rising. "Affordable coal" does exist, but it is just unavailable.

It can also be seen from the decline in domestic coal prices that the price of coal imported from France is only at the same level as the international market. Coal mining companies in Germany and Germany who want to get goods below the market price are not cooperative.

The government has indeed reduced taxes, but people are just unwilling to lower prices. We are all capitalists, who doesn't want to earn more?

The main contradiction now is no longer the contradiction between countries, but the contradiction between capitals.

According to conventional means, French capital naturally has nothing to do with the coal bosses in Belgium and Germany and can only ask the government for help.

...

At the Palace of Versailles, Napoleon IV frowned and asked: "What do you think of the Steel Guild's proposal?" Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec: "Your Majesty, we have just signed a treaty with Belgium and Germany. , breach of contract so soon, the international community cannot explain it.

Judging from the current situation, there is no possibility for the governments of Belgium and Germany to continue to make concessions. If they force them to make a deal, it may be counterproductive." In fact, the situation has been stuck from the beginning . Rael Kadlec opposed excessive pressure on Belgium and Germany and advocated using unified procurement contracts to lower prices.

Unfortunately, the domestic capitalists are not cooperating. Everyone is used to freedom. What if we give the purchasing power to the government?

Facts have proved that coercion cannot solve the problem. The three governments did reach an agreement, but domestic companies still resisted.

Although the situation of sky-high coal prices no longer exists, it is still impossible to purchase cheap coal below the international average price.

Many companies in Belgium and Germany refuse to export coal to France. This is not because the capitalists are very patriotic, but mainly because they are forced by domestic patriotism.

Nationalism has risen, and now doing business with the French means being labeled a traitor.

Not only coal mining companies, many companies in Belgium and Germany no longer cooperate with the French, and the whole society has launched a wave of boycotts of French goods.

This is why French capitalists are eager to seek help from the government.

If the anti-French wave in the two countries is not suppressed, France will lose another part of its small international market.

Economics Minister Elsa: "Government intervention may indeed bring uncertain risks, but the situation is now out of control.

If the government does not intervene, not only will we not be able to get cheap coal, but we will also lose our markets in Belgium and Germany.

There are various signs that British capital is behind this. Several companies that have taken the lead in boycotting coal exports to us have British and Austrian capital holding shares behind them." ...

(End of Chapter)


Chapter 858 Intensifying.

The University of Berlin, since the defeat of the Russo-Prussian War, has become the cradle of German nationalism, with various radical ideas emerging one after another.

Because of the failure of the war, the Kingdom of Prussia was saddled with huge debts. In order to repay the huge debts, the Prussian government had long been overwhelmed and had no money to develop its economy.

People's lives are under great pressure and they are dissatisfied with society, which naturally intensifies the spread of ideas.

After joining the German Confederation and receiving economic help from the central government, Prussia's domestic economy improved slightly.

However, this is all over now. With the signing of the coal export treaty with France, the era of the German Federation relying on high-priced coal to seek huge profits came to an end, and the central government's fiscal revenue dropped significantly.

Without this revenue, the states were unwilling to pay taxes to the central government. The central government itself was in a situation where it could not make ends meet, and naturally it was unable to help the Kingdom of Prussia.

Against this background, apart from the coal-rich Rhineland region, the Kingdom of Prussia reacted most violently.

From the beginning, the Prussian government firmly resisted negotiations with France, but they were still underrepresented in the federation.

Being able to allow them to enter the Imperial Parliament is the result of years of diplomatic efforts, and they have no decision-making power at all.

Unable to lift the thigh with its arms, the Berlin government could only passively accept it. The government accepted the reality, but the people couldn't help it.

Like all regions of the German Federation, anti-French demonstrations of varying sizes broke out.

At the University of Berlin, a group of young students were having a heated discussion, and it was immediately clear that they were planning a boycott of the French.

...

A young student walked up to the podium: "Dear students, the demonstrations going on now are of no use at all. The French cannot see it at all, and the weak government does not dare to fight against the French.

I want to change all this." , we must take more active measures to let the damn French know that we are not easy to bully." Anti-French demonstrations are effective. Domestic newspapers and magazines have stopped entertainment news and supported the patriotic activities organized by students. sports.

Workers, the middle class, capitalists, and even government officials joined the demonstrations.

In some small countries, the monarchs came out to join in the fun and appeared in the demonstrations.

The influence was enough, but unfortunately the effect was not very good. The French did not choose to compromise, and the German federal government did not dare to tear up the treaty.

"Fritz, what is a more active action?

Is it to besiege the French embassy?

It's useless. The corrupt central government has long sent troops to blockade the embassy area. We can't get in at all!

Petition to the government, let alone Use.

The Berlin government has always opposed compromise with the French. In fact, except for Hanover, all states do not support compromise with the French." As a state government, of course it must oppose this kind of thing that will be scolded.

Except for the central government of Hanover, which cannot escape and must go up, everyone else hides as far away as possible.

From the fact that the Imperial Parliament did not reject this treaty, we know that compromise is the common will of many countries, but the blame falls on the Hanover family.

Even William II, who had just succeeded to the throne, issued a letter of condemnation righteously, scolding the French and the central government bloody.

Anyway, under a system like the German Confederation, the central government can't do anything to the monarchs of the states, so it just scolds them.

Prussia was willing to cooperate with the central government in order to obtain economic assistance. This was also the condition for Prussia to agree to form a second-chamber empire with Hanover.

Now that the promised aid was gone, William II did not fall out, but just cursed a few words without any pain, which was already a great deal of face.

Fritz shook his head: "Of course not. The central government is too weak. Hanover colluded with Britain and France to betray the interests of the empire. This cannot be solved by petitioning. If we want to change the current situation, the best way is to let the French see us determination to force them to make concessions.

Although we have called on the people to refuse to buy French goods before, this is still not enough. If we want the French to compromise, we have to do more.

I have roughly calculated that the German Federation has an annual dispute with France of The total annual import and export trade is about 67 million Aegis.

Coal exports alone account for a quarter. Don't the French want to plunder cheap coal? We will make it impossible for them to buy a piece of coal.

The British alone The coal exported is not enough for the French. As long as the trade between the two countries can be cut off, the French will not be afraid of compromise." This is a fact. Once the German Federation stops exporting coal to France, the French will not be able to find it in a short time. Enough replacements.

At present, the main coal-producing countries in Europe are Britain, Germany, Russia, and Austria. The Russians' coal is sold at a sky-high price, and Austrian coal is rarely exported.

Although the British coal export volume is large, the sudden increase in the market gap cannot be filled in a day or two.

In the enlarged version of France, the amount of coal consumed every day is an astronomical figure. Once there is a shortage of supply, France's economy will immediately have problems.

However, it is not only the French economy that is unlucky, but the German Federation is also not doing well.

By cutting off the trade exchanges between the two countries, the German Federation will also suffer heavy losses. Countless companies will go bankrupt and millions of people may be unemployed as a result.

Upon hearing this crazy plan, the rational Hans exclaimed: "Fritz, your plan is too crazy. If you do this, the French will go crazy!" Loss or whatever is a minor issue to the nationalists.

After all, most of those who can enter university are from better families and have not been severely beaten by society. I don't know how severe the economic losses will be. The focus of attention is still the reaction of the French.

Despite the loud slogans everyone shouted, it was just talk if they were not afraid of the French. If the French really came to attack, everyone would still be very panicked.

Fritz sneered: "If you want to defend national sovereignty, how can you not take risks?

Even if the French really attack, what will happen?

His Majesty Franz has publicly promised to protect our safety. His old man's Everyone knows clearly what the credibility is.

With the strength of all the countries in the German region, we are not afraid of the French, and we are even stronger. What we are afraid of now is the corrupt central government, who are worried about what will happen if the war breaks out. It led to the unification of the German region and the loss of its own power." Looking at the excited people, Hans fell into self-doubt. It seems like a war has broken out, but it's not that scary.

Although the French are strong, the German Federation + Austria are not weak either. No one knew the gap in the combat effectiveness of the army before the war.

But basically, Deo looks really good together. The population is twice that of France, the total economic volume is 2.7 times that of France, and the heavy industry is four times that of France...

In fact, the steel output of the North German Federation is the same as that of France, especially the steel output is still higher than that of France.

Putting aside other factors, simply looking at these data, we really can't find any reason to be afraid.

Even if the French army's combat power can explode, everyone can still pile up the numbers. The Prussian-Russian War has proved with facts that as long as the quantity is large enough, no matter how high the quality is, it will be buried.

From beginning to end, the opinions of Franz, the person involved, were represented by everyone, and there was a tacit understanding that he would fight for the unification of the German region.

...

Cutting off trade between the two countries is easier said than done, at least the students at the University of Berlin are not yet capable of doing it.

A vigorous mass movement began in Prussia and spread to the entire German region.

Once the number of participants increased, it became impossible to keep it a secret, and the student connection soon appeared on the desks of leaders of various states.

After receiving the news, William II, who was at the origin of the storm, was confused. Trouble was coming.

Multiple-choice questions are difficult to answer. Just because new students dare to gamble does not mean that rulers also dare to gamble with their entire worth.

Having personally experienced the failure of the Prussian-Russian War, William II did not have the arrogance of the original time and space, and the current Kingdom of Prussia was not the awesome Second Empire.

Being able to force the French to compromise without the outbreak of war is naturally the best choice.

But what if the situation gets out of control?

Once the war broke out, as a member of the German Confederation, the Kingdom of Prussia would not be able to survive alone.

If they lose the war, the already unstable Hohenzollern dynasty will be directly destroyed; even if they win the war, it will only be a wedding dress for others.

If it weren't for the fact that Austria was not ready for war, William II would have suspected that this was a Habsburg conspiracy.

Of course, William II had another option, which was to immediately stop the student gangs and avoid the outbreak of a nationwide anti-French movement.

It will only affect the prestige of the monarch, and may even be considered by nationalists as betrayal, weakening the basis of their own rule.

Also in a state of confusion was George I. As the central government of the German Confederation, they bore almost all the firepower.

Sometimes George I really wanted to be reckless and defeat the emperor of the empire and defeat the king of the country, so as to avoid suffering so much.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 859: Intrigue

As time went by, the rising anti-French movement in Germany gradually spread to Austria.

Although the voices calling for the interruption of Franco-Austrian trade are not loud, there are endless calls for people to boycott French goods.

Affected by this, the total import and export trade between France and Austria in the first quarter of 1889 dropped sharply by 36.8% compared with the same period last year, and there were almost no products with French labels on the market.

Not only was Austria affected, but driven by interests, the anti-French wave gradually spread to the entire European world.

Even Britain, which had just formed an alliance with France, also broke out a movement to boycott French goods. Capital only cares about interests and does not care about international relations.

Colleagues are enemies. If French products are boycotted, your own products will be able to sell more. Why pass up the opportunity to make money?

Seeing the European world using practical actions to support Belgium and Germany, the French government at the center of the storm was also panicked.

Isn't it just bullying the weak? This is what the great powers do, so why can't it work with them?

After receiving the news of being boycotted by the European world, Napoleon IV was completely confused. He had no idea why this happened.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec: "Your Majesty, there must be someone behind the sudden boycott of us in Europe.

It is definitely not Belgium and Germany. If they had the influence, they would have launched it long ago. There is no need to compromise with us.

Only Britain and Austria can influence the public opinion of all European countries to target us at the same time.

This is probably just the beginning. If we do not handle it well, the enemy will take more actions against us in the future." The truth. It doesn't matter anymore, this shit basin must be taken out anyway. Otherwise, the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs is incompetent and failed to take timely action to curb the spread of the anti-French movement.

Economy Minister Elsa: "No matter who the enemy is, the current situation cannot continue.

Every day of delay now is a huge harm to the domestic economy." France's withdrawal from the free trade system does not mean that it will No longer dependent on the international market. On the contrary, the French economy is still inseparable from the international market.

As long as France continues to import industrial raw materials, it must export industrial and commercial products in exchange for foreign exchange to achieve a balance in import and export trade.

After being boycotted by the European world, France's foreign exports dropped sharply, which has seriously affected the survival of domestic export companies.

Napoleon IV had a headache, and there were only two paths before them: either to resist and wait for the news to fade before dealing with it; or to give up the aggressive terms and calm the turmoil.

Of course, there is a third option, which is to fight directly regardless.

There is no doubt that the third option is impossible. If the European world had not responded in unison, Napoleon IV would have dared to take a risk, so forget it now!

Since the rise of nationalism, public opinion has become difficult to deal with. Choosing to go against the European people, who knows whether it will trigger a new round of anti-French war?

On this issue, the French people have set an example. During the Polish Revolution, volunteers were able to organize spontaneously. If the countries along the way did not use the road, they might have passed.

Saving others by oneself was a risk that Napoleon IV had to consider. The most critical thing is that the British allies are not helpful. At this time, instead of helping, they are making noises.

However, it seems that this is not the fault of the British. The relationship between Germany and Germany and Britain has always been good. They are one step closer to becoming allies. They can barely be regarded as quasi-little brothers.

Even if the British now need the support of France, they cannot easily abandon the chess pieces they have supported.

Not jumping out directly to confront the French government is already a sign of respect.

Prime Minister Terence Burgin advised: "Judging from all current signs, the Austrian government has definitely taken action, and the British are probably behind it. The London government has been opposed to our use of drastic measures against Germany and Germany from the very beginning. If the situation escalates, it will be difficult for us to gain support.

Since we have tested the bottom line of each country, let's stop now!

Let's deal with it coldly for a while, and then look for the right time to take action after the situation subsides." Are you scared?

the answer is negative!

The international situation seems to be a confrontation between the two major alliances, but in fact it is still some distance away from a real confrontation. Even Britain and Russia, which have the worst relationship, have not really started to fight.

This means that if France rashly takes action against Germany and Germany, it will lead to joint intervention by the three countries.

Even if the British could abide by the treaty and save the face of their allies, the French government would not have the strength to fight against the two empires in the face of possible joint intervention by Russia and Austria.

After hesitating for a moment, Napoleon IV nodded helplessly: "It's really time to slow down. Protest to the Austrian government and strongly condemn their shameless behavior of smearing France.

Aren't the British about to occupy Afghanistan? Let them continue their efforts. ; In addition, we sent people to secretly contact the Russians and tell them that we have no objection to their entry into the Indian Ocean now." Europe is simply too small to accommodate four big countries. There are many conflicts between Russia and Austria, not to mention between Britain and France.

If there is a chance to kill the other party, no one will be polite. The alliance is only temporary, but the conflict lasts for hundreds of years.

Austria wants to provoke a war in Central Asia to weaken Britain and Russia, so why not France?

Otherwise, how could Napoleon IV accept a blank check from the British?

As for the Sino-European issue, it can be dealt with after the war between Britain and Russia has passed. Without the two great powers Britain and Russia causing trouble, France would not be able to dominate Europe.

...

The Palace of Vienna received a letter of protest from the French government, and Franz silently took the blame.

Explain, that's impossible. Taking a scapegoat can earn the support of the people in the German region, and Franz really can't find a reason to refuse.

Although this incident was really not planned by him. Austria also does not have the ability to influence public opinion in so many countries at the same time in such a short period of time.

But the French insisted that it was Austria who did it, and Franz was willing to take the blame, so it was considered a stone hammer.

It is estimated that the European governments, which secretly allowed the development of the anti-French movement, are now grateful to Austria's fearless spirit for resisting all the hatred of the French.

As for whether someone will jump out to take the credit, that's completely unnecessary. This kind of thing that offends the French to death, except Austria who has interests to do it, who would dare to take the blame?

Do you really think France is a soft persimmon that you can pinch as much as you want? If it were a smaller country, the Paris government would not protest at all and take action directly.

Anyway, everything happened for a reason. As long as the French don't destroy the country and eat the land, they just beat you up and demand a war compensation, and it won't cause gang fights among European countries.

Putting down the documents in his hands, Franz said with a smile: "Since the French have come to our door, we can't live up to their good intentions. We should mobilize the media in the German region to publicize it and let everyone know that in order to safeguard Germany, we The efforts made for the interests of compatriots." ...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 860 Political Art

There are no surprises. After Austria took the blame, the relationship between France and Austria deteriorated sharply, and the foreign ministries of the two countries even bickered every day.

For a time, Europe was filled with doubts. Britain and Russia were facing each other over the Central Asian issue, and France and Austria were entangled again over Central Europe.

Rounding it off, it roughly equals: the Anglo-French Alliance and the Russian-Austrian Alliance faced off.

Dividing the world into two parts was clearly the prelude to the outbreak of the European War.

The most uneasy ones are Belgium and Germany. Because of the aggressive relationship between the French, they have already been sided with.

It seemed that Austria came to relieve them, but in fact it pushed them to the opposite side of France.

Originally, France, Belgium and Germany were expected to reach an agreement on the issue of coal exports to avoid escalation of conflicts. It's a pity that once Austria gets mixed up, there is no possibility of relaxation.

Because of their interests, French capitalists will not tolerate concessions from the government; countries such as Belgium and Germany, where nationalism has risen, are now also unable to make concessions.

The problem has fallen into an endless loop, and no matter how it is dealt with, it cannot satisfy all parties. Conflicts are temporarily suppressed, only gathering strength for an explosion.

...

In Afghanistan, the British army that swept all the way finally encountered trouble.

I don't know since when, guerrillas in Afghanistan have appeared and constantly attacked the British army's logistics.

Especially in the past month, not only the logistics transport team has been attacked, but even the main force has been attacked dozens of times.

The damage caused by a single attack was not large, but the number of attacks launched by the Afghans was overwhelming!

As a result, the British army now does not dare to act alone at all, but if the number is less than one company, they will be ambushed when they go out.

It's not that I don't know, it's just that I was shocked. Last month alone, 112 British soldiers were killed and 313 injured in attacks by Afghan guerrillas.

This is only for British soldiers. The losses of Indian soldiers have not been included.

If you add them all up, the British army lost a regiment in the last month alone.

This number of casualties is not inferior to the casualties in the decisive battle with the Afghan government forces. Calculating the number of daily losses, it is slightly more.

Looking at the growing number of casualties, Lieutenant General Patrick was about to collapse. He had no idea how to write a report to London.

In Kabul, a middle-aged officer with a bandaged arm at the British Army General Headquarters suggested angrily: "Your Excellency, Commander, the guerrillas are too rampant. We must take the initiative to attack." There is no doubt that this officer is guerrilla. The unlucky guy and lucky guy who was injured in the team attack.

Generally speaking, high-level officers like him are under layers of protection, and the guerrillas cannot get close to them.

Unfortunately, Makau had bad luck and was hit by an Afghan homemade cannon at the temporary headquarters, and a piece of shrapnel happened to hit his arm.

Compared to the many officers who died collectively on the scene, he was undoubtedly lucky as the only remaining seedling.

Lieutenant General Patrick nodded and said slowly: "Colonel Makau, calm down. Everyone knows the importance of destroying the guerrillas.

However, we have taken the initiative dozens of times, but we have not achieved the expected results.

The enemy They never fought a decisive battle with us. Every time the encirclement and suppression campaign just started, these guys would go into the mountains.

When we withdrew, these guys would stick to us again like psoriasis. As soon as we turned around, these guys ran away again.

If we don't find the weaknesses of the guerrillas, no matter how hard we attack, they will all come back in vain.

Judging from the news coming from Central Asia, our allies, the Three Central Asian Khanates, will probably be unable to hold on, at best. We will become neighbors with the Russians by the end of the year.

Before that, we must first get rid of these rats hiding in the ground, otherwise we will be in big trouble if we let them get together." In fact, Patrick's words did not say After all, the hidden danger in Afghanistan is not just the guerrillas.

The bigger problem is essentially religious fanatics. These talents are the main force of the attack, relying on local religion to exist, and they like to attack lone British soldiers.

The British, who had just arrived, had not yet understood the twists and turns, and most of the accounts were attributed to the guerrillas.

Of course, this is not wrong. They are all originally from the same family - the Afghan resistance organization.

The nominal leader of everyone is King Emile, although this unfortunate king is hiding in the mountains and forests and dare not come out.

Another officer suggested: "I think we should capture the King of Afghanistan first. Without the leader of the emir, these resistance organizations will be in disarray." Colonel Makau did not buy it and said: "Come on, Hedes. Afghans They hate us extremely, and we have no foundation in the local area.

Who knows where the mouse's hole is, Emir? You can't go over the mountains and fight in one place, right?

Moreover, the Afghan resistance organization is originally a piece of loose sand. Is there any Emir? The leader Mir has little influence.

This can be seen from their attacks on us. There are many attacks, but the number of people they send out each time is limited.

Since the defeat of the Afghan government forces, who has encountered the number of people? More than 3,000 resistance forces?

They are all a group of stragglers. They are vulnerable on the frontal battlefield and can only hide behind and shoot black guns." This is the crux of the problem. Although the resistance organization is a rabble, how slippery is this rabble!

Hedes sneered and said: "So what, these rats also need to eat. At worst, we can block them with a net and trap them in the mountains.

If we are desperate, we can also set fire to the mountains and burn them all the way.

It's really too much. No, we can impose heavy taxes on the local people so that they have no food to support the guerrillas.

We can also implement the law of continuous sitting, and if anyone colludes with the guerrillas, all residents within a five-mile radius will be executed.

I don't believe it, Afghanistan has been destroyed by us , and there are guerrillas that cannot be wiped out." It sounds good, but it is not that simple to implement it.

As soon as you hear the dragnet-style blockade, you will know that this requires a large investment of troops.

Afghanistan is not small in area and is densely covered with mountains and forests. It is simply not something that these infantry divisions can blockade.

Setting fire to a mountain seems very simple, but in fact not all mountains can be set on fire at once, and a large amount of fuel needs to be put in to start the fire.

Not to mention heavy taxes, which must first establish a local government and rely on British soldiers to collect taxes. It is estimated that the local people will have to defect to the guerrillas.

The real deterrent is probably the Lian Si method, but it is not simple to operate, and it might even attract more people to join the guerrillas.

Seeing that no one objected, after weighing the pros and cons, Lieutenant General Patrick slowly said: "If you don't have a better way, then let's give it a try!

I will seek reinforcements from the country, but this requires everyone to have a unified voice. Just It's just the Afghan guerrillas, but they can't attract the attention of the bosses in London." Shifting responsibility is a traditional skill that bureaucrats have learned without any teachers. If the Afghan guerrillas are not strong enough, they will have to turn to the Russians.

After some artistic processing, the result of the Afghan guerrillas' attack on the British army fell on the Russian army.

...

I don't know how the Russians feel about the scapegoat falling from the sky. Anyway, the London government is furious.

It would be fine if the Russians were doing things secretly, but attacking the British army openly would violate the rules of the game.

After receiving the news, Prime Minister Gladstone immediately roared: "The Russians are provoking Britain, and we must retaliate." There was no doubt about the authenticity of the frontline battle reports. Is Prime Minister Gladstone a fool?

the answer is negative!

Pretending to be confused while pretending to understand is a basic skill of politicians. Even though he knew that it was impossible for the Russians to fly to Afghanistan, Prime Minister Gladstone could only hold his nose and admit it.

Otherwise, there would be no way to explain the losses of the British troops on the front line to the country. Although the main responsibility lies with the military, as the cabinet they cannot escape.

The proud British people can tolerate the loss of hundreds of thousands when war breaks out with foreign powers, but they cannot tolerate the killing of thousands of people by indigenous guerrillas.

Only by letting the Russians take the blame can the political impact be minimized. At the same time, Congress can readily allocate funds to send reinforcements to Afghanistan.

As for wronging the Russians, that is not a problem at all. Anyway, Britain and Russia are destined to be enemies in Central Asia. If the relationship worsens, how bad can it get?

...

(End of chapter)

Chapter 861: Cheating teammates come onlineCheating Teammates Online-69 Book Bar and become scapegoats at the same time. The Russian-Austrian alliance can also be called the scapegoat alliance. However, there is a difference between a scapegoat and a scapegoat.

Austria is willing to take the blame.

French Ministry of Foreign Affairs: Austria spreads rumors, smeares France's national image, and claims economic losses.

Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs: No, we just stated the facts to let the European people know the truth.

...

The tsarist government was different. It was all about people sitting at home and the pot coming from the sky.

The Vienna government takes the blame, because you and I want each other to do what they want. The quarrel between France and Austria is more like a political game.

The pot thrown by the British is different. Sending troops to attack the British troops in Afghanistan is no different from declaring war.

Although they are not afraid of going to war with the British, the Russians are naturally unwilling to take the blame for their enemies without any gains.

St. Petersburg Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez: "Your Majesty, the matter has been clarified. After the British army occupied Afghanistan, it encountered fierce resistance from the local people and the troops suffered heavy losses. The British government slandered us for sending troops to attack the British army in Afghanistan. That is In order not to bear the responsibility for the heavy losses on the front line, we must give an explanation to the people at home." What does it mean for Britain and Russia to go to war?

If you open the map, you will know that in fact this is not a big deal at all. Except for the possible outbreak of war in Central Asia, other areas are out of reach of both sides.

In theory, the Royal Navy can indeed blockade the coastline of the Russian Empire, but in practice it simply cannot be done.

The Russian shipbuilding industry is underdeveloped, and there are very few domestic ocean shipping companies. Most of the shipping business for overseas trade is undertaken by international shipping companies.

Including the British shipping companies, everyone took a big piece of the cake. If the Royal Navy imposes an embargo, it can't even detain its own ships, right?

To put it bluntly, the Russians' main sea outlets are concentrated in the Baltic Sea and the Black Sea. Even if the Royal Navy blocks the door, can still pretend to be doing trade with the Nordic Federation and Austria.

There is no satellite monitoring these days, so who knows the true starting point and destination of these ships. Arbitrarily detaining ships will cause international disputes.

Hearing this answer, Army Minister Ivanov said angrily: "Your Majesty, the British continue to challenge the bottom line of the empire, and now we can no longer tolerate it.

We must use the toughest means to give them a strong counterattack. Let the whole country The world knows that the great Russian Empire is not easy to mess with!" "Toughness" is not without reason. In fact, after Marshal Ivanov became Minister of War, the Russian military became relatively conservative.

If it hadn't been for the British government's blame-shifting behavior, which exposed the weakness of the British army's low combat effectiveness, Marshal Ivanov would never have jumped out to take the lead now.

Alexander III hesitated. A tsar who dared not fight was not a qualified tsar.

Being peace-loving is just a matter of interest. Now that the British have exposed their weaknesses, it would be completely unreasonable not to take the opportunity to add insult to injury!

But are the British really that weak?

Alexander III was deeply skeptical. He knew very well that the Indian colonial army did not represent the real combat effectiveness of the British army.

Most of the troops attacking Afghanistan this time were Indian colonial troops, and the main troops transferred from the mainland accounted for less than one-fifth of the total number.

Seeing Alexander III wavering, Ivanov continued: "Your Majesty, the British have long been a foreign power.

There has been no progress at all over the years. The British army's combat effectiveness is probably not as good as during the First Near East War.

The war in Afghanistan is a proof, and the earlier South African war is also a proof.

At that time, the British were the main force, but in the end, even a group of temporarily assembled militiamen in Austria were not defeated. The combat effectiveness of the British army can be imagined.

Now is the best opportunity. The three khanates in Central Asia have been crippled. It won't be long before we reach Afghanistan.

Although the British occupied Afghanistan first, their foundation there is unstable and there are still guerrillas.

We can definitely take advantage of the opportunity to seize Afghanistan and lay the foundation for moving south to India." The law of the jungle is the essence of this era. The original goal of the Tsarist government was to seize Central Asia.

As for Afghanistan, since it fell into the hands of the British, the military no longer has expectations and is ready to wait for the next opportunity.

However, the plan did not change quickly. After discovering that the British troops occupying Afghanistan were weak and could not even defeat the Afghan guerrillas, Marshal Ivanov immediately changed his mind.

"If God doesn't take what he wants, he will suffer the consequences." Missing such an opportunity is simply a crime. As the leader of the military, he rejects all the soft persimmons that come to his door. Are he going to find hard bones to gnaw on?

Foreign Minister Oscar Jimenez added: "We had secret contacts with the French not long ago, and the Paris government does not object to our entry into the Indian Ocean.

If we fall out with the British at this time, the French will not send troops to intervene, and Austria will also Support us.

All diplomatic obstacles have been cleared. The remaining problems are military. As long as the military is sure of victory, the southward strategy can be implemented." After hearing the news, Alexander III was shocked: "France You betray your teammates so quickly?" Then he realized that it seemed that the French government didn't want to sell out its teammates, and it couldn't help the British now.

France and Austria are quarreling over the issues between China and Europe. At this time, wouldn't sending troops to help the British fight provide Austria with an opportunity?

"Are there any financial problems?" According to convention, before almost every war breaks out, the Ministry of Finance will routinely object.

This is not because the finance minister does not have an overall view. The main reason is that the tsarist government is poor and does not take preventive measures in advance. What if there is no money in the middle of the war?

No one wants to take the blame, so the Russian Finance Minister has always been the leader of the anti-war faction. As long as the financial difficulties are mentioned in advance and there is no money in the middle of the war, it will not be the problem of the Ministry of Finance.

The Ministry of Finance objected every time, but it was not easy to encounter someone who did not object. No wonder Alexander III was surprised.

Finance Minister Alisher Gurov replied with a smile: "There are indeed some financial difficulties, but with the efforts of all colleagues, we have raised a war fund.

Just a month ago, we and the Austrian National Bank We signed a loan contract of 50 million Aegis; in addition, we also reached an agreement with a French consortium to use industrial raw materials as guarantee and issue bonds of 270 million francs.

As long as the total number of troops we invest is within 500,000, the war will continue It will take no more than a year and the finances will be able to support it." (1 pound = 2 shields = 25 francs)

In fact, it is not only the military that wants to go south to capture India, the Ministry of Finance has no desire for India at all. inferior.

Because of the sale of the spoils of war after the Third Near East War and the large amount of funds obtained for resettling immigrants in Austria, the tsarist government offset nearly 30% of its debt.

Together with the debts that have been paid off in recent years, the total debt of the tsarist government has dropped by nearly 40%.

In addition to the reduction in debt pressure, Russia's economy has also achieved certain development in recent years. Although it is still at a snail's pace, we are still moving forward.

With self-financing and external borrowing, a year's worth of war funds for hundreds of thousands of troops were provided.

Alexander III was surprised and asked: "The French are willing to issue bonds for us?" No wonder he was not surprised. Because of credibility, the treasury bonds issued by the Russian government can only be sold locally, even to its ally Austria.

No matter how good the relationship is, no matter how high the interest rate is, financial institutions that have suffered losses are not willing to come back a second time.

In contrast, France's financial controls are much looser. Bonds are risky investments. In the event of default, the purchaser is responsible for it, and the issuing institution does not need to be jointly and severally liable.

As for capitalists, as long as the benefits are high enough, someone will naturally do it. To Alexander III's surprise, the French government did not intervene.

You must know that Britain and France are allies. The French are issuing bonds for the Russians at this time, which is just to stab their allies again.

Finance Minister Alisher Gulov nodded: "Yes, the French government did not intervene!

However, the interest and handling fees are very high, and the amount of the bond cannot be too large, and it can only be raised through private enterprises. Carry on." For the tsarist government, the process was not important, the most important thing was the result. As long as you can get the money, there is no real difference between corporate bonds and government bonds.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 862: Breaking

the pot France and Russia have secretly contacted each other, and Britain and Austria have also not broken off contact. It's just that everyone tacitly understood it and pretended not to see it.

If you are too serious, you will have no friends.

International relations in the late 19th century have become a mess. France and Austria are opposed to each other on the China-Europe issue, but they are unanimous on the Central Asia issue.

Although their motivations are different, both companies' goals are to provoke a war between Britain and Russia and weaken their competitors.

On the other hand, Britain and Russia are similar. Central Asia is about to start a war. The positions of both sides on the China-Europe issue are also almost the same: let France and Austria fight each other, and there cannot be a situation where one country is dominant.

...Although London Knowing that France and Russia had been secretly estranged for a long time, the news that the French were issuing bonds for the Russians still aroused strong dissatisfaction from the British government.

Prime Minister Gladstone frowned and asked: "What do the French want to do by issuing bonds for the Russians at this time?" The timing was too sensitive, and there was no need to issue bonds for the Russians earlier or later. The problem is that it happened at a time when Britain and Russia were falling out, and the targeting was too obvious.

Foreign Secretary George explained: "The French are retaliating. We promised to support them in expanding their sphere of influence to Central Europe, but when the French were seeking coal interests in Belgium and Germany, the government chose neutrality." It's really just that . "Neutral"?

the answer is negative!

If the British government had not fueled the situation and secretly held back the French, the anti-French wave in Europe would not have been so easy to break out.

Perhaps in the eyes of the British government, it is the greatest support for France if it does not directly oppose it.

Secretly cheering for the two countries, and sending vague warnings to the French government. These obstructive behaviors are all professional habits and nothing at all.

Faced with such an ally, the French government does not react violently, which is a problem.

They were just using each other, and no one really regarded the other as an ally, so it was not surprising that they were cheating each other secretly.

In fact, the British dug the hole from the beginning. Supporting the French to "expand their sphere of influence" does not mean supporting the French to expand their territory. These are two completely different concepts.

Perhaps during negotiations, in order to deceive others, diplomats will be vague or make verbal promises. But what fell on paper was absolutely no support for the French territorial expansion into Central Europe.

The French Empire is already very powerful now. If they continue to expand and make up for their final shortcomings, there will be a new round of surge in strength.

There is only a strait separating Britain and France. If France continues to grow, Britain will really not be able to sleep.

Prime Minister Gladstone rubbed his forehead. This explanation left him speechless. From Britain's standpoint, there was no problem in holding back the French.

The centuries-old feud between Britain and France cannot be resolved by a mere treaty. Containing the growth of France has always been the British government's top priority.

Although Russia and Austria are also enemies, due to the distance, the British government does not have a deep personal experience.

If the Tsarist government had not targeted Central Asia and threatened India's security, the two countries would not have faced each other directly.

After hesitating for a while, Prime Minister Gladstone made a request: "Find a way to find something for the French to do. We can't let them idle, so as not to hinder us, and at the same time, we need them to contain Austria." To meet these two requirements, France and Austria can only fight each other. Sowing discord has always been a British specialty.

With the current relationship between France and Austria, it seems that there is no need to continue to stir up trouble, just intensifying the conflicts is enough.

After calculating it, Foreign Minister George nodded: "No problem, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will find something for them to do as soon as possible." But in this way, it will completely push Belgium and Germany to the side of Austria. With Habsburg The French may suffer from the dynasty's ability to win allies." France and Austria are fighting for the sake of Belgium and Germany. Once the conflict escalates, Belgium and Germany, which are at the center of the storm, will not be able to escape.

Even because the French government did not pay attention to their eating habits, their international reputation fell again. As their neighbors, it is impossible not to worry.

In this context, once the situation in Europe becomes tense, even if Austria does not move, European countries will push Austria to check and balance the French.

In the absence of a war, if France and Austria start to fight, the weak French government will definitely suffer.

As for the real fight, George couldn't judge the outcome. After all, the French have a great reputation, and Austria has strong strength and many potential allies.

Prime Minister Gladstone sneered: "How can we know our importance if we don't let them suffer a little.

Just after signing the alliance, we hurriedly extended our hands to Central Europe without even knowing a good time.

The French have spent these years. It was so smooth that it made them forgetful and arrogant." ...

Compared to the British government, Franz was actually more nervous about France and Russia getting closer.

This is determined by its geographical location. Austria is sandwiched between France and Russia. Once France and Russia get closer, Austria will face too great strategic danger.

But with some more lessons from history, Franz chose to remain silent for the time being and pretended not to know anything.

Not only did it not interrupt loans to Russia and retaliate against the czarist government, it also suppressed anti-Russian voices in the government.

"The Russian affairs are at an end for the time being. No matter what the tsarist government has done, we will pretend that nothing happened now.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs can express dissatisfaction appropriately, and all other issues will be discussed after the Anglo-Russian war breaks out." There is definitely a way to settle accounts after the fall, but the prerequisite must be the queen.

If Austria breaks out now and causes trouble for the Russians, how can the Tsarist government have the confidence to compete with the British for Afghanistan?

If the Russians lose the war, they will definitely suffer heavy losses, and may even destroy the national destiny that they have gathered in recent years.

Although the current Russian Empire seems very powerful, don't forget the previous wars. This old empire has been severely damaged.

The loss of millions of young people cannot be made up for in a day or two.

Compare this with the population growth rate of the Russian Empire in the past thirty years, and you will know how much damage the war has caused.

Especially after the Second Russo-Prussian War, the Russian Empire has experienced negative population growth for many years, and now it can only keep the population from declining.

In this context, if another 1.8 million were added to Central Asia and the war happened to be lost, the foundation of the Tsarist government's rule would be shaken.

Of course, winning the war is a minor issue worth mentioning. Victory can suppress all dissatisfaction, win the Afghan region, and the entire tsarist government will work together to fight for India.

The problem is that it is easy to capture Afghanistan, but it is not that simple to digest the Afghan region.

Unless we follow Austria's indigenous relocation policy and relocate all the local people away.

Otherwise, if there are guerrillas inside and the British are watching, the Russians will never have peace.

It is enough for Austria to push forward at the right time. Although it's a bit despicable to cheat their allies like this, it was also the Russians who hooked up with the French first.

...

Agriculture Minister Halls reminded: "Your Majesty, judging from the information collected by the Ministry of Agriculture, the food self-sufficiency plans of Britain and France have achieved phased results.

Especially the French large farm plan, since the French After the government replaced a group of colonial officials, agriculture in French Africa began to develop rapidly.

If nothing unexpected happens, France's staple food gap this year will be reduced to less than 1.8 million tons, and it won't be long before they can achieve food self-sufficiency.

However, it is said that the operating costs of the farms developed by the French in Africa are relatively high. Only a small number of farms can break even, and most farms rely on financial allocations." This result did not surprise Franz.

France's food shortage is mainly due to the fact that the Italian region actually has enough food to eat.

In order to reduce foreign exchange expenditures, in recent years, farms have been established in Egypt, Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia and other regions. It is only a matter of time before the food gap is filled.

As for the high running costs of the farm, that is a destined result. There are originally few areas in French Africa suitable for the development of agriculture.

Many places have owners, so we can't just drive them away, right? You must know that the owners of many local lands have long since become French colonists.

In addition to snatching some of the indigenous land, most of the farms were opened up by the French government themselves. The natural conditions of many farms are not the best and can only be said to be barely passable.

If the water conservancy facilities are complete, the subsequent problems should not be big. However, this all takes time and cannot be accomplished in a short time.

In the short term, these farms have to rely on the weather, and naturally their food output will not be much higher. Coupled with the management of bureaucrats, a lot of additional costs have been added, and it is normal operation to lose money.

Franz nodded: "The time is almost here. It will take time to promote potassium fertilizers. There is no need to continue to hide it." Austria will definitely not suffer the most from the promotion of chemical fertilizers at this time.

Affected by the decline in international grain prices, Austria has been reducing the area planted with staple grains in recent years.

In addition to satisfying domestic consumption, it is rarely exported to the outside world. Domestic grain processing companies have also begun to vigorously import Russian grain.

In a sense, the Russian economy's ability to recover against the backdrop of falling international grain prices is also due to Austria's grain production reduction policy.

But these good days will soon be gone forever. No matter how much production capacity is reduced, Austria's agricultural volume will remain here.

Even today's potassium fertilizers are not as effective as those of later generations. Grain production increased by only five percentage points, which was enough food for six to seven million people.

The increased output will definitely need to be digested by the market.

In the context of Britain and France playing self-sufficient, the international grain market not only did not grow, but was gradually shrinking.

To increase domestic grain production, Austria must take care of itself first. It will be difficult to find buyers for Russian grain.

The actual situation should be even worse. Potash fertilizers cannot be kept secret, and European countries will follow suit.

As the grain production capacity of various countries increases, the international grain market will shrink sharply and prices will continue to fall.

In a sense, this is used to break the pot. Austria can find ways to increase food consumption and survive the agricultural crisis, but the Russians are out of luck.

Just after the Anglo-Russian war, an agricultural crisis broke out, which destined the tsarist government to tighten its belt for many years to come.

Franz could swear to God that this tactic of killing one thousand enemies and damaging one hundred was definitely not for allies in the first place.

It was originally planned that when the British and French food self-sufficiency plans were completed, they would start smashing the pot and dragging everyone into the era of food cost-saving.

Unexpectedly, the plan did not change quickly. When it was implemented, it was suddenly discovered that the Russian Empire seemed to be the biggest victim.

There is no other reason. Britain, France and Austria are all industrial countries with domestic industrial chains supporting them. Only the Russians rely heavily on agriculture.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 863: The Minister's Case broke out

. The atmosphere in the Prime Minister's Office in Downing Street seemed particularly strange at this time.

Prime Minister Gladstone roared: "What does the Police Department do? Why did this happen?" There was no way. Just a few hours ago, the Russian Minister in London, White-Nicholas, was encountered on the way to the British Foreign Office. Attack, now has seen God.

Not to mention that Britain and Russia have not officially started a war, even if they have already started, the British government can only expel the Russian minister, and must also ensure their personal safety before leaving.

According to the rules of the game, governments of all countries are obliged to ensure the personal safety of foreign ministers. Now that the Russian minister has an accident, the British government cannot escape the blame.

Police Minister Rogers replied bitterly: "This was a complete accident. Minister White encountered people demonstrating on the way to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

Reporters following the crowd came forward to interview, and Minister White's answer was a bit excessive, which triggered In order to arouse the dissatisfaction of the people, the two sides clashed.

Although the accompanying police officers blocked the crowd, they did not know who took the lead in throwing debris at Minister White. A stone happened to hit Minister White's head, and he died on the spot after rescue efforts failed." The explanation is. Cover it up, things have already happened. It is a fact that the police did not do a good job in security. No matter how you explain it, you can't clean it up.

It seems to be an accidental conflict. Is it really such a coincidence?

Prime Minister Gladstone was deeply suspicious and sarcastically said: "It was all an accident and coincidence. The police department has no responsibility at all.

So tell me, the accident happened on the busiest street in London. How did the flying stones come from?" " Unexpected encounters and verbal conflicts are understandable. After all, the two sides stand on different sides.

But the flying stones are very problematic. On the busiest street in London, if there were stones on the ground, sanitation workers would have cleaned them up long ago.

It's understandable if you bring something like bread with you to a demonstration, but who can bear to bring a stone when they're full?

Even if an individual person has a quirk, it is impossible for a group of people to have a quirk. There is only one stone that can hit the vital point, but there are many stones that can attack Minister White.

Police Minister Rogers explained: "According to the suspects arrested by the police, these stones were prepared to break glass.

We have confirmed that the demonstration team was directed at the Russian Embassy. In recent times, the people have been the third The glass of the Russian Embassy was smashed for the first time.

Based on various information, we determined that this was an accident, mainly due to the Russians' excessive bullying.

According to the account of the people on the scene, when the reporter asked about the Russian army's sneak attack on our Afghan garrison, Minister White once said Publicly shouting: Even if we did it, so what?

This sentence aroused the anger of the people, and what happened next happened.

It happened so suddenly that the police responsible for Minister White's safety protecting had no time to disperse the crowd." Avoiding the important and choosing the light, artistic processing is the final answer.

It's not that Rogers is irresponsible, the main thing is that there is no way to get into this kind of thing. The best way is to close the case as soon as possible.

The longer things drag on, the bigger the trouble will be later. No matter what the government thinks, in the hearts of many people, the person who killed Minister White is a hero of Britain.

Prime Minister Gladstone hesitated to speak. The people didn't know what was going on. How could they, the planners, not be clear about it.

The Russian army's sneak attack on the British garrison in Afghanistan was originally a fake. The Russians, who had taken the blame, would naturally not admit it.

White, the Russian minister in London, was originally a straight man. It is normal to be provoked by reporters and say some extreme words.

Seeing that the atmosphere was not right, Foreign Secretary George said: "The matter has reached this stage, and it is no longer important how Minister White died.

No matter what answer is given, the Russians will not accept it. We must do the best we can." Bad intentions." After the death of a minister, no country will accept such a confusing explanation without receiving compensation.

There is no doubt that the relationship between Britain and Russia has broken down, and it is impossible for the British government to compensate the enemy with benefits now.

"Alas!" Prime Minister Gladstone sighed.

At first, the blame was shifted to the Russians just to calm the negative impact of the defeat on the front line and avoid the outbreak of a political crisis.

Because of its geographical location, it was impossible for Britain to attack the Russians, no matter how violent the people were.

Although the gentlemen in Congress often have headaches, one thing they are very clear about is that they have no confidence in the British Army.

They did not take the initiative to provoke a war, and the tsarist government was not prepared for a long-term war. For the sake of verbal conflicts, the possibility of a war breaking out was almost zero, and there was no need to worry about the situation getting out of control.

According to the original plan, it was nothing more than the continued deterioration of British-Russian relations and the gradual wrangling of diplomacy.

Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly. The Russian minister was beaten to death in public, and both the British and Russian governments were forced into a corner.

The British government could not give a satisfactory answer to the Russians. Due to political factors, it could not even hand over the murderer.

From the fact that the London police defined the incident as an accident, it can be seen that those guys were influenced by public opinion and did not work hard.

The British government has its own difficulties, so why not the Russian government?

Originally, with the defeat of the British army in Afghanistan, the power of the militant faction in the tsarist government expanded rapidly.

Now that something like this has happened again, if we can't get a satisfactory answer, no one can prevent the outbreak of war except God.

After hesitating for a moment, Prime Minister Gladstone said slowly: "Order the Governor-General of India to prepare for war with all his strength, and the country must also prepare. The Indian colonies alone are not the opponent of the Russians. Once the war breaks out, we must send troops as soon as possible. Reinforce the Afghan region.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs continues to carry out diplomatic efforts. If possible, this war can be avoided without fighting." Afghanistan has already been taken. For the British government, the most important thing now is to clear the place as soon as possible and re-establish the social order. Going to war with the Russians at this time is a completely loss-making business.

Even if they win the war, they will not be able to enter Central Asia; if they lose the war, not only will the newly acquired Afghanistan be thrown away, but even the Indian colonies will always be threatened by the Russians.

...

Despite the British government's efforts to block the news, the murder of the Russian minister was spread as if it had wings.

When the news reached the Vienna Palace, it was already the afternoon of the next day. Franz's first reaction when he received the news was - impossible.

"The minister of a country was beaten to death in public." Isn't this an international joke?

The British define it as an "accident", and some people have to believe it.

Whether it was accidental injury from flying rocks or other reasons. In short, the "Minister Case" has been related to conspiracy from the beginning.

As for who is behind the scenes, this question is difficult to answer. It's not that it's hard to guess, it's mainly that there are too many suspects.

The man behind the scenes could be an enemy of the British, or an enemy of the Russians, or even the main war factions of Britain and Russia.

If you want to dig deeper, you will find that Britain and Russia are the kings of hatred. Their enemies combined are equal to the world.

The more black hands, the better. For Franz, he must also be more vigilant about his colleagues hiding behind the scenes.

"Based on the current international situation analysis, who do you think is most likely to have done it?" As soon as he finished speaking, Franz felt that he had asked a stupid question. When it comes to suspicion, Austria is definitely one of the best.

In order to provoke the Anglo-Russian war, the Vienna government did a lot. Some of these things cannot even be kept secret.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg replied: "In terms of suspicion, we and the French are the most suspect. After excluding us, the most likely suspect is the French.

However, this inference is not very reasonable. Provoking Britain and Russia There are many ways to fight a war, and under normal circumstances, the French government would not attack a country's minister." Deep down, Franz was still a little embarrassed. Thinking back to those days..., forget it, let's not think about it, let the dark history disappear in the long river of history.

However, Weisenberg's inference is still correct. Under normal circumstances, politicians will not choose extreme measures.

After all, this is a high-risk job. If the news is exposed, big trouble will happen. If you offend Britain and Russia at the same time, it will be the end of the world.

Even if they have to take action, everyone will choose to kill someone with a borrowed knife, and if they want to investigate, they can only find the person who takes the blame.

Franz shook his head: "Forget it, let's leave this problem to the British and Russian governments!

No matter who is behind the scenes, it will still be beneficial to us in the short term.

At this juncture, what happened If this kind of thing happens, the Anglo-Russian war is almost inevitable.

Then we don't need to get involved. Let the stage be left to Britain and Russia. We can just watch their performances." The more critical the moment, the less likely it is to take the lead. . If Britain and Russia were regarded as the mastermind behind this, wouldn't it be an injustice?

This kind of thing can only become darker and darker, but there is no way to prove one's innocence. As long as you are involved in it, don't think about washing it out.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 864 Countdown to War

In St. Petersburg, Alexander III was furious when he received the news that Minister White had been killed in London.

If the last shred of sanity had not survived and restrained the idea of ​​killing the British minister as revenge, the biggest political scandal of this century would have occurred.

"This is the British explanation. They clearly treat us as fools!" After speaking, Alexander III directly tore up the document and proved with practical actions that he was really angry.

There was no way not to be angry. According to the British, the main responsibility was Minister White's unconscionable speech and angered the British people, which led to the accident.

The dead cannot speak, all parties involved are controlled by the British, and it is impossible to distinguish the truth from the false.

Regardless of whether others believe it or not, Alexander III would not believe it anyway. Minister White was appointed by him personally. He may have many faults, but he is definitely not a fool.

If sent to some small countries, it might really be possible to become arrogant. But he was serving as the minister to the UK, so where did White get the confidence to be so arrogant?

In particular, it is nonsense to admit that the Russian army carried out a sneak attack on the British troops in Afghanistan.

Not to mention that this was a myth in the first place. Even if it really happened, it would be impossible for the minister abroad to admit it when the tsarist government firmly denied it.

Marshal Ivanov, the Minister of War, persuaded: "Your Majesty, calm down. There is no need to get angry because of the damn British.

When the Central Asian War is over, we will slowly settle accounts with them." Becoming the boss of the main war faction, Yi Marshal Vanov still did not change his usual steady style.

Revenge against the British is necessary, but we must wait until the fight is over.

Falling out with the British in advance will not actually have any effect except shouting a few times, and may even increase the difficulty of the war.

The systems of Britain and Russia are different. The tsarist government controls all national rights and can prepare for national war at any time; however, the British government must be controlled by Parliament.

Before the war began, the government could not directly order national mobilization beyond parliament. Even if preparations are made, they can only be done on a small scale.

It would be a fool not to take advantage of the advantage before you.

After pausing for a while, Alexander III nodded: "Since the British want to fight, then let them do it.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will do a good job in the work of France and Austria, and cooperate with the Ministry of Finance to raise as much funds as possible. This war, It won't be over in a short time." After making the decision, Alexander III still felt unsure. Following the lessons of the Prussian-Russian War, Alexander III was unwilling to go to war with any major power.

However, the general trend cannot be controlled by individual will. The British's repeated provocations have touched the bottom line of the Russian Empire.

...

On the Afghan battlefield, the external disturbances had not yet arrived, and Lieutenant General Patrick did not know that his telegram to shirk responsibility could become another turning point in British-Russian relations.

At this moment, Lieutenant General Patrick was still worried about the increasing number of casualties.

Especially two nights ago, there was a camp roar after the headquarters of the 7th Indian Colonial Division was attacked by guerrillas.

"Hester, where's that idiot? Why didn't you come to the meeting?" This meeting was originally meant to be held accountable, but the person involved didn't come. It's understandable that Lieutenant General Patrick would get angry.

A young officer in front of him replied: "Your Excellency, Commander, Major General Hurst was attacked by a bomb on the way to the headquarters and is currently being rescued." This answer made Patrick's heart freeze.

During the mutiny two days ago, many senior officers of the 7th Colonial Division went to see God. If the division commander, Major General Hester, also saw God, things would be terrible.

Generally speaking, dead people are not responsible. He met God when he was attacked during a meeting. This was also a death in the line of duty.

The officers who could take responsibility were all dead, and the officers below were not qualified to take responsibility. The blame could only be shouldered by Commander-in-Chief Patrick.

You must know that in Britain's foreign wars, no officers of the major general level have been killed in battle for many years.

Even though the officers of the Indian Colonial Division were one rank lower than those of the regular army, a Major General was still a Major General.

The life or death of the person involved was unknown, and Lieutenant General Patrick had no intention of continuing to hold him accountable.

"Got it, read the casualty report of the 7th Division." The young officer holding the document behind him immediately replied: "Yes!" " After the camp roar, 786 people of the 7th Division died on the spot, 565 were injured, and 1,218 were missing. , among which 76 officers were killed and 94 injured.

Seven other material warehouses were burned by fire, and an ammunition warehouse exploded..." Listening to the casualty report, Lieutenant General Patrick's heart felt like it was bleeding. The enemy The shadow of the enemy was not even touched, and the strength of a regiment was just lost.

Forget the losses due to failure, this is a colonial division anyway, and soldiers can be recruited again after they die. The most important thing India lacks is people.

The loss of officers was different. The top management of the 7th Colonial Division was almost wiped out. You must know that the middle and senior officers of the colonial division are also British. If they are lost on the battlefield, there is no way to replace them immediately.

Once reported to the country, it will be another fatal stain on Lieutenant General Patrick's military career.

As for the missing soldiers, because there were so many in the Indian colonies, this kind of cannon fodder was worthless, so they were ignored by Lieutenant General Patrick.

"I've all heard it. What happened in the 7th Division has sounded the alarm for all of us.

No one knows better than you what kind of soldiers you are leading. Keep an eye on the troops. I don't want something like this to happen again. Happened.

Now the 7th Division has suffered heavy losses and must be withdrawn to rest and recuperate. In the subsequent encirclement and suppression battle, it will be up to you to mobilize troops to fill this gap." When they heard that the troops were to be divided, everyone's expressions suddenly became tense.

Afghanistan is not a small area. In this encirclement and suppression plan, the defense area of ​​each unit is very large, and the strength of the troops is inevitably insufficient. The pressure on everyone will be even greater if the troops are divided again.

A slightly older officer persuaded: "Your Excellency, Commander, the area of ​​our 11th Division's defense area exceeds one hundred Londons. If we divide the troops further, it may be difficult to complete the task of containing the guerrillas.

It is said that, as far as we know, Not only is the 11th Division's defense area large, but all units are facing similar situations.

The war has been out for so long, and no one has had any rest. The morale of the troops has dropped to the lowest point since the war began. It is no longer suitable to continue to enter the mountains for encirclement and suppression. We are guerrillas. It is better to withdraw the troops and rest for a period of time, and then carry out encirclement and suppression after reinforcements arrive." The fact is before our eyes, these troops have not had a good rest since the outbreak of the war.

The occurrence of the camp roar in the 7th Colonial Division is not unrelated to the decline in morale and morale of the soldiers in the past few days of fighting, and the high nervousness of the soldiers.

"Your Excellency, Commander, what Major General Winston said is right, the troops really need to rest and recuperate. If we continue to fight like this, the troops will mutiny." "Your Excellency,

Commander, the troops really need to rest and recuperate..." ...

just as Lieutenant General Patrick As I said, only you know best what kind of soldiers you lead. It is precisely because you know so well that no one has the confidence to divide the troops.

The voices of persuasion sounded in twos and threes, which made Lieutenant General Patrick wake up. The troops were indeed tired now.

You must know that these troops are not elite divisions. Being able to fight for several months is already an extraordinary level of performance.

No, using "continuous combat" seems to be a bit exaggerated. However, on average, there are still combat missions once every ten days and half a month, most of which are to encircle and suppress guerrillas.

For elite troops, this may not be much different than an outing. But for the Indian colonial division, this was approaching the limit.

But Lieutenant General Patrick was a little unwilling to just give up. It took a lot of effort to surround the main force of the guerrillas. If we stop at this time, all the previous efforts will be in vain.

The next chance. Now that we have withdrawn our troops, I am afraid there will be no next chance.

The London government is already very dissatisfied with the poor performance of the British army on the battlefield. If results can no longer be achieved, it will be a matter of time before the commander-in-chief is changed.

Lieutenant General Patrick did not want to go back in despair. He must hand in a passing answer now to let the country recognize his ability.

"Reinforcements will arrive next week. After working hard for so long, I believe you don't want to go without success!

If you persist for another week, someone will come to replace you. If you work hard, I believe you can overcome the difficulties... " After receiving the good news of the arrival of reinforcements, everyone reluctantly accepted the result. After all, your arms can't hold your thighs, so you can't disobey orders on the battlefield!

(End of chapter)

神圣罗马帝国-882.第865章 造势-69书吧 第865章 造势 阿富汗战场英军还在努力奋斗，中亚战场已经分出了胜负，俄国人用实力证明了他们还是那个牛逼哄哄的欧洲压路机。 当然，这个胜利是沙皇政府宣扬的，具体情况怎么样，外界还是一无所知。 唯一可以肯定的是俄军确实击败了中亚三国的主力，掌握了战场上的主动权，至于会不会陷入人民战争的汪洋大海中，这就只有俄国人自己清楚了。 弗朗茨虽然关注中亚战局，却没有派人实地搜集情报，维也纳政府手中的大部分资料都是英俄两国自己放出来的。 这个时间点太敏感了，奥地利要是掺合得多了，很容易被英俄两国误认为对中亚有野心。 “俄国人的备战工作，做到了哪一步，什么时候可以向阿富汗地区发起进攻？” 事实上，早在一年前沙皇政府就开始备战了。只不过当时的作战目标，只是夺取中亚部分地区。 阿富汗根本就不在沙皇政府的计划范围之内，最高目标也就是扶持傀儡政权，充当英俄两国的缓冲。 随着战场上的进展顺利，和英军的拙劣表现，俄国人的期待值也不断增加，现在想要吞下阿富汗地区。 在这种背景下，原来的战争准备自然就不足了。大约从三个月前开始，亚历山大三世就下达了全国备战令。 只是“全国备战”，不是“全国动员”。阿富汗地区的地形限制了双方的兵力投入，只要物资充足就够了，区区几十万大军还不需要俄国人举国动员。 外交大臣韦森贝格：“这只是一场局部战争，理论上来说，过了这么长的时间，俄国人应该做好了战争准备。 不过我们从俄罗斯帝国的军队调动、物资流动、铁路运输等情况分析，恐怕还需要一段时间进行协调。” 战争最考验政府的组织能力，对俄国官僚弗朗茨不抱有任何信心，出现混乱是必然的。 备战不是说把物资生产出来就行了，更关键的还是要把物资送到前线的士兵手中，才能够真正发挥作用。 原时空的第一次世界大战，就是俄国官僚主义的巅峰之作，前线的士兵在饿肚子，后方的粮食堆在仓库里发霉。 类似的事情，两次普俄战争中也发生过。事实上，第一次普俄战争，俄国军队也是被国内的官僚给坑死的。 “对了，昨天英国媒体还刊登了俄军在中亚地区屠城的新闻，据说还附上照片。 如果消息是真实的话，那么中亚局势就不是沙皇政府说得那样一片太平。” 听到“屠城”的消息，弗朗茨眉头一愣。进入19世纪后期，全世界都很少传出屠城的消息了。 不过以俄军的作风，发生几次屠城事件，也不是什么好奇怪的。毕竟中亚三汗国还顶着叛徒的名号，对待叛徒俄国人肯定是要报复的。 如果这个消息不是英国人发布的，那么可信度就更高了。 没办法，英国人的节操实在是不高。就算是有图有真相，同样也可以造假。 无非是换一身军装的问题，只要是政治需要，弗朗茨相信约翰牛干得出来。 虽然屠杀土著，在这年头不是什么大事，可是对国家形象的伤害还是很大的。 在英俄战争一触即发的关键时刻，谁的国际形象更好，谁就能够在战争中更容易获得国际舆论的支持。 沉思了片刻功夫后，弗朗茨严肃的说道：“派人尽快核实消息的真假，宣传部准备舆论疏导工作，不要让屠杀事件波及到我们。” 俄奥两国是盟友，要是俄国人屠城事件被实锤了，奥地利也会跟着被舆论骂。 国际上挨骂也就罢了，弗朗茨就算是想管，手也伸不到那么长。 但是国内的舆论，必须要给控制住了，万万不能发生舆论绑架政府决策的奇葩事。 至始至终，弗朗茨关注的重点都是奥地利自身。至于俄国人的麻烦，那能算麻烦么？ 如果不是实在够不到，他都要充当热心人士，支持中亚人民的反侵略战争了。 …… 圣彼得堡 “英国人在国际上大肆抹黑我们的国际形象，你们觉得该如何应对？” 从语气中就可以看出来，亚历山大三世没有把这当成一回事。 挨骂就挨骂，反正俄罗斯帝国也有在国际上挨骂的传统，欧洲世界骂了他们几百年，日子还是照样过。 在亚历山大三世看来俄军有没有在中亚地区屠城，实质上并不重要。 本身俄罗斯帝国在欧洲世界的形象就算野蛮人，不是三言两语就能够扭转的。 野蛮人屠城，完全是正常操作。要是俄军在中亚秋毫无犯，反而有问题。 外交大臣奥斯卡·希门尼斯回答道：“陛下，英国口中的屠杀事件发生在中亚，死的又都是土著异教徒，欧洲世界的关注度不会太高。 要是直接解释就上了英国人的恶当，无论我们拿出多少证据，都会有人先入为主相信屠城是真的。 不如反其道而行之，英国人指责我们在中亚屠城，我们也可以揭露他们在阿富汗地区的暴行、在印度暴行…… 如果还是顶不住，那就翻旧账，把所有的殖民帝国都拖下水，分散国际舆论的压力。” 或许别的国家可以指责俄国人屠城，唯独英国人没有资格，他们在阿富汗地区干的事情，也不比屠城好多少。 事实上，在这个比烂的年代，谁也不比谁干净多少。每一个殖民帝国，都是建立在尸山血海之上的，没有任何例外。 最近这些年，很少听到屠城的消息，不等于就没有发生。 只不过大家学乖了，知道要低调处理。屠城的影响太过恶劣，或许发生的次数减少了，但是殖民地屠杀事件仍然屡有发生。 亚历山大三世点了点头，解释不存在的，自家人知道自家事，俄军的军纪怎么样，大家都是一清二楚。 或许没有动则屠城那么夸张，但是发生屠杀事件再正常不过了，这也是沙皇政府默许的。 从中亚三汗国刺背俄罗斯那一刻开始，沙皇政府就决定了要报复，前线的俄军无非是在贯彻这一意志。 “舆论上的问题是小事，影响不到接下来的战争，关键是中亚地区的局势。 伊万诺夫元帅，军方还要多长时间才能够肃清地方，启动下一步作战计划？” 虽然不怎么注重细节，但是亚历山大三世还是意识到了中亚局势的不稳。 前线的俄军又不是疯子，只有在社会秩序失控的时候，才会采取极端手段。 正常情况下，最多也就劫财、劫色。没有足够的利益，吃饱了撑着才去玩儿屠杀。 一直低头不语，想要降低存在感的伊万诺夫元帅，意识到躲不过去了，硬着头皮回答道：“陛下，以目前的局势我无法给出准确时间。 主要是中亚地区太大了，击败了敌军主力过后，有大量的散兵游勇四处流窜，开始为祸四方。一时半会儿，我们很难找到他们的藏身之地。 陆军部计划先肃清部分地区，开辟出一条通往阿富汗地区的安全通道，等夺取阿富汗地区过后再回头收拾他们。” 这是事实，中亚地区确实太大了，足有好几百万平方公里，根本就不是几十万俄军能够顾过来的。 真要肃清地方，没有几年时间根本就办不到，而俄罗斯帝国现在最缺的就是时间。 英国人已经控制了阿富汗地区，虽然还有抵抗组织存在，可是这些人能够坚持多久，谁也不能保证。 一旦让英国人肃清了游击队，在当地站稳了脚跟，再想要从他们手中夺取阿富汗就难了。 略加思索过后，亚历山大三世缓缓说道：“就这么办吧！不过军方要加快速度，不要贻误了战机。” …… (本章完)

神圣罗马帝国-883.第866章 阴谋论-69书吧 第866章 阴谋论 1889年是非常特殊的一年，吃瓜群众们看足了热闹。 从最初的中亚战争、阿富汗战争，到公使案爆发，紧接着英俄两国又开启了精彩绝伦的撕逼大战。 然而这只是开始，本来说好的只是英俄撕逼，结果不守规则的英国人，率先祭出了拖人下水大法。 从下半年开始，欧洲各大殖民帝国的黑历史，都不断被曝光了出来。 奥地利也没有能够例外，搞得弗朗茨这个吃瓜群众，都不能好好吃瓜了。 这个时候，要是还不知道这是英国人的阴谋，他就白当这么多年皇帝了。 什么“中亚屠杀案”、“各国黑历史”，都是为了转移国际舆论，才搞出来的。 俄国公使在伦敦被人大庭广众之下给弄死了，发生了这么大的事情，英国政府根本就说不清楚。 国际社会根本就不认可英国人给出的说法，各国纷纷督促英国政府尽快破案，给公使案画上一个圆满的句号。 最近这些年，英国政府拉了不少仇恨，各国联合施压除了要打击这种破坏游戏规则的行为外，同样也有借题发挥的意思。 理由充分，又是欧洲各国一起上的，英国人事后想要报复，也找不到借口报复。 当然报复是次要问题，带头逼宫的是俄奥两国，根本就不怕被报复。 其他国家只是来凑数的，这个时候站出来，主要是了为了刷一下自己的存在感。 对小国来说，要是长时间不在国际上冒泡，被人给遗忘了，那也是一场灾难。 “公使案”伦敦政府是既不想查，也查不下去。在这种背景下，当然要想办法转移公众注意力了。 然后“俄国人在中亚屠城事件”就上线了，经过一番炒作过后，大家的关注重点就转移到各大殖民帝国的黑历史上。 作为受害者之一，弗朗茨现在也忙着善后消除影响，根本就顾不上寻英国人的晦气。 没有办法，按照英国媒体的说法，奥地利就是人类史上最大的奴隶贩子团伙，比葡萄牙、英格兰都要牛逼。 对英国人的说法，弗朗茨是一万个不认可。 开什么玩笑，奥地利要是成了奴隶贩子团伙，他这个皇帝不就成了最大的奴隶商人？ 在这个问题上，弗朗茨是敢对上帝发誓的，自己从来都没有从事过奴隶贸易。 奥地利政府同样也没有从事过奴隶贸易，甚至奥地利政府还是最早打击奴隶贸易的国家之一。 从开辟殖民帝国开始，奥地利政府就没有从奴隶贸易中抽取一丝一毫利润，干净的不能再干净了。 维也纳宫 看着抨击奥地利从事奴隶贸易的新闻，弗朗茨皱着眉头问道：“舆论上质疑我们的声音不断，宣传部有什么计划？” 嘴长在别人身上，人家硬是要说，奥地利也没有办法把嘴给人家堵上。 因为背后有国际势力操纵的缘故，就连之前的金元大法也不怎么好使了。就算是能够收买，这些报纸的要价也太高，奥地利又不是冤大头什么钱都会出。 宣传大臣路易·冯·拉瓦雷：“鉴于目前复杂的国际局势，我们除了被动解释之外，最好的办法还是把责任推出去。 早在三十年前，我们就废除了奴隶制，禁止任何奴隶贸易，这是人尽皆知的事情。 当年美洲各国劳动力严重不足，制约了国家经济的发展，为了帮助美洲各国发展经济，我们才将奥属非洲过剩的劳动力输送出去的。 本身就是为了互利共赢。为了保障移民们的正常生活，我们甚至还给他们发放了补助金。 移民在抵达美洲之前都是自由民，签订的合同上也约定了自由民身份，后面怎么变成了奴隶，这就要问当事国了。” 理由虽然有些牵强，弗朗茨还是选择了相信。 奥地利这些年陆续向美洲、波斯共计输送了上千万移民，真的就是为了帮助美洲各国发展经济，要是不信有合同为证。 这些珍贵的历史资料，维也纳政府都是有存档的。奥地利是应各国政府的请求，才答应输出国内多余的劳动力。 为了帮助大家共同富裕，维也纳政府是出钱出力，在劳动力输出过程中还赔了几千万神盾的巨款。 后面发生的事情，那完全是资本家们太贪婪了，才将一帮自由民变成奴隶的。 要追究责任，那也是当事国的法律不完善，要不然根本就没有后面的烂事，和奥地利没有丝毫的关系。 指责奥地利是奴隶贩子的人，都是一帮居心叵测之徒，谁见过倒贴钱给奴隶的奴隶贩子？ 沉思了片刻功夫后，弗朗茨摇了摇头：“这些还不够，在洗白我们的同时，还需要有反面例子来衬托。 欧洲从事过奴隶贸易的国家可不少，尽量把话题往他们身上带，尤其是英国人需要重点照顾。 他们才是人类有史以来最大的奴隶贩子兼毒品贩子，这些都是对人类文明的亵渎，我们必须要揭露英国人的阴谋，让更多的人了解真相。” 你坑我，我坑你。这才是列强之间的相处之道，英国人敢四处煽风点火，弗朗茨就不介意把英国人架在火上烤。 若论黑历史，奥地利只是一个小弟弟。尤其是在同行们的衬托下，更是完全不值得一提。 “是，陛下！” 回答完后，作为宣传大臣路易·冯·拉瓦雷就头疼了起来。 揭露英国人的黑历史容易，反正他们浑身上下都是黑的，根本洗不干净。 可是要用在阴谋论上，就要好好研究了。不是因为阴谋太少，反而是英国人的阴谋太多了，多到超乎常人想象的地步。 具体可以参考奥地利总参谋部制定的那几屋子计划，里面不乏有奇思妙想，稳健的可以苟到底，激进的马上就要当球长。 看出了宣传大臣的烦恼，弗朗茨补充道：“阴谋论的重点放在毒品上。 英国人四处贩卖鸦片，除了谋取暴利之外，还有想要通过鸦片毒害全世界，弱化各国的实力，为他们称霸世界做准备。 宣传部可以找一帮专家学者出面痛斥英国人的险恶用心，号召全世界一起禁止吸食鸦片。 可以让外交部配合你们，必要的时候可以用政府的名义召开一次全球禁毒会议。” 禁毒的事情，弗朗茨早就想干了。遗憾是在此之前，大家还没有意识到鸦片的危害性，很多人都把鸦片当万能药使用。 所以禁毒的事情，就只能奥地利关起门来自己干了。国际上依然是鸦片泛滥，在某些地区鸦片还成了通硬货币。 随着科学技术的发展，越来越多的人意识到了鸦片的危害性，社会上主张禁止鸦片流通呼声越来越高。 号召全世界禁毒的基本条件已经勉强具备了，恰好英国人又这个时候送上门来了，弗朗茨没有道理不打掉他们这笔财源。 不需要所有的国家一起参与，只要几个主要强国参与，就能够形成国际法。 就算是不能禁绝鸦片，那也可以好好恶心一下英国人，打击他们的国际形象。 路易·冯·拉瓦雷提醒道：“陛下，英国人自己也是吸食鸦片的，本土和殖民地均有大量的鸦片流通，指责他们借助鸦片削弱各国的实力，这个理由恐怕有些牵强。” 不得不承认鸦片商人厉害，在国际上坑害全世界的同时，也没有忘了回去坑自家的同胞。 毕竟是为了赚钱，赚谁的都一样。 弗朗茨微微一笑：“没有关系，这个罪名向国际上宣布就行了。在不列颠换一套说辞就行了，比如说：资本家企图利用鸦片控制不列颠。 重点强调一下吸食鸦片上瘾，一旦染上毒瘾就再也离不开鸦片，然后只能任由幕后的资本家摆布。” 胡说八道也无所谓，反正总会有人信的。就算是鸦片商人没有敢这么干，可是谁也不能保证他们没有想过。 英国政府禁止鸦片的法案，一直都没有通过，只有一部《毒品药店法案》，约等于没有限制。 (本章完)


Chapter 867: Cleaning Up

""On the Harmfulness of Opium", what is this stuff about? How the hell could these contents be reported!

Henry, get here, now you need to give me a reasonable explanation..." The person who is furious is the famous British opium tycoon George Grande, who is enough to rank among the top ten opium dealers in the world.

As one of the vested interests, like all opium traders, George Grand has always firmly believed that opium is a universal medicine, and opium is sold for salvation.

George Grand has always resented outside criticism of the dangers of opium.

With the development of science and technology, more and more people have become aware of the dangers of opium and have come forward to call on the government to ban the circulation of opium.

In order to continue to make huge profits from the opium trade, opium traders naturally had to cover up these different voices. To this end, they did not hesitate to use a large amount of profits to bribe government officials, newspapers, and parliamentarians.

The opium trade, which seemed to be dominated by opium traffickers, was actually a spoils-sharing meeting involving British bureaucrats, parliamentarians, and the media.

Driven by interests, vested interests worked together to barely suppress the voice of banning opium in the country.

Now that he has seen newspapers publishing articles exposing the dangers of opium, George Grande is naturally unhappy. This means that he has to pay a greater price to suppress different voices.

Henry, who was in charge of public opinion and public relations, hurried over and explained: "Sir, this matter is very special. The source of public opinion is not in the country. It may be related to the recent international disputes. The first person to slander Panacea was the Austrian newspaper. The domestic newspaper The newspapers just reprinted it..." It's okay not to be nervous, opium dealers are ruthless people. If an opium tycoon like George Grande didn't have hundreds of lives under his command, why would he be able to gain a foothold in this circle?

If you mess up his business, it will kill someone. If it weren't for the pressure of life, Henry would not take this high-risk job.

As one of the parties involved, no one knows better than him how loud the public calls for a ban on opium sales.

The promotion of the Austrian government is only one of the triggers. Some newspapers dare to publish such news, mainly because the domestic opposition to the opium trade is growing.

Not just one or two people were harmed by opium, and there were no distinctions between rich and poor. Many British dignitaries also became victims.

Although the opium dealers were powerful, they were not so powerful that they could dominate the world with one hand. Public opinion and public relations cannot buy all newspapers. It is normal for some people to dare to criticize.

In fact, the newspapers that George Grand saw were relatively moderate. They only reproduced the contents of foreign newspapers and did not express his own opinions.

The content in many street tabloids is truly shocking, and they dare to publish anything in them. Before they came to the door, they changed their vests again.

Henry could clearly feel the force behind this, which made him worried.

George Grand interrupted: "Don't talk to me about these useless things. No matter what method you use, you will silence these voices.

If these people don't accept our goodwill, there is no need for them to exist." Let's pick this active person to scare the monkeys.

Let the outside world know that our Panacea Association is not easy to mess with!" Facing the furious George Grande, Henry really didn't have the courage to refuse, and replied anxiously: "Yes, Sir! It's just Austria..." Before he could finish his words, George Grand slammed the table and cursed: "Damn the Austrian bastards, they should have been destroyed at the beginning, but now it has become the climate, and you dare to lay hands on..." As early as decades ago when Austria legislated to ban the opium trade, the opium traffickers wanted to retaliate, but their rulers in the British government were not stupid.

In any case, Austria was also one of the four major powers in the world at that time. Going to fight Austria for the opium trade is a sign of being out of ideas.

The government could not be persuaded. It was naturally impossible for the opium dealers to confront the Austrian government head-on with their own strength. If the law doesn't allow it, just smuggle it secretly.

However, smuggling trade is also difficult to do. The Austrian government has been severely suppressing the opium trade, catching opium dealers one by one and killing them until everyone is frightened.

Although complete eradication was not achieved, most opium dealers were deterred. Big opium traders, including George Grande, have not dared to go to Austria these years.

Isn't it good to sell opium legally elsewhere? Why go to Austria and die?

Finding wealth through danger is what only poor losers need. They, the owners of big businesses, have no need to take risks.

It turned out that it was bearable because there were more markets to choose from. This is no longer possible. If the British government follows suit, it will destroy the foundation of George Grande.

Amid the old and new grudges, George Grand no longer cared about any aristocratic restraints and began to vent to his heart's content.

This was very painful for Henry. He didn't dare to leave, but he didn't dare to persuade him. He could only stand there awkwardly, trying to look like he was listening attentively.

After venting his grievances, George Grand gradually calmed down. When it comes to international political disputes, he is not capable of getting involved.

The era of capital has not yet arrived. If you have too much fun, you will have to pay a price.

Even though he also holds a title of nobility, George Grand knows very well how much water there is in the title he bought compared to the real nobility.

After a pause, he slowly said: "You don't have to worry about political matters. I will communicate with my colleagues and work together to overcome the crisis." Being able to stand out among many competitions, George Grande is naturally not an easy candidate. generation. He was certainly aware of the people's deep hatred of the opium trade.

The Narcotics Pharmacy Act introduced in 1868 was enacted amid strong public dissatisfaction.

It's just that it involves my own interests and I can't bear to let it go.

You must know that in 1888 alone, the sales volume of opium-related products in Britain amounted to tens of millions of pounds, and the amount involved in the surrounding industrial chain reached hundreds of millions of pounds.

Not to mention overseas, the benefits that can be obtained are definitely much more than those at home.

Once the government promulgates the crow ban bill, not only will local interests disappear, but overseas profits will also drop sharply.

...

Downing Street, Prime Minister Gladstone is now very headache. The public's attention has indeed shifted from the "Minister Case", but Britain is still at the center of the whirlpool of public opinion.

"The atrocities committed by the British army in Afghanistan", "Britain's colonial history", "the biggest mastermind in the European war", "the biggest slave trader in human history", "the drug empire"...

this series of public opinion focuses , the spearheads were all pointed at them. All their excuses pale in comparison to the facts.

If he had known from the beginning that the situation would get out of control, Prime Minister Gladstone would have preferred to resist the pressure of the "Minister Case", or the worst he could do would be to fight a war with the Russians.

Now that such a fuss is made, not only is the Anglo-Russian war inevitable, but it has also made itself infamous.

European countries are very disgusted with their methods of dragging people into the water. All major colonial empires have a lot of black history, and some of them are even ongoing. No matter how hard they are washed, they cannot be whitened.

Under this background, everyone can only push for a more extreme one to come out and attract public attention.

Austria took the lead, everyone pushed it, and Britain took the top spot due to its strength.

It's still the kind of thing that once you go up, you can't get down. The black history far exceeds the sum of 2,34,56, and has become the focus of international public opinion.

Prime Minister Gladstone: "International public opinion is becoming more and more unfavorable to us. Now whatever we do will be magnified.

Facts have proved that our plan to divert public attention has failed. European countries are very dissatisfied with us exposing them This is just the beginning of revenge.

If we cannot properly handle these problems, we will encounter more troubles later. Do you have any good ways to deal with it?" Few countries dare to directly confront Britain, but If you do something secretly, everyone will have no pressure.

Anyway, it was Austria that opened the lid, and the Russians were on the front line, and everyone was just playing the drums.

If the British government wants to retaliate, it must first get rid of the two leaders, otherwise it will be counterproductive.

Colonial Secretary Primrose replied: "The Prime Minister is right, these problems do need to be solved.

But there is not much we can do at the moment, and any drastic measures will cause an uproar. Continuing to dwell on this issue will only make it worse for us. Unfavorable.

Based on past experience, to suppress a focus of public opinion, it can only create a greater focus of public opinion. The main reason we failed to divert public attention this time was that we made too many enemies. We should learn from our lessons now.

In essence, this time The incident was just an accident and had no substantive benefits. There was no need to persist.

The Russians had already begun preparations for war, and the defense war in Afghanistan was imperative. I think we can appease the dissatisfaction of various countries, and then provoke the British and Russian Contradictions divert the attention of the domestic public.

This public opinion has affected the interests of some capitalists. I believe they will help us guide public opinion. As for international public opinion, let them go!" Although the opium trade is not an important financial source for the government, the opium trade is not an important financial source for the government. Dealers are definitely the biggest donors to newspapers, bureaucrats, and parliamentarians.

These days, British businessmen control most of the world's drug trade, and nearly half of the profits flow into the pockets of bureaucrats and parliamentarians through various channels, forming a huge interest group.

Although many people are not interested in this interest group, they have to admit that this group is powerful.

After hesitating for a moment, Prime Minister Gladstone nodded. Being able to become the British Prime Minister, his eyes can naturally tolerate sand.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 868 Anti-Drug Campaign

Public opinion momentum has been created, and Franz will naturally not give up this opportunity to build his reputation and fight against the drug trade.

Others are afraid of being retaliated by opium dealers and need to be cautious about what they say. He, the emperor, is not afraid!

On June 26, 1889, Franz published the "Initiative for a War on Drugs," calling on all countries in the world to take action together to ban the drug trade.

The natural opium trade was heavily criticized, but Franz would not save face for the British and directly demanded that the British government be responsible for the spread of opium.

On the same day, the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs also issued a diplomatic note to countries around the world, inviting them to participate in the international anti-drug conference to be held in Vienna a year later.

If the time interval is long, there is nothing we can do.

Communication is inconvenient these days. It will take several months for the news to spread all over the world. It will not be enough to wait for representatives from various countries to arrive in Vienna.

The main purpose of convening an international anti-drug conference is to build momentum and put pressure on the British government. Naturally, the more representatives participating in the conference, the better.

Franz had always liked to make plans before taking action. Since he decided to crack down on the British opium trade, he naturally had to achieve results.

Instead of asking the British government to compromise, it must at least clearly prohibit the trafficking of opium in international law and limit the use of opium to the field of medicine, rather than being a health product that can be sold at will.

Franz's personal platform naturally greatly inspired the confidence of those who opposed the opium trade. With the release of the initiative, Franz also became a leader in the international anti-drug movement.

No one is competing with him for this position, and the opium dealers are not easy to deal with. In the past hundred years, countless wise people who opposed the opium trade died under their butcher's knives.

Finally, someone emerges who can withstand the counterattack of the opium dealers. Naturally, everyone will push him to the front desk.

Especially for countries suffering from opium poisoning, the impact is even greater.

After waiting for so many years, finally a champion who can compete with the British came out to carry the anti-smoking banner.

...

Foreign Secretary Weisenberg: "Since His Majesty issued the declaration, we have received support from Russia, Greece, Montenegro, Switzerland, France, Spain, the Nordic Federation, and some states in the German region.

The situation is as we expected. Almost. If nothing else happens, after the news spreads, there will be several countries outside Europe that will support us. The opium trade is harmful to everyone. The remaining countries have not publicly expressed their stance, mainly because they are worried about being attacked by the British. In retaliation, most of them also hope that the anti-smoking movement will succeed.

Once the international conference is convened, there should be no problem in passing a bill prohibiting the circulation of opium." The British plundered the wealth of countries around the world through the opium trade, seriously damaging everyone's interests.

No one has lifted the lid. In addition to fearing British revenge, the main reason is that there are a group of domestic interest groups that profit from the opium trade.

Thanks to the efforts of interest groups, opposition voices were suppressed. But all this disappeared with Franz's declaration.

Insightful people who opposed the proliferation of opium stood up. The harmful effects of opium were exposed, and the lid could no longer be closed.

Interest groups can influence the government, but they cannot make decisions for the government. When push comes to shove, politicians will naturally kick off these dirty foot wraps.

Except for France, Spain and the Nordic Federation, these countries that openly support anti-smoking have a common characteristic: they are heavily influenced by Austria and basically uninfluenced by the British.

It doesn't matter if he offends the British. John Bull's tentacles can't reach out anyway, so he's not afraid of retaliation.

Frankly speaking, Franz was not surprised to receive support from Spain and the Nordic Federation. The British had plundered their wealth through the opium trade, so they would naturally oppose it.

The French's performance was quite strange. Don't forget that Britain and France are allies, and the recent relationship between France and Austria has been very bad. Due to political considerations, the French government has absolutely no reason to support it.

However, this was of no use, and the French government jumped out to support it. It was one of the first countries to express its stance, and tied for first place with the Russians almost at the same time.

If it weren't for the support of the French government, Austria might not have been able to gain the support of so many European countries in such a short period of time.

"Is there something wrong with the relationship between Britain and France? Why has the French government been causing trouble for the British recently?" It's not that Franz is sensitive. From the beginning of the alliance to the present, the French government has been causing trouble for the British. Of course, the British The government has also dug holes for the French.

Putting aside the covenant, the relationship between Britain and France is more like enemies than allies.

Foreign Secretary Weisenberg explained: "Your Majesty, the relationship between Britain and France is very complicated and can be traced back to the Middle Ages.

During these long years, Britain and France have been hostile for most of the time. Even now they have formed an alliance. There is also a lack of the most basic trust between countries.

Judging from the intelligence we have collected, the alliance between Britain and France is more like a farce. The two governments have never regarded each other as allies.

Whenever a conflict of interest occurs, or one party loses value, this alliance will fall apart immediately." This answer was very speechless, but thinking about the farce in the early days of the British-French alliance in the original time and space, Franz understood.

If two hostile countries suddenly form an alliance, they cannot become friends immediately. It will take at least a period of time for the two sides to get along before the mentality of both parties can change.

Now, if you stop anyone on the street in Paris and ask them who is France's biggest enemy, there is a 99% chance that the answer will be: the British.

To delve deeper into the reason, in addition to the hatred between Britain and France, the most important thing is that the Russian-Austrian alliance did not put enough pressure on them.

After all, Russia and Austria have been in alliance for many years. In the past few decades, apart from joining forces to kill the Ottoman Empire, Russia and Austria spent most of their time working alone.

Especially now, with the Russians' strategic focus shifting southward and Austria maintaining restraint on European issues, France cannot feel the pressure at all.

Without the pressure of life, why should they put down their status and become little brothers to the British?

The alliance is entirely based on interests, and the greatest value lies in enhancing political influence, rather than saying that Britain and France will actually join forces to go to war with Russia and Austria.

In this regard, it is not surprising that the French government has jumped out to support the anti-drug campaign. He could even issue bonds to the Russians and do something like this to benefit the enemy, let alone simply express his own opinions!

Franz nodded in approval and did not dwell on this issue any further. The worse the relationship between Britain and France, the better for Austria. He has no need to worry about his enemies.

After a pause, Franz continued to ask: "To what extent has the Ministry of Agriculture's promotion of potassium fertilizer reached, and how much can domestic grain production capacity increase this year?" Agriculture Minister Halls: "The promotion of potassium fertilizer is still relatively smooth. At present, the domestic grain production capacity Most farms have accepted potassium fertilizer, and many farms have already tried it.

Once the autumn harvest is over and everyone sees the effect, it can be fully rolled out.

Grain production capacity has increased significantly, and it should start to explode from next year. This year's grain production The production capacity will be slightly increased." This is an inevitable result. No matter how good the product is, no one will have any confidence before trying it out.

Especially when it comes to issues involving a family's income, it is even more impossible for everyone to be careless. No one is willing to take risks before seeing the results.

If everyone is willing to take out a piece of land to try potash fertilizer, it proves that the Ministry of Agriculture is doing a good job. When the effects are achieved, the government will not need to promote it, and the private sector will promote it on their own.

This can be considered a good thing. If grain production capacity surges this year, the Russians will not cry.

Who knows whether the Tsarist government would have the courage to continue the war with the British after suffering heavy agricultural losses.

If the fire suddenly stalls, wouldn't Austria's previous investment be in vain?

(End of chapter)


Chapter 869 Final Preparations

On the Afghan battlefield, Lieutenant General Patrick finally waited for the long-awaited reinforcements. However, before he could breathe a sigh of relief, he received shocking news - the Russians were about to attack.

On September 11, 1889, the Russian army captured the Marais area, and the nearest area to Afghanistan was less than 100 kilometers away.

The three major khanates in Central Asia, which Britain originally had high hopes for, have been completely defeated under the attack of the Russian army. At this moment, the governments of the three countries have all fled to Afghanistan.

After nearly a year of hard fighting, Lieutenant General Patrick had to admit that the Indian colonial army was not made to fight.

With equal strength, the regular army was unable to defeat the guerrillas. This is something that would make people laugh even if you say it, but now it has actually happened.

Patrick can become the commander of the expeditionary force, and his political acumen is naturally not bad. He knew exactly how tense the relationship between Britain and Russia was.

Thinking of the upcoming Anglo-Russian war, and looking at the reinforcements sent to him from home, Patrick had the urge to cry.

So far, the British army has assembled 30 infantry divisions, 2 cavalry divisions, and 8 artillery regiments in Afghanistan, which can be said to be a strong force.

However, these units are all prefixed, and the situation changes instantly.

Only two of the 30 infantry divisions were sent from the mainland, and the rest were Indian colonial troops. The cavalry division and artillery regiment are both local elites. They are technical arms and are jobs that Indians cannot do.

However, sending so many cavalry into Afghanistan makes me drunk just thinking about it. If he didn't have strong self-control, Lieutenant General Patrick would really like to send a message to ask if those gentlemen in China are out of their minds.

Anyone who knows a little bit about the terrain of Afghanistan will know that the most suitable unit here is the mountain infantry division. There is no special organization for this in the British army.

As for the cavalry troops, in addition to serving as messengers, they can only increase the logistical pressure on the troops.

The guerrillas are all in the mountains and only occasionally come out to cause trouble. Large groups of cavalry have no use here at all.

It cannot be said that it is completely useless. As long as the British army cheats and defeats the Russians, the cavalry will be the main force when counterattacking Central Asia.

Unfortunately, Lieutenant General Patrick was not needed. The exiled governments of the three Central Asian Khanates did not come empty-handed, and there were 50,000 to 60,000 troops following them.

These grassland peoples are natural cavalry when they mount a horse.

Frankly speaking, in addition to the corruption of their own regimes, the lack of support from the British government was also one of the core factors why the three Central Asian Khanates were defeated so quickly.

They are all caused by bureaucracy. The weapons and equipment provided are a joke. Some of the guns can be traced back to the last century, and their collection value is greater than their practical value.

You know it, but there is a lot of interest exchange hidden in it. Lieutenant General Patrick wisely chose to pretend not to see it.

Not to mention cheating the Central Asian Khanate, in fact, the weapons and equipment of the Indian colonial army are as rubbish as ever, lagging behind Europe by more than 30 years on average.

Even for the main local force, there is still a gap between the weapons and equipment and the world-class level.

It's not that Britain's military technology is poor, the key is that the army is not popular in the country. It has always been a stepmother, and the funds invested in weapons research and development every year are limited.

Being able to barely keep up with the world's first-class level is the result of Britain's solid industrial foundation. If we want to be at the forefront of the times, government funding is simply not enough.

"Give electricity to the country and tell London that we need reinforcements, a lot of reinforcements! If we want to defend Afghanistan, we need to reinforce at least 20 more infantry divisions in the country. They must be the main force of the local forces .The Indian colonial army is simply not   enough ." The young officer panicked and persuaded: "Your Excellency, Commander, is 20 infantry divisions too much? I'm afraid the country will not agree." For land power powers such as Russia, Austria and France, 20 infantry divisions are not worth mentioning at all. , if supplies are sufficient, it can be put together in up to ten days and a half.

But for Britain, the situation is very critical. Let's put it this way, if you add all the British Army before the expansion and multiply it by two, you may not be able to get it together.

Even though the London government carried out a round of military expansion due to the tense situation in Central Asia, the British Army still has less than 300,000 troops and a total of 17 infantry divisions.

Asking for 20 main infantry divisions at the outset is clearly to pack up the pace of the British Army and force the British government to continue to expand the Army.

Lieutenant General Patrick shook his head: "Mar, put away your little thoughts, don't forget who our enemy is this time! Facing the Russians, how many 20 infantry divisions are there? If there really is a fight, you will find that on the battlefield Human life is worthless. The Prussian-Russian War is the best example. Both sides suffered millions of casualties.

Although this war in Central Asia may not be as crazy as the Prussian-Russian War, it is not that easy to kill hundreds of thousands of people. It's over." Looking at the stunned young officers, Lieutenant General Patrick just sighed secretly: Britain's young generation is too fragile and cannot withstand any disturbance.

Not to mention the entire Central Asian battlefield, the total number of casualties in the Afghan War alone exceeded one million, but most Afghans died, and everyone did not feel deeply.

The next enemy is the Russians. Indian cannon fodder alone is obviously not enough. The main force of the British army must be there to suppress the battle, otherwise it will be easy to be defeated across the board.

Judging from the experience of the First Near East War, even if there are enough cannon fodder tubes, the British army must be prepared to suffer heavy losses.

...

The British army panicked, and in fact the Russian army on the front line was not much better.

It seemed that they had won a comprehensive victory in the Central Asian War, but the failure to wipe out all three governments in one fell swoop meant that the Central Asian region would not be peaceful.

If the guerrillas in Afghanistan are drilling in ravines, then the guerrillas in Central Asia are mostly horse thieves, and many of them fight against the Russian army in tribal units.

General Okinets knew very well that the fierce resistance of the people in Central Asia was largely caused by the Russian army.

If the Russian army had not gone out to plunder from time to time, the local resistance would not have been so fierce. But there is no way, you know, you know, the butt determines the position of General Okinets.

Russian soldiers have almost no military pay, and their main income depends on what they capture on the battlefield. If they are not allowed to go out to rob, who is willing to continue to work hard?

In addition, the logistics of the Russian army are also very poor. Even when supplies are sufficient, they can only barely manage enough, and there is no quality at all.

After years of eating military rations, the hair on the mouth has long faded away. At this time, if it prevents soldiers from improving their lives, big trouble will happen.

Against this background, General Okinets could only turn a blind eye to the looting happening below, and use the most brutal means to suppress the resistance movement.

Since the occupation of Central Asia, the Russian army has executed three or four figures of resistance elements almost every day, relying on the most stringent association laws to maintain social order.

It can also be said that there is no "order", because these orders can only restrain the local people, and the Russian soldiers do not have to abide by them at all.

In order to ensure smooth logistics and transportation, Admiral Okinets even cleared a road in no man's land, and all residents within 30 kilometers of the surrounding area were cleared out.

As a price, General Okinets also gained the reputation of "Butcher General", who stopped children from crying in Central Asia.

Putting down the documents in his hands, Okinets said slowly: "After the cleanup is completed, let's generate electricity for the country! As long as the supplies are in place, we can launch an attack on Afghanistan." You can tell from his tone that Okinets Admiral Nietz is very helpless now. If he had a choice, he would never take the position of commander this time.

It looks majestic, but in fact it is also full of dangers. In order to win this war, General Okinets offended too many people.

If he continues to win, there will be no problem. No matter how many people he offends, he can be suppressed by military merit and become the second Marshal Ivanov.

But once something changes on the front line, the situation will be completely different. The principle of pushing against the wall also applies here. Okinets can only win but not lose.

According to the original plan, it would stop after seizing Central Asia. Now that he had achieved success, he returned to St. Petersburg to receive his reward.

Unfortunately, the reality is cruel. The changing international situation inspired the tsarist government's ambition to seize India.

What General Okinets has to do now is to complete the first step of the plan - to seize Afghanistan and lay the foundation for the future attack on India.

The middle-aged officer did not seem to realize that Okinets was in a bad mood, and replied happily: "Yes, Your Excellency, Commander!" Everyone was in different positions and saw different scenery.

For General Okinets, the title of marshal is indispensable now that the war is going on, and it is the best choice to stop when the situation is good.

However, for most Russian officers, it is better to continue the war. It is far better to be weak here than to go back to Europe to fight for hegemony.

The Indian colonial army is not worth much, but they carry the British brand. If they have bad eyesight, they can be treated as the main force of the British army.

The enemy we have to face is the combat power of the colonial army, but it can produce the military exploits of the regular army. Anyone who has some relevance is trying to find ways to sneak into the frontline troops at this time.

As a frontline commander, General Okinets has sold a lot of favors in recent times.

...

recommend the book "Reborn as a Pirate" (End of Chapter)


Chapter 870 The Anglo-Russian War breaks out.

London finally mustered up the courage and made up its mind to fight the Russians. The British government was directly by Lieutenant General Patrick's telegram asking for help.

Putting down the telegram in his hand, Prime Minister Gladstone asked doubtfully: "Aren't there already 400,000 troops on the front line? Why do we need reinforcements?" It's not that Prime Minister Gladstone is making a fuss. In fact, Britain has never played with scale in its history. Such a big strategy game.

Before the war broke out, more than 400,000 troops had gathered on the front line. If another 20 infantry divisions were reinforced, the total strength would be close to the 700,000 mark.

The scale of a local war was completely beyond the scope of Prime Minister Gladstone's cognition.

Secretary of the Army Rosario: "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, the Department of the Army has carefully studied Lieutenant General Patrick's request for help, and can basically confirm that his request is reasonable. The Russians are coming menacingly, and according to intelligence, they have already invested in Central Asia. With half a million troops, we do not rule out the possibility of additional troops later.

Because of the distance, the enemy will increase troops much faster than us, so we must ensure sufficient troops on the front line.

Otherwise, in the event of an emergency, we can only count on India Support from the Viceroyalty of India. With all due respect, the Viceroyalty of India does not have the ability to deal with emergencies.

Once a war breaks out with the Russians, the Indian region will also become unstable. Maintaining stability in the Indian region is the most important job of the Viceroyalty of India.

If it were done in advance Without preparation, when the war breaks out, it is irresponsible to suddenly draw too many troops from the Indian region and enter the front line.

Secondly, Afghanistan has always been unstable, and the locals and the Russians colluded to resist our rule.

Because Afghanistan The region is mountainous, and the base camps of the resistance organizations are all deep in the mountains and forests. Our troops in Afghanistan have conducted many encirclement and suppression campaigns, but they have not been able to catch them all. Once the war with the Russians breaks out, these people will jump out to cause destruction. We We must leave enough troops to deal with emergencies and prevent them from cooperating with the Russians.

..." There are many reasons, but they can be summed up in one, that is, expand the army quickly, the front line can hardly wait.

Although he has always been a stepmother, the Army also has pursuits. No one will give up this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for military expansion.

Rosario, who was a civil servant, naturally knew the twists and turns involved, but as Secretary of Army, his position had already been decided.

If the military is demolished at this time, then there is no need to do the following work. The people below will find ways to trick him.

Finance Minister Xiaoji Childers sneered: "Your Excellency, you should know the situation in Afghanistan. Seven hundred thousand troops need to be maintained on the front line to fight. How many people does your Ministry of War intend to use to ensure logistics?

One million people or two million People, or three million people, or even four million people?" This is the most realistic question. Afghanistan is a landlocked country. Materials such as food and cloth may be provided by the Indian Viceroyalty, but weapons and ammunition must be To be shipped from the mainland.

If all the production and transportation personnel were added up, there would be no way to support a labor expedition of this scale without millions of people serving the frontline troops.

Army Secretary Rosario shook his head: "These problems do exist, but we have no choice, right?

The Russians don't care whether we have difficulties. As long as they are ready, the Russian army will fight.

For India's security, we must take the initiative to respond. If we do not fight a war to defend Afghanistan now, we will have to fight a war to defend the Ganges River in the future.

As for the difficulties we are facing now, it is not impossible to overcome them. The most important thing we lack is labor.

Recruit directly from India. Just labor. The highest labor cost is nothing more than the domestic production and transportation process. It will be over if you grit your teeth and persevere.

With the financial situation of the Russian Empire, they cannot compete with us for Afghanistan for a long time.

As long as the Russians are defeated Twice, let them realize the strength gap between the two sides, and the subsequent problems will be easier to solve." Spending money is a must.

The Russian Empire is not weak, but its biggest problem is its finances. Britain, which has a lot of money, has no reason to let go of this obvious loophole, and instead of competing with them for financial resources, go and play a decisive battle.

Stud plays a decisive battle all of a sudden, which looks majestic, but in fact it is like dancing with the head on the waist. If it fails, the fate of the country will be affected.

Without the Empire on which the sun never sets, would it still be considered an empire on which the sun never sets? I am afraid that in less than three to five years, I will have no choice but to abdicate in favor of someone worthy of my honour.

This is also where everyone struggles the most. Sending troops to reinforce is too expensive, and Britain, which has a big business, will feel heartache. If they don't send troops to reinforce, they are worried that the front line will be out of control, and the Russians will threaten India's security.

After hesitating for a moment, Prime Minister Gladstone said slowly: "Let's vote collectively and report the final resolution to the Parliament." When the situation is unclear and we are unwilling to take responsibility alone, collective resolution is undoubtedly the best option. s Choice.

Even if there are certain problems with the resolution, it is still the result of democracy, which can minimize everyone's responsibility.

As for the cost, naturally the efficiency drops a little bit. The cabinet can make a decision immediately, but no one knows how long it will take when it comes to parliamentary discussions.

But one thing is certain, as long as the Anglo-Russian war breaks out, the efficiency of the British Parliament will be passively improved.

...

In St. Petersburg, good news from the front line has been spreading frequently recently, and Alexander III's mood has also improved.

It is not easy to be the czar of a fighting nation. You must always pay attention to the changes in the battle situation on the front line.

In case of a defeat on the front line, the Tsar must deal with the aftermath as soon as possible to avoid making the matter worse and affecting his reputation.

Alexander III asked: "The passage south to Afghanistan has been opened. Now it depends on the Logistics Department. How long will it take for you to transport the materials to the front line?" Logistics Minister Argent hurriedly replied: "At most two days Within a few months, we will be able to deliver all the strategic materials in the plan to the combat troops on the front line." I don't know since when, going south to India has become the most important national policy of the tsarist government. All strategic plans are around this core.

At this critical moment, Argent did not dare to discount. Even if he was dissatisfied with the Russian troops on the front line, he would not dare to cause trouble here.

Otherwise, if something went wrong on the battlefield, the Tsar would kill someone. Domestic interest groups would shut him up forever without the Tsar even needing to take action.

Alexander III frowned, then shook his head: "No, the speed is still too slow.

We are making preparations, and the British are not idle either. The British Parliament is discussing whether to increase troops in Afghanistan. Once the enemy's main reinforcements arrive, , it will be difficult for this war to end in a short time." There are no secrets in the British Parliament, and any valuable information entering here will appear in London newspapers in the shortest possible time.

It was published in the newspapers, and no matter how weak the Tsarist government's intelligence capabilities were, it would have received the news.

In order to achieve a quick victory and avoid falling into a stalemate like the Prussian-Russian War, Alexander III certainly had to be anxious.

After wandering in his mind for a while, Argent gritted his teeth and said: "Your Majesty, in fact, the attack can be advanced.

The troops on the front line cannot consume all the supplies in one day. According to the current supply reserves of the troops in Central Asia, It seems that they can support continuous operations for more than forty days.

During this period, we will have supplies arriving one after another. The actual combat time that the frontline troops can support will be longer.

As long as the frontline troops do not take advantage of the credit, Our logistics will be able to keep up, and there will be no problems." In theory, there is nothing wrong with Argent's statement.

The frontline has some material reserves, and the logistics department will deliver the materials in batches. As long as the connection is good, there will be no problems. There is no need to wait for all the materials to arrive.

However, these are all theoretical. If actual operations were to be carried out, the organizational ability of the tsarist government would be tested.

The military requested to reserve combat supplies for half a year in advance before launching a full-scale attack. In addition to the need to rest and reorganize the troops after the Central Asian War, most of them still couldn't trust the domestic bureaucrats.

If there is a problem in any link during the transportation process, if the materials are delayed a step, or the delivery location is wrong, it can be enough to kill an army.

At that time, even if all the responsible persons are found and eliminated, it will not be of any value to the overall situation.

After pondering for a while, Alexander III, who was a little tempted, confirmed again: "Can the Logistics Department really guarantee that the supplies will arrive on time?" Guarantees do not exist. Everyone involved in logistics knows that there are too many unexpected situations. Especially the force majeure of nature.

Argent replied bravely: "The Logistics Department will try its best to ensure that most of the supplies arrive on time. There is no way to guarantee it for each unit. In addition to the military notifying us of the combat plan in advance and the Logistics Department preparing in advance, we can Maybe to keep up with the pace of the frontline troops." After hearing this explanation, Alexander III was not worried but happy. As long as the overall supply is sufficient and the supplies of individual troops are lagging behind, it will be a minor problem.

The battlefield is ever-changing. Today the troops are stationed in the east, tomorrow they may be in the west, and the day after tomorrow they may change places.

Before there were radio stations, once the logistics transport convoy set off, the only way to contact them was to chase them on horseback. It was normal for coordination to fail.

After a pause, Alexander III said cautiously: "I will give you another half month to transport as many supplies as possible to the front line. We cannot miss this fighter plane." Seeing the Tsar's resolute attitude, Marshal Ivanlov wanted to He stopped talking. He always felt that there was something wrong here, but he couldn't find what the problem was.

...

(End of chapter)


Kavin is out of shape today. He really can't figure it out, so he needs to take a day off.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 871 Delay On

September 21, 1889, the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs submitted a letter of war to the British Minister in St. Petersburg. Following the end of the First Near East War, Britain and Russia once again entered the battlefield.

There was enough time this time. The Russian army did not launch its attack until the third day after the declaration of war, which was completely in line with international law.

Of course, this was not a case of the Tsarist government following the rules. The main reason was that Afghanistan was so deep inland that the British had not had time to lay wired telegraphs, and it would take more than a week to deliver the message at the earliest.

In the British Government Building in London , Prime Minister Gladstone frowned and asked: "Didn't you say that the Russians were not ready for war? Why did the war break out early?" Britain is not a fool. While preparing for war, , and did not forget to collect intelligence on the Russians' war preparations.

Just yesterday, Prime Minister Gladstone was assured by someone that it would take at least three months for the Russians to be ready for war.

It is already late September, and the Russian Empire will be covered in ice and snow in less than three months. Generally speaking, the Tsarist government will not launch a war at this time.

In the end, the British came to the conclusion that the war would break out in March or April next year, and preparations for the war were carried out by government according to this schedule.

Foreign Secretary George responded very depressedly: "The Russians are indeed not ready for war. Our intelligence agents lurking in the Russian Empire have confirmed it many times. The war broke out early. Perhaps the Tsarist government was aware of our plan and took action first." " There is no problem with the intelligence, and the British government's judgment is also logical, but the Russians don't follow the routine.

If something like this happened, everyone present would be held accountable. Naturally, Prime Minister Gladstone would not pursue the matter further.

After pondering for a moment, Prime Minister Gladstone asked uncertainly: "The Russians launched a war in advance. Can our troops in Afghanistan be able to hold on?" In recent decades, wars between Britain and European powers have , all ended in failure, and even the Afghan natives suffered heavy losses.

Now that we are going to war with the Russians, it is really difficult for Prime Minister Gladstone to have confidence in the army with this series of glorious records.

Defeating the Russians is of course the best option, but Prime Minister Gladstone does not think that the frontline troops are so powerful, otherwise he would not ask for more troops in the country.

At this time, Prime Minister Gladstone had to be thankful that he had left the issue of reinforcements to Parliament.

If the front line suffered heavy losses due to untimely reinforcements, the Congress also shared most of the responsibility.

Army Secretary Rosario shook his head: "The Russians are coming fiercely, and they will not give up until they capture Afghanistan. The Prussian-Russian War is a lesson learned. At its peak, the Russians once mobilized four to five million troops to fight on the front lines. The troops are kept at two million.

Although Central Asia is not as good as Eastern Europe, the Russians cannot invest millions of troops, but they can still do it by investing 3.5 million troops.

If the troops in Afghanistan are elite army, I can guarantee that they can We can defend Afghanistan and even have the strength to launch a counterattack.

But the problem is that our troops in Afghanistan are mostly Indian colonial divisions, and their combat effectiveness is less than one-tenth of the main force.

Unless the Russians invest no more than 200,000 troops in the attack, Otherwise it will be difficult for us to take advantage." Could the Russians have invested less than 200,000 troops?

This is obviously impossible. In attacking the three khanates in Central Asia, the tsarist government invested more than 600,000 troops.

The next step is to compete with Britain for Afghanistan, and only tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of troops will be invested, unless the tsarist government is out of ideas.

After a pause, Rosario continued to add: "The war has broken out. In view of the complex situation in Afghanistan, the Army Department recommended the expansion of 60 infantry divisions, 20 artillery regiments, and two cavalry divisions..." Without waiting, Rosario After Salio finished speaking, Lord Astley Cooper Key, the Minister of the Navy, interrupted forcefully: "Are you kidding me? The Army has just expanded three infantry divisions not long ago, and the total strength of the Army has reached an astonishing Three hundred thousand.

According to the current army expansion plan of your Army Department, the total strength must exceed one million.

As far as I know, Afghanistan is very mountainous, which is not conducive to large-scale military operations. The Russians can only invest three to five million at most. Troops, no matter how many logistics we have, we will be able to drag them to death. We have already taken the advantage of the first move. The troops on the front line can build fortifications and defenses on the spot based on the terrain. We don't need many troops at all.

With an army of one million, you are preparing to go all the way from Central Asia. Fight to Moscow?" You can't do it without objecting. Britain's military expenditure is not unlimited. If the army gets more, the navy will get less.

Because of the war in Afghanistan, the British government stopped the arms race, and the Navy had long been dissatisfied.

Now that the Army has jumped out to grab resources under the guise of war, Sir Astley Cooper Key really can't stand it!

As for the need for war, this is a fallacy in itself. Different playing styles require completely different forces.

Chancellor of the Exchequer Xiaozhi Childers: "Sir is right, the Afghan battlefield does not require so many troops at all, and we do not have the ability to support millions of troops fighting in Afghanistan. The army is not our strength in the first place, and the Russians A decisive battle in Afghanistan is simply unrealistic.

What we need is to hold on to Afghanistan and stop the Russians from thinking of going south, not to engage in a decisive battle with the Russians in Central Asia. For pure defense, the Indian colonial army can also be used. We can have as many such troops as we want, no matter how heavy the casualties are, there won't be any trouble, and the cost is much lower.” It was the lion's opening, and Rosario did not expect the government to agree. It was expected that it would be opposed.

"I'm afraid you two have not understood the seriousness of the problem. War is not a game. The enemy will not follow our plan. The Russians provoked the war in advance is proof. The troops on the front line cannot fight forever. The troops need to be rotated and replenished. We must have enough reserves.

The Ministry of War calculates according to 3:3:4. There are 300,000 combat troops deployed on the front line, another 300,000 troops stationed in India can be reinforced and rotated at any time, and 400,000 troops are prepared domestically to respond. Emergency situation.

Judging from the casualties in the Prussian-Russian War, such troop deployment is actually very small, and the Indian colonial army needs to be supplemented.

The expansion of the army cannot be completed in a day or two, but the situation on the battlefield is constantly changing. Changes, we must consider the worst case scenario.

..." Lord Admiralty Sir Astley Cooper Key: "It's ridiculous. The army must be prepared to fail from the beginning. Could it be..." Seeing the quarrel escalate, Grice Prime Minister Dayton stopped him and said: "That's enough! The Russians are coming. If the noise continues, everyone will prepare to collect the corpses of the troops on the front line!

Order the Governor of India to form another 500,000 troops, and authorize Governor General Lydon to mobilize troops at any time according to the changes in the battle situation on the front line. Troops were sent to reinforce the Afghan battlefield.

In addition, seven infantry divisions were drawn from the mainland, and one infantry division was drawn from Canada, Australia, and New Zealand to immediately reinforce the Afghan region.

The Army immediately began to expand, with an expansion of 400,000 troops first. If necessary, later based on actual conditions Let's discuss the situation later.” Originally, Prime Minister Gladstone wanted to reinforce the twenty infantry divisions on the front line in one go, but unfortunately there were not that many troops in the country.

If you want to continue to increase troops in the mainland, you should wait until the army expansion is completed. Now you can only let the Indian colonial army bear the burden first.

The army expansion plan was blocked. Rosario was originally prepared to continue fighting for it, but after glancing at everyone's expressions, he decisively chose to give up.

It is already very difficult to get everyone to agree to expand the army. If they go too far, these guys may think that the army is too expensive and want to use cheap colonial troops to fight the Russians.

Despite Rosario's efforts to belittle the combat effectiveness of the colonial army, in fact there are still several capable troops in the British colonial system.

The combat effectiveness is not as good as the main force of the British army. That is because the weapons and equipment of the colonial army are too poor. If they are replaced with the same equipment, it is still unknown which one is stronger and which one is weaker.

The British government does not make extensive use of these cheap and powerful troops. It is not that everyone does not want to, but mainly because it is worried about loyalty.

Arrogant soldiers are no joke. These strong combatants are not as good-tempered as the Indian colonial army. If they are not good, they will cause trouble.

Everyone still understands the principle of raising tigers to cause disaster. There are so many colonies in Britain that have never experienced local expansion. This is due to this kind of caution.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 872 The Most Incorruptible Department

From the Palace of Vienna, Franz has felt relaxed since the news of the outbreak of the Anglo-Russian war came.

After being the emperor for so many years, I have always been cautious, just to avoid the situation of being besieged in the original time and space.

Austria's national policy is also established around this center. First, it divided the United States on the other side of the ocean, and then nipped Italy in its bud.

Then it defeated the awesome Prussia and weakened the Russian Empire. It was not until the Anglo-Russian War broke out that Austria truly got rid of the situation of being besieged.

Although the policy pursued by the British government is "there are only eternal interests, no eternal enemies", it does not mean that they have just fought to the death and may become allies soon.

The government can be shameless, but the people cannot accept this shocking reversal. Even if interest groups suppress public opinion, the Russians must cooperate.

If the Russians win this war, going south to India will be the future national policy of the Tsarist government, and no one can stop it.

Unless the British can give in, the two countries will have no choice but to continue fighting.

It was impossible for the Russians to lose the war, and Franz had made up his mind to support the tsarist government in the fight.

At worst, in the later stage, Austria will provide money and supplies, and the Russians will send troops to spend it with the British.

If it doesn't work in one year, then it will be two years. If it doesn't work in two years, then it will be three years or five years. If it doesn't work, there will be rivers of blood . This war will not stop at all.

By the time the war was over, Britain and Russia were almost exhausted. For a long time to come, we will not be able to interfere in continental affairs.

...

Franz: "Sell the mortars we just equipped to the Russians. Afghanistan is mostly mountainous and they need a light artillery." The British Empire has a solid foundation and has not suffered heavy losses. To make them both lose, Franz had to find a way to increase the strength of the Russians.

Originally, Franz was planning to give the Maxim machine guns to the Russians, but considering the poor logistics of the Tsarist government, he decided not to cause them any trouble.

More black technologies, needless to say, are reserved for the Austrian enemies and cannot be exposed for the time being.

The only thing that can appear in advance is this kind of mortar with little technical content. The original space and time was also created by the Russians. Retired naval guns were directly modified on the battlefield.

Army Minister Fislav reminded with some embarrassment: "Your Majesty, the Russians introduced mortar production lines as early as three years ago, and now many troops have equipped them." The Russian-Austrian alliance is not an alliance in the simple sense. , since the First Near East War was led astray, Russian armaments began to become Austrian.

After a long period of running-in, the Russians also learned to be smart, and they followed suit and introduced all weapons equipped on a large scale by the Austrian army.

Mortars, a weapon with low technical content, simple operation, and wide range of uses, have not been classified as classified armaments since their birth, and the military has installed them long ago.

In fact, any weapon used on a large scale cannot be kept secret.

After all, weapons and equipment also need time to run in before they can exert their power. They are not given to soldiers and can be used in combat immediately.

The Maxim machine gun was not immediately installed because the Austrian army was already equipped with Gatling. It would not take long for similar weapons to be upgraded and replaced.

In fact, Austria's truly secret weapons and equipment are aircraft, tanks, and armored vehicles. To be precise, none of the aircraft are classified.

It's not that I don't want to, it's that I simply can't do it. Tanks and armored vehicles can be secretly researched and developed in a small corner, but airplanes cannot be tested without flying into the sky, right?

The plane's test flight range is hundreds of miles. At such a long distance, it is simply a dream to not be seen.

Rather than hiding it and attracting attention, it is better to just put it outside for people to watch, and you can also charge tickets.

Anyway, what is disclosed is only the first-generation product, which can be produced by all major industrial countries. Without in-depth research and development, everyone did not realize the value of the aircraft.

As for tanks and armored vehicles, they are laboratory products in the true sense, and they are branded as automobile research and development centers to the outside world.

It is a purely private enterprise and has nothing to do with the military industry. Even the research and development funds were paid by Franz himself and did not come from military expenditures.

Not to mention the outside world, even the senior officials of the Austrian government do not know about this thing, and even the military only has a few participants who know about it.

...

Franz asked doubtfully: "The Russians attach so much importance to armaments?" In his subconscious, the Tsarist government did not attach importance to the upgrading of armaments.

Because of military expenditures, the Russian military is not active in this regard. Unless it has to be replaced, it generally saves as much as possible.

In the past two decades, the Russian army has purchased a lot of second-hand equipment from Austria. Especially during the Russo-Prussian War, the Russians directly raided the goods.

The purpose is to save money. After all, second-hand weapons and equipment are cheap enough. Generally speaking, they are only 30 to 40% off the price of new equipment. Some weapons can be purchased at 10% off.

Although it is a bit old, as long as it is well maintained, it can still be used for many years, making it most suitable for armies without money.

Weisenberg, the foreign minister who knows the Russian Empire best, explained: "Your Majesty, the Tsarist government's lack of money is not inconsistent with the introduction of weapons production lines.

In fact, every time we sign an arms purchase contract with the Russians, a huge kickback is attached.

In order to prevent the tsarist government from finding out, the bureaucrats in charge of procurement even required that all contracts be taxed based on the transaction price.

The rebates returned to them are not given directly in cash, but are completed through secret transfer of benefits.

Relying on this covert method of accepting bribes, the Russian military's international procurement department became the most clean department in the tsarist government, and even set a historical record of no one being held accountable for corruption and bribery in ten years. " After hearing this explanation, Franz rolled his eyes directly. Sure enough, the Tsarist government is still the Tsarist government he is familiar with, and the bureaucrats are still as rude when making money.

This change now is nothing more than being in contact with Austria for a long time and learning from Austria. The money-making skills of the bureaucrats are better than those of their domestic counterparts, and they know how to do it quietly.

It is conceivable how terrifying the combat effectiveness of the evolved Russian bureaucrats will be.

With the supervision capabilities of the tsarist government, the Russian military's international procurement department relies on profit transfer Most of the time, money-making cannot be supervised, otherwise it would not be the most honest department in the Russian government.

Even because of imperfect laws, many obscure money-making tricks may not constitute a crime in the Russian Empire.

Money-making is still a crime . Money, these bureaucrats also played a role, at least in promoting the upgrading of the Russian army's weapons and equipment.

No, it should have contributed to the upgrading of the Austrian army's weapons and equipment.

Because of industrial technology, the Russians' weapons production The cost has always been high, not only the defective rate is high, but also the performance of the products is unstable.

Whether it is the bureaucrats in the state-owned military factories or the capitalists in the private military enterprises, they all pay attention to maximizing profits.

Purchasing a production line is just a show. Cope with the above inspections in order to grab orders from the government.

The cost of organizing production by yourself is too high. In order to reduce costs and reduce the risk of accidents, everyone tacitly chooses smuggling.

Don't think that if there is a problem with the Russian military's weapons and equipment, there is no need to hold accountable. It's just that Compared with other countries, the Russian military has a higher endurance, and if the failure rate is too high, it must be held accountable.

In fact, many capitalists lost their heads during the Prussian-Russian War. Most of the state-owned military-industrial enterprises in the hands of the tsarist government , all confiscated from their homes at that time.

At first, everyone abided by the rules and imported new equipment. Later, in order to obtain greater profits, everyone tacitly chose to replace it with cheaper second-hand equipment.

Anyway, let's put it another way, There is no such thing as second-hand equipment, they are all pure products of the Russian Empire.

They look a bit old, but that is because the arsenal is serious and responsible, and every weapon has gone through thousands of quality tests.

If you are not satisfied, there are also weapons and equipment that have just left the factory. There are options available, but they have not been tested for performance and the quality cannot be guaranteed.

This multiple-choice question is easy to do. After trying it, everyone will know how to choose. Even if you know there is a problem, for the sake of the ruble, there is no problem.

In order to satisfy customers In order to meet the needs of the Russian army, the Austrian military has advanced the upgrade time of weapons to ensure that they do not look too old in the hands of the Russian army.

In fact, even if they are sold at a discount based on international transaction prices, this price is enough to cover the production cost of weapons. Some weapons There is still money to be made.

In a sense, this is also a win-win choice. The Austrian military saves military expenses, the Russian army guarantees the quality of weapons, and Russian bureaucrats and capitalists make money.

If such a thing happens in Austria, Fran He was definitely going to go on a killing spree, but when it happened in the Russian Empire, he selectively didn't see it.

After all, the Russian bureaucrats' play was also good for Austria. If one day Russia and Austria turned against each other, the Russian military's military industry The system will soon reveal its original shape.

...

On the Afghan battlefield, a week has passed since the war broke out, and the sneak attack expected by the tsarist government naturally failed.

The British generals were no idlers. They had built defense lines on the border early, and scouts were scattered everywhere, not giving the Russian army a chance at all.

However, it is strength that determines the outcome of the war. After a week of fighting, Andhuy has become shaky.

This is not the core of the British defense. Strategically speaking, the best offensive route for the Russian army is to attack Herat along the Hari River, and then go up the river into the hinterland of Afghanistan.

However, General Okinets was no ordinary person. Herat naturally fell into the offensive range, but the breakthrough was placed in Andhuy.

In the Russian temporary command headquarters, General Okinets asked with concern: "Have the Afghan resistance organizations been contacted?" There is no doubt that in his strategic plan, the Afghan resistance organizations are also an important force.

In his opinion, the Afghan resistance organization can make hundreds of thousands of British troops helpless, and its own strength is definitely not weak. It would be a pity not to take advantage of it.

Colonel Loznissa, the young officer in charge of the contact work, replied helplessly: "Your Excellency, Commander, the contact has been made.

It's just that there are unexpectedly many resistance organizations in Afghanistan. There are two resistance organizations we have contacted. Seventeen.

Based on the intelligence we have collected, the number of resistance organizations in Afghanistan will not be less than 100, and may even exceed 200.

Nominally they are led by the Emir King, but in fact these organizations have long been among themselves. They just go their own way and are not restricted at all.

Because of religion, the relationship between these resistance organizations is not very harmonious, and it is almost impossible to integrate them." "One hundred families", "two hundred families", like this The numbers directly refreshed General Okinets' outlook. According to his estimate, there are only two or three Afghan resistance organizations at most.

After all, too many organizations will lead to dispersion of power, making it difficult to coordinate with each other and unable to exert maximum combat effectiveness.

The reality is exactly the opposite. The Afghan resistance organizations are fragmented and work independently without any coordination, which also makes the British tired to deal with them.

"If we integrate it, wouldn't it be possible to..." This tempting idea was killed by Admiral Okinets as soon as it was born. The purpose of the Russian army coming here this time is not to bring warmth to the Afghans.

In essence, Britain and Russia are both aggressors. It's just that the British are now occupying Afghanistan, so the Russian army naturally doesn't mind raising the banner of liberating Afghanistan.

Once the British are driven away, the Russian army will also occupy Afghanistan. This is the national policy of the tsarist government.

In this context, the Afghan resistance organizations can only be used as cannon fodder and will still have to be eliminated in the future. To strengthen their strength is to cause trouble for themselves.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 873: The fall of Andhuy

gave up the plan to integrate the Afghan resistance organizations, but we still need to support those who should be supported. The Russian army still needs these people to cause chaos to the British.

As for possible troubles in the future, that will only happen after the war is won and cannot be taken into consideration in the short term.

Moreover, there are so many resistance organizations in Afghanistan, and there will always be a few young men who can be divided and drawn together. Deep down in his heart, General Okinets despised the British.

With Russian support, Afghan resistance groups became increasingly active.

Destroying roads today, blowing up bridges tomorrow, occasionally firing cold shots, and attacking a wave of transport convoys made the British army miserable.

Andhuy, guarding this city, Colonel Makau just wants to cry now. The Russians left the strategic location untouched and decided to break through from here, which really left him speechless.

In the headquarters of the 9th Indian Colonial Division, Colonel Makhau asked with a haggard look: "When will the reinforcements arrive?" Before the young officer in front of him could answer, artillery fire rang out again, and the Russian army began to attack the city again.

Hearing the sound of gunfire, Colonel Makau's face instantly darkened. The Battle of Andhuy had only begun for two days, and the Ninth Division had already lost more than a thousand men.

Colonel Makau didn't care about the casualties of the soldiers. As a pure Englishman, he never regarded the Indian soldiers as his own, and he didn't feel sorry for them no matter how heavy the losses were.

But the problem is that the morale of the army cannot be damaged. If it were the main force of the British army, it would be able to grit its teeth and persevere even if it loses 20 to 30%.

It's a pity that this is the Indian colonial division. It only suffered hundreds of casualties before the morale of the army was unstable.

If it were not for defending the city, the city fortifications gave everyone a sense of security, and the supervising team was strong enough, the army would have collapsed long ago.

Aware of the division commander's ugly expression, the young officer replied anxiously: "Division Commander, the communications troops we sent out to ask for reinforcements should be able to arrive in Mazar Sharif this afternoon. Theoretically, the reinforcements can arrive as soon as five days later.

However, the General Headquarters In Kabul, without an order from the headquarters, the Fifth Division stationed in Mazar Sharif may not send troops.

If the Fifth Division does not send troops, it can only wait for an order from the headquarters. It will take another week for the communications troops sent to the headquarters to arrive. In Kabul, it may take half a month for reinforcements to arrive. " Without considering other factors, purely from a military perspective, it is still valuable for the tsarist government to launch a war in advance.

Before the war started, the British troops in Afghanistan had been busy destroying the guerrillas, and the British troops guarding the front line were seriously lacking.

Even the general headquarters was located in Kabul. In case of emergencies, it was impossible to coordinate the joint operations of the British troops on the front line.

According to the British army's plan, the war broke out in the spring of next year. With such a long preparation time, temporary telegraph and telephone lines have been laid, and the headquarters can coordinate and command even if it is located in the rear.

Unfortunately, the plan did not change quickly. Now the communication between the various units of the British army can only rely on communications troops.

As for flying pigeons delivering letters, that only exists in novels. Not to mention whether the homing pigeon will encounter danger on the way, whether it can find a place is another problem. The most important thing is that the British army is not equipped with this thing.

Colonel Makau gave up the last bit of luck in his heart. Not to mention waiting for half a month, the Ninth Division might not be able to hold on even in five days.

Besides, these are theoretical numbers. It is necessary to send troops for reinforcements immediately after receiving the letter asking for reinforcements. Only then can the reinforcements arrive in five days.

In fact, this is impossible. As usual, everyone's first reaction when encountering such a thing is to verify the accuracy of the information and then hold a meeting to discuss it.

When a decision can be made, it depends on the commander's responsibility. If you encounter someone who is timid and afraid of getting into trouble, you will not send troops without orders from the headquarters.

After hesitating for a moment, Colonel Makau said slowly: "Order the troops to hold on until night and then withdraw to the second line of defense." Colonel Makau had to be grateful that he was cautious enough and deployed a few more lines of defense. You can back off step by step to delay time.

It's a pity that there are too many enemies on the opposite side. No matter how fully prepared we are, we can't stop the enemy's absolute strength.

Even retreat is impossible. When defending the city, the Indian soldiers can still exert a certain degree of combat effectiveness. If they go out of the city to fight with the enemy in the field, the Russian army will probably be dispersed by charging the Ninth Division.

Whether it is for the overall situation of the war or for himself, Colonel Makau must continue to persevere. Even if Andhui cannot be defended in the end, time must be bought for the main force.

As for the Ninth Division, which is originally cannon fodder, it naturally has to play the role of cannon fodder, and now is the time to make sacrifices.

From this aspect, Lieutenant General Patrick's decision to split the main force to act as a supervisory team was undoubtedly correct.

If it weren't for the main force of the British army, Colonel Makau would not have been able to make the Indians fight.

...

At the British Army Command in Kabul, Lieutenant General Patrick was in a very bad mood. The Anglo-Russian war broke out, and he, the commander, was the last to know.

Whether it was the troops on the front line or the London government thousands of miles away, they all received the news before he did.

Major General Howell suggested: "Your Excellency, Commander, the Russians are coming fiercely. We may not have enough troops deployed on the front line. Let's send reinforcements to the front line!" Although he did not receive specific battle reports from the front line, I think everyone knows with his toes, The situation will not be optimistic.

Major General Lawrence, who was directly opposite, objected: "Things are not that simple. The battle situation is unclear now. We don't know where the enemy's main attack direction is. We can't send reinforcements from all directions at the same time, right?

We don't have that many troops in our hands. The domestic commitments The reinforcements have not yet set off, and it will be two months before they arrive.

Although reinforcements from the Indian region have arrived, we have brought over all the elite troops from the Indian colonies. Most of the current reinforcements are newly formed troops, and there is no hope of combat effectiveness.

Moreover, the campaign to encircle and suppress the guerrillas has also reached a critical moment. The frequency of firefights between the enemy and us has been significantly higher in recent times. Withdrawing our troops now would be in vain.

If we miss this opportunity, we will face the dual threat of the Russians and Afghan guerrillas, and future wars will only be more detrimental to us. " Because of the encirclement and suppression of the guerrillas, nearly half of the British troops in Afghanistan are hiding in the ravines. Except for a few strategic locations on the front line, there are insufficient troops in other areas.

Such a deployment of troops cannot be miscalculated. After all, the Afghan guerrillas The threat to the British army was also very great. During the most rampant period, it could cause hundreds of casualties to the British army every day, and it would be impossible without encirclement and suppression. It can only be said that the British army was unlucky. When encircling and suppressing the guerrillas, they encountered the Russian The army attacked, making it impossible to care about each other.

Howell shook his head: "Now we don't care so much. The guerrillas can only disgust us, but the Russians have the ability to take Afghanistan from our hands." Dividing our forces for reinforcements is not the best option, but we have no choice now. Once the Russians come in, it will be difficult to drive them out.

I proposed to leave one division of troops to keep an eye on the guerrillas to prevent them from causing a big mess, and the remaining troops to immediately reinforce the front line.

Since I am not sure of the enemy's main attack direction, I think we can set up several enemy front headquarters to coordinate front-line troop operations. It would be best for a few of us to personally lead the troops.

Before the communication problem is solved, it is inappropriate for the headquarters to be placed in Kabul. When we receive the news, we will not be able to catch up with the front line to collect the corpses. " ...

The two deputies were arguing endlessly, and Lieutenant General Patrick felt more and more headaches. Everyone's opinions made sense, which made the problem more complicated.

Deep in his heart, he still hoped to wipe out the guerrillas first, and then fight the decisive battle with the Russians. Unfortunately, reality left him no choice. No matter how great the threat from the guerrillas was, he had to ensure that the front line would not be defeated.

After careful consideration, Lieutenant General Patrick made a decision: "Howell is right, the headquarters is in Kabul." It's just a decoration and has no function at all.

From now on, three enemy front headquarters will be set up on the left, center and right, with the three of us serving as commanders respectively.

The left army consisted of the 1st Division, the 3rd, 4th and 6th Infantry Divisions, the 5th, 6th and 7th Artillery Regiments, and the 1st Cavalry Division. I personally served as the commander and went to reinforce the Hetra area.

The center route army starts from the first..." The plan did not change quickly. Just when the British army gave up encircling and suppressing the guerrillas and divided their forces to reinforce the front line, the battlefield of Andhuy also entered a critical moment.

After a week of hard support, guarding Andhuy Iraq's 9th Infantry Division still collapsed, and the reinforcements from the 5th Division that Colonel Makau was expecting never showed up. It's not that the commander of the 5th Division didn't have an overall view of the situation, the problem is that the Russians have already appeared in Mazar Sharif In the area, the battle is about to break out.

How can the Fifth Division dare to mobilize troops to reinforce Andhuy when the future is uncertain?

With the last line of defense broken, the Russian army has broken through all the city defenses of Andhuy and continues to hold on. The only option was to fight in the streets.

Expecting the Indian colonial division, which had lost all military morale, to engage in street fighting with the Russians, Colonel Makau was not crazy yet.

Looking at the hundreds of people gathered around him, Colonel Makau knew that the situation was over, and reluctantly ordered: :"withdraw! " ...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 874 Strategic Analysis

With the end of the Andhui offensive and defensive battle, the Russian army finally gained a foothold in Afghanistan and took a temporary lead.

It was already half a month later that the news reached Vienna. Franz, who is paying close attention to the war in Afghanistan, is currently studying the map of Central Asia.

He admitted that the scenery in Andhuy is very good. Every valley is a scenic spot. You can see the snow-capped mountains above and the green space below. There are waterfalls in the distance and fruit trees in the near view.

But the Russians traveled thousands of miles to fight there, so they couldn't possibly go there just to see the scenery in Andhuy, right?

In addition to the beautiful scenery, the local natural conditions are also relatively favorable, making it a prosperous place in Afghanistan.

As for the strategic value, frankly Franz doesn't think it is very important here.

From a strategic point of view, whether the Russians capture the Herat region to the west or the Wakhan Corridor to the east, they are more valuable than the Andhui region.

Especially the Wakhan Corridor, across which lies British India.

As a qualified melon-eater, the most important thing is to have curiosity, and Franz is no exception.

If your own military level is limited and you cannot tell the real purpose of the Russians, then ask someone who can tell. If Austria has a large group of staff officers, treat it as a temporary assessment.

At the Vienna Palace, Franz temporarily summoned several rising stars of the Austrian General Staff.

"It has been almost a month since the Anglo-Russian war broke out. The Russians, who took the lead, did not mobilize heavy troops to seize the strategic Herat and Wakhan Corridor. Instead, they captured Andhuy. What do you think is the real purpose of the Russian commander? What?" This is a question without an answer, and it tests your imagination. It doesn't matter whether it's rational analysis or even guessing.

In Franz's opinion, this question is suitable for people with better luck to answer.

After all, the final result is likely to be completely different from the Russian commander's original plan. No matter how rational and rational analysis is, it cannot withstand the ever-changing changes on the battlefield.

For soldiers, luck is also very important. Although it's a bit superstitious, sometimes it's okay not to believe it.

In addition to personal ability, luck is also very important for a general who can fight his way out from the battlefield.

Guys who are unlucky all fall down halfway. This can be seen by looking at the records of the Austrian military academy.

The military students who rank at the top every year are not bad in personal ability, but there are still only a few who can make it out.

The rest are all unlucky ones, for example: they received box lunches on the battlefield, were injured in training and retired, suddenly made mistakes when they should be promoted...

"Your Majesty, it is possible that Andhui was just a feint shot by the Russian army to confuse him. The British.

Although the direction of the Russian army's attack is uncertain, their ultimate strategic purpose is clear. No matter what they do, it is centered around capturing Afghanistan.

I think Russia's next step should be Herat, where the British are Heavy troops were deployed, and the losses in the storm were too great.

Perhaps the Russian commander wanted to break the rules and choose an unexpected attack route, for example: learn from the Mongolian outflanking of the past.

Forcibly borrow a road from Persia and penetrate to Herat At the rear, cut off the defenders' retreat, and then carry out a siege." Whether Colonel Dank's plan is feasible or not, Franz cannot draw a conclusion without detailed local information, but this idea deserves recognition in the first place.

Countless classic battles throughout the ages rely on imaginations that ordinary people cannot imagine, plus the most important thing is luck.

It's almost impossible to replicate this kind of success. The same is true for the large-circle encirclement tactic. The Mongols succeeded in doing so, but it does not mean that the Russians can also follow suit.

It would be fun if the Persians became stubborn and did not cooperate with the Russian actions and sent troops to intercept the Russian army's use of the road.

Without making any comments, Franz just smiled at Colonel Dank, and then ordered the attendant next to him: "Record it first. Do you have any different opinions?" As the most imaginative department in Austria, there has never been unity. As soon as Franz finished speaking, another officer spoke.

"Your Majesty, I think the Russian commander simply wants to occupy Andhuy and has no other purpose.

From the analysis of Afghanistan's geographical conditions, the only area with relatively good natural conditions and relatively fertile land is Andhuy. area and Herat area, other areas are relatively barren.

The Russian army is now under the banner of liberating the Afghan area, and its relationship with the Afghans is not bad for the time being. Once it captures these two areas, it can obtain part of the local food as supplies. Supplies.

The logistics system of the Russian army is very chaotic. As a frontline commander, you should be aware of the attributes of the domestic bureaucrats.

This war was launched in advance, and the frontline troops did not have sufficient logistics supplies. If the battlefield advances too fast, , logistics problems may occur at any time.

If I were the Russian commander, the first thing I would consider is how to solve the logistics problem, at least to ensure that the frontline troops will not go hungry, rather than how to win. The British Army in Herat Heavy troops are deployed in the area, and the only area that the Russian army can easily capture is the Andhuy area. Occupying the local area can at least solve the problem of feeding tens of thousands of Russian troops.

From this aspect, the strategic significance of the Russians' capture of Andhuy, and Not much smaller than seizing the Wakhan Corridor." Although it was a bit hard to accept, Franz still believed that it was really possible. After all, Russian bureaucrats are magical creatures, and they have deceived frontline combat troops countless times.

Britain and Russia are both big countries, and the Afghanistan region is of very important strategic significance to both countries, which means that the war will not end in a short time.

If we don't find a way to solve the food problem of the troops first, if we encounter an emergency, it will be the end of the world.

Perhaps in the eyes of ordinary people, the Andhuy region can solve the feeding problem of tens of thousands of Russian troops at most, but Franz doesn't think so.

If the critical moment comes, this area can save the lives of the Russian army. After all, there is not enough food to eat, so you can go out and rob the locals.

It is impossible to completely solve the food problem, but there is still hope to raise a few months' worth of rations.

If strategic materials are insufficient, the worst possible outcome is to stop the attack and build fortifications on the spot to reduce consumption. As long as we don't let everyone go hungry, everything else is easy to discuss.

As for offending the Afghans, at that point, no Russian commander would care.

...

Each magical idea made Franz find everything new and fresh. If he hadn't known that these were all wild guesses, he would have doubted whether the Russian commander was a famous general in the world, and he had so many ways to capture Andhuy.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 875 The Underestimated Napoleon IV

No matter what the real purpose of the Russians was, the impact of the Andhui offensive and defensive battle was terrifying.

A bunch of experts and scholars whose level is not even as good as Franz's have jumped out to point out the situation, as if the war will burn in India tomorrow.

The emergence of the telegraph brought the world closer together, and the negative public opinion in Europe also affected British public opinion. For a time, the pressure on the British government increased greatly.

"What happened on the front line, why did Andhuy fall, and what did Patrick do for food?" Three "what" questions in a row were enough to prove that Prime Minister Gladstone was in a very bad mood now.

Afghanistan is not small, and Andhuy is not a core strategic location. Just losing the tens of thousands of square kilometers around Andhuy is not worth mentioning for the entire battlefield.

The same is true of losing a city and losing a large area of ​​land right after the war started, which is completely different from losing a city and losing a land after a long period of fierce fighting.

Andhuy was lost just after the battle began. Public opinion outside the world questioned the combat effectiveness of the British army. The opposition parties also took the opportunity to stir up trouble, leaving Prime Minister Gladstone in a state of embarrassment.

Army Secretary Rosario replied angrily: "The Russians are so despicable. They launched a sneak attack before the news of the declaration of war reached the front line.

Our troops in Afghanistan are busy destroying the guerrillas. Because Andhuy has low strategic value, the troops deployed there are limited, giving the Russians an opportunity to take advantage.

However, you can rest assured that Lieutenant General Patrick has given up his previous plan to encircle and suppress the guerrillas, and has sent troops to reinforce the front line.

If he does not If anything unexpected happens, the front line has been stabilized now, and we can launch a counterattack just waiting for our reinforcements to arrive." It was okay not to explain, but after listening to Patrick's explanation, everyone present became more and more uneasy.

Giving up the encirclement and suppression of guerrillas also means that the besieged guerrillas can come out. How can one feel at ease when there is a massive Russian army attacking outside and guerrillas looting inside?

Counterattack when reinforcements arrive. This is okay for deceiving ordinary people, but everyone present does not have that strong confidence in their own army.

Suspicious as it may be, Prime Minister Gladstone still did not throw cold water on the matter. The war has broken out and must be fought.

"The situation on the battlefield is changing very quickly. The Army Department must take responsibility. It has been almost a month since the war started. Why haven't the reinforcements set off yet?" Faced With the Prime Minister's accusation, Rosario bit the bullet and explained: "Your Excellency, Prime Minister, There is a lot of preparation work required for the troops' labor expedition.

Most of the soldiers have never been to the sea, and the Atlantic Ocean is very windy and rough. If training is not carried out, non-combat attrition will be very large.

If possible, it is best to leave the troop transport ship The Suez Canal is not only short in time but also windy and waveless." There is no way, even if you are a maritime nation, it does not mean that every British person is not seasick, and most of the army soldiers have never left the British Isles.

From the British Isles to India, it takes two or three months at the fastest. Without professional training, many people will not be able to persevere.

If untrained army soldiers are forcibly sent onto a ship, the death rate will be astonishing. The morale and morale of the soldiers will be destroyed halfway, so how can they still fight?

Foreign Secretary George shook his head: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has communicated with France and Austria many times, and the results are not optimistic.

When the Suez Canal was opened, it issued an announcement: The canal company will maintain absolute neutrality during the war and prohibit the Any military ship of the belligerent country is open to navigation." Let alone war times, British warships cannot sail through the Suez Canal in normal times, and must detour through the Cape of Good Hope every time.

The British Foreign Office has made many efforts to this end, but has not achieved any results.

On this issue, the French and Austrian governments did not come forward at all and pushed the problem to the canal company.

The canal company's initial funds were provided by the governments of France and Austria. In theory, they belong to all the people of the two countries. There were many strange regulations when it was listed.

For example: stocks can only be circulated in France and Austria; major changes in the company's operating philosophy must be approved by the people of France and Austria...

These clauses directly blocked the possibility of the British wanting to intervene in the canal, even if it was You can't buy shares even if you have money.

The "principle of absolute neutrality" is the core operating philosophy of the canal company. If you want the canal company to release the water, the people of France and Austria must first agree.

This is simply an impossible task.

The non-governmental relations between Britain and Austria were passable, but unfortunately the government relations were poor; Britain and France were politically aligned, but the non-governmental relations were in a mess.

It can be said that the Suez Canal is an eternal pain for Britain, because when the canal was first opened, it was not taken seriously, and then it has been in a passive state.

After a pause, Prime Minister Gladstone asked: "Can you persuade the French government to help, even if it means paying a certain price?" The regulations are also set by people, and it is not impossible to circumvent them. Troop transport ships cannot be navigable, which does not mean that ordinary merchant ships cannot be navigable.

At worst, all the weapons and equipment would go to the Cape of Good Hope. The soldiers would take off their uniforms and board merchant ships, pretending to be escorts.

However, this is only for a small force, requiring tens of thousands of reinforcements. Unless someone within the canal company cooperates, it will not work at all.

Foreign Secretary George frowned and replied: "I'm afraid this is difficult. Even if the French government is willing to help, it will be difficult to guarantee that it will not be discovered.

Russia and Austria are allies. Once a problem is discovered, they will most likely detain us. Soldier.

The French are unreliable, and the Paris government will not support us once things are exposed." There is no way, Britain and France have been cheating each other for hundreds of years. Even if they form an alliance now, no one can guarantee that the French will not deliberately trick them.

What if the front foot reaches an agreement with them and the back foot sells them?

Eating at home and eating at home is a characteristic of the times. If British soldiers were detained in the Suez Canal, the Afghan battlefield would be over.

In addition to requiring the French to contain Austria, the alliance between Britain and France is more important to prevent Russia, France and Austria from coming together.

Although the chance of this happening is very small, the British government does not dare to take risks. After all, in addition to interests, hatred also affects national policies.

Britain and France are feuding. If the French government gets hot-headed and joins the Russo-Austrian Alliance, Britain will be doomed.

Just think about the French financial sector's previous issuance of war bonds for the Russians, and you will know how unreliable the relationship between Britain and France is.

After weighing the pros and cons, and without waiting for the Prime Minister to express his stance, Army Secretary Rosario decisively chose to give up.

"There is no room for any accidents in the Afghan battlefield. The reinforcements should go to the Cape of Good Hope. It is really uneasy to place our hopes on the French." ...

At the New Versailles Palace in Paris, Napoleon watched the British and Russian nuisances fighting each other. The fourth generation was in a very good mood.

In order to provoke a war between Britain and Russia, the French government also made a lot of efforts. It's just that it was done more covertly, and many people ignored the French government's role in it.

Including the alliance between Britain and France and the issuance of war bonds for the Russians are only part of it.

Without the efforts of the French government, the British government would not have made up its mind to send troops to Afghanistan so quickly, and the Russians would not have sent troops to Central Asia tit-for-tat. Naturally, there would not be the current Anglo-Russian war.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec: "Your Majesty, both Britain and Russia are urging us to fulfill our obligations as allies." The French government is actually playing tricks with the British and secretly has a secret agreement with the Russians. If this news gets out, , it is estimated that the whole world will be shocked.

There are no clues at all. The French financial sector issued war bonds for the Russians, which proves that there is a connection between France and Russia.

It's just that the French government is not involved, and the French consortium is taking over the business. It is not big news if capitalists do some weird things for profit.

Napoleon IV sneered: "Tell the British that as long as Austria does not object, we will agree to their free navigation in the Suez Canal.

If necessary, we can also send troops to Afghanistan.

Considering that the logistics system is different, we have to be responsible for our own logistics." In order to facilitate supplies, let them provide us with an outlet in the Indian Ocean.

Tell the Russians that we will block the Suez Canal and prohibit the navigation of British warships.

As for the issue of sending troops, let them first convince the Vienna government. As long as Austria declares war on the British , we will follow up immediately." The British government welcomes the French army's dispatch of troops to Afghanistan. But it is absolutely impossible to provide the French with an outlet to the sea in India.

It is easy to ask the gods but difficult to send them away. Once the French forces are put into India, it will be difficult to expel them.

At that time, Britain's competitors in India will not only be the Russian Empire, but France and Russia, and maybe Austria will be added.

In the face of interests, nothing is impossible. As long as the British government is not out of its mind, it will not seek death like this.

The answer to the Russians was also perfunctory, not allowing the British to use the Suez Canal to transport troops, mainly to give the Russians a greater advantage on the battlefield.

Only if the Russian army occupies Afghanistan and threatens India's security will the Anglo-Russian war continue.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec said bravely: "Your Majesty, wouldn't this be a good answer?" (End of Chapter)

