Chapter 865 Attack on LolaThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 865 Attack on Lola-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui At dusk, the Dionysian coalition dug trenches, cleared weeds and trees in the camp area, and initially built earthen ramparts... The entire coalition camp presented an arc-shaped oval, with Potentia at both ends. The army and Abenirum army camps are further to the north, and the Dionia army camp is to the southwest, because the series of hills to the east is not completely continuous. It has some low hills. Alexis considered In order to provide more support to the weaker Abenirum people, the camp was extended to the break of the hill on the east side (located behind the Abenirum camp) to avoid the hill cutting off the Abenirum people. The Benirum camp's connection with the main force made it likely to be the focus of an enemy assault.

At this time, the main force of the Samnite coalition was only able to reach Cavutim due to the bloated team (carrying a lot of captured slaves and property) and the harassment of the Campanian army.

At night, Lesguk carefully planned a night attack on the Dionian coalition camp, with the main target being the Potentians.

Although the cautious Alexis warned Pollet in advance, the night attack of the Beneventum people still caused some confusion to the inexperienced Potentian warriors.

Subsequently, Alexis, who received the news, immediately sent reinforcements.

Lesguk was unable to further expand some of the advantages he had gained due to his lack of troops. Before the enemy's reinforcements arrived, he asked the soldiers to burn some tents and then quickly retreated.

………………………………… On the same day, Zantiparis led half of the reserve legion, departed from the port of Enona, took a fleet, sailed around the Sorrento Peninsula, landed on the coast near Pompeii without any obstruction, and then successfully recovered Pompeii was looted.

Then, troops were sent to easily recover the city of Oplontis, which was not far from Pompeii and was also deserted.

After lunch, Zantiparis left 200 soldiers to garrison in each of the two cities, and then led 3,600 soldiers to march eastward and enter the territory of Naconia, accompanied by some Baparia town residents and priests. (The residents of this town that was burned by Segovani have had close contact with the Naconians for many years, and many people can speak Samnite.) They began to shout "For Quinduk" in Samnite. Slogans such as "Revenge, drive out the Cavutim people, and give me a free Nakonia..." resonated with the original Nakonian tribesmen. Especially when they saw that there were priests of Hades and residents of Bapalia they were familiar with in the team, they immediately became fond of this team. Therefore, Zantiparis's army was supported and welcomed by many people in Nakonia. People kept joining the team on the road.

After Segovani slew Quinduc and occupied the Naconian territory, he was busy cooperating with other tribes and attacking the Campania Alliance, and only massacred some Naconian people who fanatically believed in Hades. , forced the tribes to surrender, and asked them to send almost all the young and middle-aged people to drive them to attack the Campania League, while leaving 500 warriors from Cautim to garrison the city of Naconia.

As for the subsequent forced relocation of several large tribes in Naconia to other areas, and then the relocation of several tribes from Kautim to Naconia to occupy the vacant land... and many more to completely control Naconi The measures in this area of ​​​​Asia have not yet been implemented due to the rush of time, but the tribes of Nakonia have already felt the crisis of survival, especially the brutal behavior of the Cavutim warriors in the city, which is giving birth to Naconia every day. The anger in the hearts of the people of Konya.

When the Cavutim warriors stood at the head of the city, shocked by the huge army of enemies below the city (half of them were people from various tribes in Naconia), Zantiparis placed them at the back of the queue, so the city The soldiers could not see clearly), while the people in the city were rejoiced at the arrival of reinforcements and began to take action. They took advantage of the fact that the Cavutim warriors went to the city to defend themselves and burned the temporary camp of the Cavutim warriors in the city.

Seeing the fire burning in the camp, the Cavutim warriors were even more panicked. How could they not know that the city of Naconia had become as dangerous as outside the city, and their home in Cavutim had no determination in the first place. They wanted to defend this town that had nothing to do with them, so when they saw that the situation was not good, they immediately went down to the city and tried to escape through the east gate where there were no enemies outside the city. Unexpectedly, javelins were fired from the houses on both sides of the street from time to time, killing and injuring the fleeing warriors. On the street ahead, the people in the city blocked the road with wood, mud bricks, and stones, which caused chaos to the fleeing team.

After the Cavutim warriors left the city, the people in the city quickly opened the unguarded west gate. Zantiparis led the soldiers to rush in. Under the leadership of the people in the city, they launched a pursuit of the enemy. .

The Cavutim warriors were greatly routed. Except for a few who escaped from the city, most of the warriors either died in battle or were captured.

Since the leaders of the various tribes in Naconia were under Segovani's control, the Naconian people who had escaped Segovani's control quickly elected several highly respected elders from each tribe to cooperate with the Dionian army. Have discussions.

And Xantiparis also took the initiative to evacuate the army from the city of Naconia to show his sincerity.

Soon, the two sides reached a simple agreement: the Dionysian army will make every effort to ensure the security of the Nakonian territory, but they are not allowed to send troops to the city of Nakonia; the Nakonian tribes allow Dionysian transport The baggage team passed through the territory, headed to Abenirum, and tried its best to provide help; Dionia will send Hades priests to Naconia as soon as possible to preside over sacred affairs, and repair the Hades temple as soon as possible; Onia will do its best to help the Naconian warriors coerced by Segovani return home. Naconia will also send people to follow the Dionian army to persuade the Naconian warriors to escape...

The agreement was reached, and Zantiparis breathed a sigh of relief, because two items in this agreement were very important to the Dionian coalition that was fighting at the moment: one was the issue of food transportation, because if the food was transported by sea, it would arrive in Poland. Seedonia, then transported to Copsa via rugged mountain roads, then to Abenirum via mountain roads, and finally transported to the current Dionian coalition camp in Beneventum, which is both time-consuming and expensive. power; and if you go to Pompeii by sea, then pass through the territory of Naconia, and reach Abenirum through the mountain road (there are continuous kilometers of mountains between Naconia and Abenirum, the two places There are only a few narrow mountain roads connecting each other, but the distance is not too far. This also eliminates the possibility of the Samnite coalition forces crossing the mountains and intercepting the grain road). This saves almost half of the entire journey, so when Kopsa broke up , Alexis and Zantiparis had already discussed a plan, and recovering Naconia was the top priority.

The other is to enter into a friendly agreement with the Naconians. With their help, it is natural for the Naconian warriors in the Samnite coalition to flee from their army and weaken their strength.

But what Zantiparis did not expect was that the Naconians would proactively propose to welcome back the Hades priests. Perhaps it was because Segovani was persecuting Hades believers in the Naconian territory. It inspired the rebellious psychology of the people of Naconia, and in this chaotic time, the arrival of the priests of Hades can help the people of Naconia in many aspects such as treatment, relief, comfort, etc. This is something that the priests of native gods such as Savoni cannot do.

………………………………… That night, the defeated troops fled back to Cavutim, and Segovani was shocked when he learned about it. He expected that the army would retreat and Naconia would probably be attacked by the enemy. But the southernmost land of the Kautini tribe was lost so quickly. The role played by the Naconians and the hostility they showed shocked him.

On the one hand, he blocked the news to avoid letting the Naconian soldiers know; on the other hand, he sent 500 additional soldiers (including those defeated troops) to Lola and Sessala in the west, hoping that these two The city could serve as a barrier to the south of Cavutim.

To be honest, he was not worried about the Campanian army, but he was a little scared of the Dionysians, although the number of their soldiers was probably not large.

………………………………… The next day, the Dionysian coalition continued to build the camp. With the lessons learned last night, the coalition soldiers worked harder and harder, cutting down trees, building wooden fences, building sentry towers, and setting up deer villages...

Lesguk gradually adapted to the enemy's sending troops to suppress the city and the bombardment of ballistae, and sent soldiers out of the city many times to harass. The Dionian coalition forces, which also gradually gained experience, took corresponding defensive measures and paid a small number of casualties. After that, force it back.

In the afternoon, more than 10,000 Samnite coalition soldiers finally entered the city of Beneventum.

On the same day, Zantiparis led 3,600 soldiers to leave the Naconian territory and march north. After two hours of marching, they approached the city of Lola. Here, they joined 8,000 Campania allies from the west, bringing the total strength to 11,600.

There were only 1,500 Cavutini warriors in Lola City. Of course they felt very nervous, so they closed the four gates tightly, mobilized the whole city, and all the warriors went to the top of the city to prepare for defense.

Things are changing. Two days ago, the allied forces of the Samnite tribe swept across the territory of the Campania Alliance. The only city of Naples left on the Campania plain was surrounded by the Samnite people. The shouts of the Samnite warriors could make countless people The fleeing people were trembling in the city of Naples. Now the situation is reversed. The Campanian army joined forces with the Dionians and surrounded the famous town of Lola in Cavoutini. The soldiers were both excited and a little nervous.

Thanks to Sniper No. 11, 13082830955 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 866: Roman DinnerThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 866 The Roman Dinner-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Under the persuasion of Zantiparis, the Campanian coalition generals listened to his advice and did not rush to attack. Instead, they followed the Dionysian army and built a camp one mile southwest of Lola City. The reason why Zantiparis set up his camp here is because it is close to the mountains and can easily cut down trees to build camps and siege equipment.

Also on this day, under the instructions of the Ministry of Military Affairs, the commander of the Tenth Legion, Melisander, led the remaining four heavy infantry brigades to leave Asculum and march north to the city of Aecae (aecae). Six heavy infantry brigades of the 11th Corps met.

ˆ Capps, acting commander of the 11th Army Corps, was appointed by the Ministry of Military Affairs as the temporary commander of this army and was actively making careful preparations for the next military operation.

………………………………… “There's so much noise outside, what happened?” Stolo's wife Konya asked the slave girl who had just entered the house.

"Mistress, they are all saying, 'Tustron surrendered to Dionia...'" The Sabine slave girl lowered her head, not daring to let her master see the uncontrollable joy displayed on her face. , since the Stolo couple are confined to their homes these days, it is this slave girl who goes out to the square to collect food and inquire about information. She has learned from others that the status of slaves in the Kingdom of Dionia is better than that in Rome. If there are more, it is easier to gain freedom, so of course she hopes that Dionia will win this war in her heart, so that Rome will be completely under the rule of Dionia.

"Tustron descended?! How is this possible?!" Konya felt unbelievable, because in her impression, since the city of Alba Longa was destroyed by Rome, Tustron, which also had a long history, , because it is located next to Lake Alba Longa, has repeatedly attempted to take over the Holy Latin Mountain as its own, and often calls itself the "center of the Latins", so she feels that this proud city-state should strive for the glory of the Latins. But Despite resisting to the end, I didn't expect that it would surrender obediently without fighting a single battle.

Stolo sighed softly on the side: "Ever since the Dionians captured the city of Gabi, killing all the warriors who resisted tenaciously, and turning all other captured people into slaves, this cruel approach must have frightened them. The surrounding city-states, Labikum, Pedum, Artena... surrendered one after another, and even Tibur, who was very powerful in the northern region, surrendered to the Dionians.

Now, tens of thousands of Dionian soldiers are approaching the city of Tustron, and the hostages that Tustron originally sent to the Roman city are now in the hands of the Dionians (these hostages once fled to Kapi with the Roman nobles) Torin Mountain, and later mixed with thousands of noble family members and were sent down the mountain), how could they not surrender..."

After listening, Konya asked in a low voice with a trembling voice: "So many Latin city-states have surrendered, next...should the Dionians attack Vilitre, Satnicum, Antium?! The Roman army led by Camillus and Titus...can...can they repel them?"

Stolo was silent. Through this period of understanding, he knew that the Dionysian attacks were always carefully planned and cunning, but they were as violent as a storm and unstoppable! This is how the city of Rome was captured! The capture of Weiai and Keslera was like this! The capture of Phedena and Lomentum was like this! This is especially true for defeating the Roman coalition! It took less than ten days from the capture of Gabi City to the surrender of Tustron today, and it took less than two months for the Dionysian army to land on the coast of Latium until today, and it already owned most of Latin America. In the Mu region, such a terrifying conquest ability gave the Roman army, which had been losing consecutive battles, no chance to rest and recuperate. With their morale declining and their troops insufficient, could they really turn defeat into victory even if they were led by Camillus? !
After watching the progress of the war for so long, and after many sleepless nights of tossing and turning, Stolo had already despaired of this. He also discovered that the key to the Dionysian army's ability to quickly conquer Latium was that they and the Celts Completely different, they have a strong ability to assimilate. Listen to the cheers outside the house. The Roman civilians have completely forgotten their past origins and regard themselves as members of the Kingdom of Dionia... Alas! … Stolo's silence made Konya understand. In fact, her observations over the past few days also gave her a vague answer. When her concerns were confirmed, she stopped yelling, but her hands couldn't help tightening. Rubbing the corners of his clothes, his eyebrows furrowed and his expression changed.

Suddenly, she grabbed her husband's hand and said eagerly but fearfully: "Stolo...how about...you also join Dionia?"

Stolo was shocked when he heard this. Before he could answer, Konya seemed to be inspired all of a sudden. She grabbed his hand and said anxiously: "Yes, join the Kingdom of Dionia! Only in this way can we Get your father out of the danger of being defeated and captured! Only then will it be possible to convince my father to come down and surrender! Only then will it be possible to convince my sister and brother-in-law to surrender!... Although we may not all live in Rome in the future, at least they... They will not be killed or enslaved..."

ˆ Stolo listened to his wife's worried words and pleas, and couldn't help but hold her trembling body tightly in his arms. This time he was really tempted...

………………………………………… Today, the reason why the people in Rome are so excited is not only because the Dionysian army has won one victory after another, which makes them more certain: Dionysia's rule in the Latium region is becoming more and more stable, and the Roman nobles It was almost impossible to regain control of Rome, and their newfound lands and rights could never be taken away again.

Moreover, they also knew that this army, which had been fighting for more than ten days, was about to return to the city of Rome, including 6,000 Roman soldiers. Although it was a tough battle to storm the city of Gabi, it was followed by continuous marches and surrenders. The casualties of the soldiers were not large, but in this chaotic situation, the Roman people wanted to see their relatives alive and well.

At almost noon, nearly 30,000 Dionian soldiers led by Printers arrived in the city of Rome. King Davos personally led the officials of the Roman city out of the city to greet them, and announced: "In order to commend the soldiers for their service to the kingdom, For their great achievements, a grand banquet will be held for them at noon! And after the banquet, a rugby corps match will be held!"

When the soldiers heard the news, the fatigue and running around for several days suddenly disappeared without a trace, and they burst into deafening cheers.

Since the establishment of Dionia, this is the first time a banquet has been held to celebrate during the war. Davos mainly considered that: for the first time, such a large number of Dionia legionnaires stayed away from home and continued to fight on a foreign land. After such a long period of large-scale combat, they were both physically and mentally exhausted, and they needed to be given a chance to relax.

And now that the situation in the entire Latium region is gradually becoming clearer, and the order in the city of Rome has become more stable, Daves dares to make such a decision.

Over the past month or so, the Dionian army has successively captured cities, forced the city-state to surrender, and seized a large amount of food, livestock, and property. It is certainly not a problem to prepare a banquet.

But in fact, there is no need to consume a lot of grains. Davos's chef served as the chef of the entire banquet, and the dishes carefully prepared for each soldier were quite rich: a steaming can of mutton soup, a piece of fried meat with fragrant meat. Beef, a piece of grilled river fish smoked with herbs, a handful of cabbage cleaned and ready for dipping, a small cup of cooked chickpeas, a handful of olives and nuts, a piece of baked honey bread, and of course a jar Watered wine… In order to prepare for this grand banquet, more than 500 fat sheep and nearly a hundred cattle were slaughtered in the city of Rome. In the past two days, the soldiers stationed in the city used fishing nets to fish out thousands of kilograms of fish from the Tiber River...

The soldiers of each legion enjoyed delicious food in their own military camps. The 6,000 Roman reserve soldiers did not have their own military camps. After obtaining the consent of Davos, Sextus led them to Mars Square in the northeast of the city of Rome. Dining.

The Roman City Hall borrowed the kitchens of nearly a hundred civilian families on the Palatine Hill and hired their chefs to prepare dishes under the guidance of Chef Davos. The baggage camps of each legion successively sent personnel to queue up to the Palatine in order. Tiny Mountain came to collect the food.

Long dragons extend from the Palatine Hill to all directions of the city. The scene is very spectacular.

King Davos took Crotokatax, escorted by the escort, to the military camps of each legion in turn to attend the celebration banquet. Every time he arrived at a military camp, he would hold a wine glass, walk among the soldiers, and talk cordially with them. At the same time, he would ask Crotocatakos to take his place and toast to the outstanding officers and soldiers as a token of encouragement.

It was only then that all the legionnaires truly knew that the taciturn young man who often stood behind the king, the young man who led the onslaught at the last moments of the sieges of Phedena and Gaby, was not the officer of the palace guard. , but the prince of the Kingdom of Dionia!
The soldiers were surprised, but they were also very fond of this gentle young man, and they toasted to him one after another. Crotokatax also welcomed all comers. By the time they walked through each military camp, he was already swaying while walking and talking drunkenly. Again and again.

Davos had no choice but to let the guards help him back to his room to rest.

Finally, Davos and his party arrived at Mars Square, and Sextus led the officers to welcome the arrival of King Davos.

As a result, Davos proposed to stay and dine with these Roman civilian soldiers who had just joined the Kingdom of Dionia.

Not only the team officers, but even Sextus, who was relatively familiar with Davos, was surprised. Before he could find a reason to refuse, Davos walked straight to the soldiers and sat down without hesitation. on the grass.

Thanks to Sniper No. 11 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 867 Rome Rugby MatchThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 867 Roman Rugby Game-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Martius brought him a portion of food, and he began to eat the food and chat with the soldiers through an interpreter.

This was the first time for Roman civilians to dine with a king. Not only did this king hold a lot of power, but he was also rumored to be a descendant of a Greek god, so they were both curious and nervous. However, they saw that this king had no pretensions and had a very unusual attitude. After gently chatting with them about their parents' personal problems, everyone gradually let go of their restraints and boldly talked to Davos about some of the problems they were facing now, and Davos responded patiently one by one, so Soldiers kept coming, which made the guards even busier, but the atmosphere became more and more lively.

At the end of the banquet, Davers asked: "There will be a football game next. What preparations do you have for it?"

The soldiers responded in a variety of ways, all expressing roughly the same meaning: Although they also wanted to participate, they did not understand the sport at all and were afraid of making a fool of themselves in the competition.

Davos told them with a smile: "In the Kingdom of Dionia, rugby is very popular among citizens. The competition is fierce and exciting, and can show the players' strength, speed, intelligence, and overall tactical cooperation. I believe that after you come into contact with it, You will also fall in love with it very quickly."

Davos continued to surprise them. He said: "This sport was inspired by Hades in my dream and then taught it to the Dionian soldiers, so don't worry, I will teach you soon." Learn how to play rugby , and I will personally take you to the game..."

The soldiers were very excited after hearing this and actively asked to participate. Bursts of laughter erupted from time to time in Marseille Square.

Considering that there are ten teams participating in the afternoon rugby match, they are the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th legions, the 1st and 2nd cavalry legions, the Lucanian reserve legion, and the Roman reserve team, the game The venues are held in the Colosseum and the Place de Mars, and three competition venues have been opened up in the vast Place de Mars.

In addition to the soldiers who need to be stationed at the city head and ready to defend against foreign enemies at any time, the soldiers sent out to scout the enemy's situation around Rome, and the soldiers who patrol the streets and maintain order, there are not only soldiers from various legions, but also Dionia who come to Rome for trade. Businessmen and entourage flocked to the stadium to watch the game, which also attracted some people from Rome and surrounding towns such as Viai and Fidenae.

In addition to drama and sports competitions, the entertainment that the Romans could watch in the past was gladiator competitions. This was a cruel entertainment that the Romans learned from the Etruscans. Through the killing of slaves in the arena, they gave people The audience brings bloody sensory stimulation. Especially in the past ten years, with the increase in wars and the increase in prisoners, the number of gladiator competitions in Rome has gradually increased.

It was their first time to watch a rugby match in Dionysia. The large-scale game scene and fierce physical confrontation first attracted their attention. It didn't take long for them to discover the overall coordination of offense and defense between the two teams. It was also very interesting to fight wits and courage in the fast movement. All these made them feel The profoundness and fun of this sport are revealed; every time the referee blows the whistle and calls a penalty, the coach on the sidelines changes players and formations in a timely manner, and every player comes off the field and claps to the sidelines, they also realize the importance of this sport. Rigorous, formal, and elegant.

So, the complicated rules of the game did not give the Roman people a headache. Instead, they made these Romans who were accustomed to making laws and abiding by the laws to ponder the mysteries more carefully. After a few games, they, like other legionnaire spectators, applauded every offensive score by the players on the field and sighed for every mistake...

Divers really fulfilled his promise and personally took the Roma players to the game.

The spectators on the sidelines immediately let out exclamations and cheers, but the players of the second legion who were the opponents were a little unhappy.

As the coach, the commander of the Second Army, Matonis, immediately came over to protest.

But Daves said: "These Roman soldiers have never been exposed to rugby before. This is the first time they play against you. If I don't play, you will win easily and it will be unfair to other legions.. ."

At Davos's insistence, the members of the Second Legion had no choice but to accept.

Of course, Davers is the quarterback because he can lead the team in this way. Although he is 40 years old, he insists on exercising every day and has good physical fitness. Moreover, the members of the second legion have changed when facing the king they usually admire. He had to be a little timid and did not engage in fierce confrontation with him, allowing Davers to organize the offense more easily.

The news that "King Davos is playing" soon spread throughout the legions. This is a rare sight in more than ten years! Soldiers flocked to the stadium one after another, three floors away and three outside, surrounding the stadium. Every catch and throw by Davers would cause thunderous cheers from the outside, which also gave the Second Legion It caused a lot of psychological pressure on the team members.

Under his command, the Roma players gradually began to play decently and even scored a touchdown. Coupled with the Romans' natural tenacity and tenacious defense, the score never opened.

This made the members of the Second Army a little anxious, their movements became louder, and the confrontation became fierce.

Under such circumstances, Davos began to receive heavy attention, and was even knocked to the ground by a stunned opponent on one occasion.

The spectators outside the field screamed, and Matonis and the players were so frightened that they hurried over to offer condolences.

Davos got up, shook his head, tried his best to smile, and then comforted the bewildered perpetrator, telling him in a gentle tone: "I'm fine, this is how football should be played!"

This heartwarming scene once again made the audience on the sidelines burst into warm applause.

After the game restarted, Matonis had an idea and shouted to the bench: "Adoris! Adoris!"

Wearing a simple competition uniform, Adoris immediately ran to Matonis and said excitedly: "Legion Commander, it's my turn to play?!"

"Yes." Matonis said with certainty: "After you come on the field, serve as central defense and completely defend the opponent's quarterback for me!"

“Ah? Defend me...father!” Adoris was dumbfounded.

"There is no other way. No one else dares to seriously defend His Majesty. Only you can!" Matonis shrugged helplessly, then looked at him and said in a deep voice: "Listen, kid, we can't lose here. Beginners - Romans, otherwise the Second Legion will become a joke to all the legions in Dionia, as a Second Legion soldier, do you want this?!"

“No!” Adoris replied without hesitation.

“Very good, go out and defend!” Matonis encouraged him loudly and pushed him onto the court.

The next step was the attack of the Roma reserve team. After the two sides were in position, Davers saw Adoris standing opposite his teammates in front and was slightly taken aback: "Adoris, you are on the field."

"Father, I...I won't let you pass the ball easily again!" Adoris said slightly nervously.

Davos raised his eyebrows: "Oh, let's try it."

Adoris did not have as many scruples as other teammates. Although he was a little cautious at first, he gradually relaxed his hands and feet, and there was no scene of father and son chasing each other, which caused the soldiers outside the field to laugh.

The Roman people who didn't know the reason also laughed after asking about the reason.

As a result, there was fierce fighting on the court and constant laughter off the court.

Of course, once the players of the second legion were serious and quarterback Davers was restricted, the Roman soldiers, who were novices, were naturally no match. However, when the game was over, many players walked off the field reluctantly. Just this One game made them fall in love with this sport.

When King Davos came off the field, the audience on the sidelines chanted for him to continue playing. Davos smiled and waved to the audience around him to express his gratitude.

Due to time constraints, after the first round of eliminations, the second round begins immediately. Each legion has thousands of soldiers, all of whom can play rugby and can be rotated at any time. There will be no shortage of players at all, and there is no need to rest. In the end, The final is the first army vs the second army.

The two top legions in the kingdom not only compete in the military, but also often compete with each other in other aspects. Naturally, they tried their best in this game, so the game was quite fierce, and so did the spectators on the sidelines. They looked very nervous and couldn't help but cheer for both sides.

An interesting scene appeared again in the game: Matonis once again used his trump card, sending Adoris to specifically attack Patroclus, the quarterback of the first legion.

This scene of brother-in-law versus brother-in-law was staged again, adding a bit of fun to the tense game. Davos also laughed happily off the court.

It happened to be a crucial tackle from Adoris that led to Patroclus' drop ball, allowing the Second Army to narrowly win the championship by one point.

By the end of the game, it was almost dusk, but the lively atmosphere in the city had not dissipated.

The soldiers of each legion were still discussing the mistakes and regrets in the game fiercely. The Roman soldiers and the people were still recalling the joy and excitement that the rugby game had brought to them. Of course, King Davos was also in the conversation. They all Unexpectedly, the normally aloof King of Dionia would be so approachable and able to mingle with ordinary people. He was closer to the people than the Roman senators who claimed to be the "father of the people". This made them favor the Kingdom of Dionia even more. layer.

………………………………………… "Father! I'm sorry, I'm late!" Crotokatax hurried into the living room and said apologetically, because his voice was still a little hoarse because he had just sobered up.

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 868 Family BanquetThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 868 Family Banquet-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui "Sit down quickly, everyone has been waiting for you for a long time." Davos, who was sitting at the top, looked at him with concern, and then said in a gentle tone: "Now you know the disadvantages of alcoholism, you should drink in moderation in the future. .” "It's too uncomfortable to be drunk. I will try not to drink in the future." This was the first time Crotokatakes was drunk. He touched his still dizzy head and responded in a low voice.

"You just need to drink less, but it's impossible not to drink, otherwise you won't be able to get along better with the soldiers." A voice sounded next to him.

Crotokatax turned his head hurriedly and shouted kindly: "Brother! Thank you for the reminder!" Then he turned to the other side and nodded in greeting: "Hello, brother-in-law!"

Patroclus smiled and nodded, and gave a friendly suggestion: "I also felt very uncomfortable when I was drunk for the first time. My team officer at that time got me honey water to drink, and I felt much better soon."

"Honey water? I'll try it later." Clotokatax expressed his thanks and sat down next to Adoris.

Davos made a gesture to the servant standing aside, and soon the dinner was placed on the table.

Davos smiled, his eyes slowly swept over Adoris, Clotokatax, and Patroclus, and said in a calm tone: "There is an old saying in the East called 'Father and son go into battle.' It is said that when fathers and sons go to war at the same time, they are often very united and can win the battle. This time on the expedition to Latium, all the adult men in our family were present... I am very ashamed. It has been almost two months since I arrived here, because During this time, the war is tense and government affairs are busy. In addition, in order to avoid suspicion, I did not pay more attention to you. Today is a rare opportunity, so I asked the three of you to come over tonight. Our family will gather together to have a good meal and drink. ,say something.

I'm very happy. The battles were so frequent and fierce, but none of you were seriously injured. This is the greatest luck! So for this first glass of wine, we want to thank Hades for blessing us! "

Speaking, Davos raised his wine glass.

Adoris and Patroclus also raised their glasses one after another, but Clotocathax was a little hesitant.

“Cloteau, just drink honey water after you sober up.” Davos said.

His words made Crotokatax change his mind. He asked his servant to add more water to the wine, and then poured a glass.

The four of them drank the cup after silently praying to Hades.

“Your Majesty!” Patroclus put down his glass, filled it up again, and said, “I should——” "Uh!" Davos corrected solemnly: "I said this was a party at our house, why do you still call me that! What should you call me like Cynthia?"

ˆ Patroclus hesitated for a moment, and then respectfully shouted: "Father!".

“Yeah!” Davos responded with a smile.

"I called the wrong one, should I be punished with a drink first?" Adoris looked at Patroclus with bright eyes.

Patroclus drank it all in one gulp, and then turned the empty glass to Adoris.

To be honest, although Patroclus is Adoris's brother-in-law, they have never had dinner together. Patroclus' straightforwardness and forthrightness immediately matched Adoris's temper, and he immediately responded with a drink.

"Haha, Paltrow, Cynthia is my eldest daughter. She has helped us take care of other children since she was a child, so they all admire Cynthia. If you marry her, Adoris and the others will all feel a little resentful!" ; Davos I deliberately said this in a joking tone.

ˆˆ Adoris touched his nose in embarrassment, and Clotokatax was slightly shocked. However, more than two years had passed, and he had accepted this fact and forgotten the feelings in his heart.

Patroclus smiled, filled the wine glass again, and said: "Father...Father, what I just wanted to say is...the helmet that Clotho gave me was very protective, and it once saved my life. When I was defending the city of Ostia, I was fighting with the enemy. An arrow hit the side of my helmet. The helmet withstood the impact of the arrow very well. It did not cause me to feel dizzy, but provided opportunities for the enemies in front of me.…” Patroclus rubbed his head, recalling the dangerous situation at that time, and said with lingering fear: "So, I have to toast you, Clotho, thank you very much! You saved my life!"

Patroclus stood up and raised his glass to Clotocathax sincerely.

Clotokatax stood up in a hurry and said: "What my father just said was wrong. We did not blame you for marrying your sister. Instead, we thanked your sister for bringing us such a good brother-in-law! Now we are a family. , we should help each other! On the contrary, according to the tradition of Dionia, I should toast you brother-in-law first! "

Davos was very satisfied that Clotokatax was able to overcome the previous emotional entanglement and behaved so generously and appropriately. He watched with pleasure as the two clinked glasses and drank, and patted the table happily: "Yes, yes, this They are a family!"

Then, Davos picked up another glass of wine and said loudly: "This second glass of wine is to thank you for your outstanding performance in this war! Paltrow, as the captain of the First Army, you are rescuing Wolsey , attack the city of Rome, defend Ostia... In these difficult battles, you were calm-headed and commanded well. You took the lead in critical moments and boosted morale. You performed very well. I am proud of you!

Adoris, in the battles to intercept Roman reinforcements and capture Phedena and Gaby, you not only performed very bravely, but also led your squad well, so you were promoted to squad leader, which is not what Matonis expected. I am trying to please you because you are my son, but you have earned it through your own performance. I am proud of you!
Clotto, you have just turned 18 and it is your first time on the battlefield. I originally just wanted you to feel the atmosphere of the battlefield and did not intend for you to fight the enemy alone. However, you have taken the initiative to fight many times and participated in the blocking. Roman reinforcements, the defense of Ostia, the capture of Fidenae and Gabi, especially when you stormed Gabi. At the most critical moment, you bravely led the palace guards to the city, laying the groundwork for the capture of Gabi. Damn it, you are already an excellent warrior, I am proud of you!

So this glass of wine is dedicated to the three outstanding young people in our family. You have brought glory to the royal family with your outstanding performance. I thank you! "

Davos stood up, raised his glass to the three of them with a sincere expression, and then drank it all.

Chlotocathacus, Adoris, and Patroclus were all in high spirits after hearing what Davos said. After smiling at each other, they all raised their glasses to return the favor to Davos.

Davos filled up the wine again, looked at them, and said seriously: "This last glass of wine... To our relatives! We are fighting in the front, and they are worried in the rear! Adoris, Clotho, you two A mother sends a letter every day, and most of the content in it is about the situation of the two of you in Latium. What did you eat today? Did you participate in the battle? Were you injured in the battle?... In order To reassure them, I have to spend energy every day writing nice words to comfort them.

The same goes for Paltrow. The letters Cynthia writes to you every day are forwarded by me. I think they must be full of concern for you... So you must remember that the reason why we fight is for our homeland. Please don't be too obsessed with fighting and forget about your loved ones who are worried about you at the rear! "

The expressions of the three people who were high-spirited just now turned solemn in an instant. Patroclus thought of his wife who loved him deeply and was still pregnant, and Clotocatacus thought of his doting mother Agnes and her stern appearance. , Krystoya's mother, who was actually caring, and Adoris thought of Krystoya's mother, who had always cared for him very much, and his sister who had taken care of him since he was a child. The three of them all silently picked up their wine glasses, and then spoke with emotion. Drink it all in one gulp.

There was silence in the living room for a while, and then Davos said: "Okay, we have finished the three glasses of wine, and then we can eat and chat casually. Clotto, you have a stomachache, so I made some wheat for you." Porridge, drink some first."

The servant had already brought the steaming rice porridge to Crotokatax's desk. He took a spoonful and drank it slowly.

The dinner prepared for them in the evening was boiled beef and mutton, because Davos thought it would be more lively for the family to eat this, but Patroclus and Adoris had already eaten a lot at the noon banquet, so their appetites were not very strong. After just a few simple bites, Adoris couldn't help but ask: "Father, should we attack the Roman army hiding in the colonial city southwest of Latium?"

"Yes." Davos confirmed his question and said clearly: "Rome is a bad wolf. We should step up our attack while it is injured and never give it a chance to recover to prevent it from biting us again. , so I have decided to personally lead the army tomorrow to attack the Roman colonial cities in the southwest and other Latin city-states that have not yet surrendered."

“Will our legion also participate?” Adoris asked hurriedly.

"The Second Legion will accompany me on the expedition." After Davos finished speaking, he looked at Patroclus: "The First Legion will temporarily stay in the city of Rome and work with the Lucania Reserve Army to help the administrator Assistor Here, maintain order and stability in the city of Rome. At the same time, you must send the injured soldiers back to Thurii, and the reserve soldiers of Thurii will also come to Rome to make up for the vacancies in your first legion.

When the first legion is reorganized, the second legion will rush back to the city of Rome to switch defenses with you... In this way, I hope to restore the full combat effectiveness of each legion as soon as possible while destroying the Roman army, because we have sufficient manpower, and now we have Sufficient military ration reserves. "

Thanks to Sniper No. 11 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 869 Carthage welcomes MagoThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 869 Carthage welcomes Mago-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui “Father, is it because the war situation in the south has changed?” Patroclus asked hurriedly.

Davos was satisfied with his keen war instincts. An excellent senior team officer should be like this. His vision should not only focus on one battle, but should overlook the overall situation. He looked at the other two people again, and he, Adoris and Crotokatax, also cast concerned glances. They had been fighting in Latium and had almost no access to outside information. Davos felt that there was It is necessary to let them know the situation on other battlefields.

"Since Alexis defeated the Samnite coalition twice at Asculum and Venosa, the Samnite people no longer attacked the kingdom's territory, but instead aggressively attacked the Campanian League and captured Pangolin. Bay, Herculaneum, Tessala and other city-states, and finally besieged Naples— —"

“Isn't the Campania League in danger of collapse? Have we sent troops to rescue?” Clotokatax asked in surprise.

Davos smiled and said: "Before attacking the Campania Alliance, another thing happened. Chief Cavutini trapped and killed the leader of Naconia, Quinduk, who had always remained neutral, and captured Naco. In the territory of Dionia, his actions obviously stimulated Gharni of Abenirum. Not only did he decide to make Abenirum a free city of Dionia, but he would also assist us in attacking Samnite. Tribal alliance. Therefore, the Ministry of Military Affairs formulated a new combat plan, allowing Alexis to lead the army to attack the Samnite Mountains from the east——"

"Father, I remember that you repeatedly reminded the Ministry of Military Affairs not to allow the army to attack the Samnite Mountains!" Clotokatax exclaimed. He was a little worried about Hilos and Felicius from the Ministry of Military Affairs. Adults who make Arbitrary decisions will be scolded by their father.

"Yes, I have made such an order before." Davos looked calm and said: "But now the situation has changed. The Ministry of Military Affairs secretly ordered Potentia to summon soldiers and quietly communicate with Abenirum. They were familiar with the Samnite Mountains and were good at mountain warfare. The Samnite originally wanted to lure us into attacking the mountains, but instead we set up an ambush in Aquilonia and completely defeated their troops hidden in the mountains. A main force!
Now, Alexis leads a coalition of nearly 20,000 people to attack Beneventum directly. The Samnite coalition that besieged Naples must withdraw its siege and retreat. In this way, we have the initiative to fight the Samnite people, whether it is confronting the Samnite army at Beneventum, or joining forces with the Campanian allies to attack the Samnite army on the eastern plain. The town of Nai, or our remaining troops in the Dauni area can take advantage of the great opportunity of the enemy's main force being contained to continue attacking other towns in the Samnai Mountains..."

"So, the war with the Samnites no longer requires our help." Adoris' tone was a bit disappointed, and he immediately asked: "Father, what is the situation in Sicily?"

Davos's face turned pale and he said slowly: "Since Plesius defeated the Carthaginian army in Minoa, our Sicilian fleet and the Carthaginian fleet soon had a battle on the sea near Selinus. The result of the war... a huge storm at sea destroyed almost all the warships of both the enemy and ours. Flarios drowned, there is still no news from Cyklian, and more than 10,000 sailors died——"

"What?!" The three people showed shocked expressions. They never expected that while they were still fighting bloody battles in the north, such tragic losses would occur in the southern seas!

Davos continued: "The Fourth Fleet has been transferred to Sicily, and we still have the advantage at sea. Alexis led the team to capture Selinus, and the remaining Carthaginian forces held on to several important positions. The towns did not dare to attack , so Alexis sent troops to plunder and destroy the Carthaginian ruled areas in Sicily in order to achieve the purpose of active defense.

However, the disastrous defeat of the Carthaginian army caused Mago, the Iberian governor of Carthage, to become the new commander-in-chief of the Carthaginian army. Now the entire African coast and Iberia are gathering soldiers and forming armies to prepare for landing in Sicily. A new war is about to begin! We must get rid of the Romans and Samnites as soon as possible, and rush south to fight our biggest enemy Carthage to the death! "

Davos's words not only made the three young people feel the urgency of the situation, but also made them feel excited.

………………………………… On the day when Davos held a grand banquet, held games, and rewarded soldiers in the city of Rome, he welcomed a huge fleet of Iberian troops at the port of Utica.

Utica, a Phoenician city-state second only to Carthage in town size on the African continent, is located on the seaside about 110 miles west of Carthage.

Mago's ship docked first, and he walked onto the pier dressed in military uniform. The senators headed by Preeta Kuba immediately came forward and said, "Master Mago, welcome back!"

Mago gave Pretakuba a warm hug and said emotionally: "Thank you for your hard work, Pretakuba! It's all thanks to you in the past few years that I've been away! Thanks to you!.. ."

Preeta Kuba patted his thick shoulder and said excitedly: "It will be good if you come back. Once you come back, we will have hope!..."

Then Mago greeted the other Magonid elders warmly.

“Master Mago, welcome! You have finally led your army!” An old man with white beard and hair came forward to greet him.

"Dear Lord Ace Yaruba!" Facing the leader of the Neutral Faction, whose reputation in the Senate was second only to Hanno's, Mago still bowed to Ace Yaruba and said with a solemn expression: "Carthage It is in danger, and as a descendant of the founder of this city, how can I just sit back and let it go?"

"I'm glad you can think this way and do this. This is exactly what all Carthage citizens expect of you!" Aisyaruba said seriously.

"Everyone?!" Mago sneered, pointed at the senators who came to greet him, and said, "Isn't this wrong? At least some people who haven't come here don't think so."

"These senators who did not come have gathered more than 60,000 soldiers for you, and are still raising a huge amount of food and grass for you to supply this army, and are still urging the shipyards and other allies to speed up the construction of warships... So don't They are excessively suspicious of their compatriots, and they are also making their own efforts for the future of Carthage!" Esiyaruba said with a serious heart.

This made Mago hesitate to speak. He thought for a while and his tone became gentler: "Unlike the natives of Syracuse, Numbia, and Iberia, the Dionians are our real This is a powerful enemy that requires all our efforts to defeat it! Therefore, I will try my best to maintain the unity of Carthage, and I also hope that Lord Aceyaroba can play a greater role in this regard!"

"Don't worry, the previous disastrous defeat has taught us a lesson. Hanno, me, and other senators all hope that you can win, because if you fail, it will mean disaster for Carthage! We will do our best to support you , until the Dionians are driven out of Sicily and force their king to choose humiliating peace talks!" Ace Yaroba promised.

Mago expressed his gratitude for this, and then he turned to look at the port, waiting for his generals to assemble the soldiers who came ashore and lead them out of the city of Utica.

Among the more than 20,000 soldiers led by Mago, there were not many Carthaginians and Phoenicians. They had the same composition as the army led by Hasdrubal before. Most of them were mercenaries. They were closely related to the Carthaginians, The different looks and different costumes of the Phoenicians not only attracted curious onlookers from the Utica people, but also made comments about it from the senators who came to greet them.

At this time, several more boats docked, and what got off the boats were a group of strong, bare-chested men wearing striped plaid trousers. They were all tall and unusually tall, with strong muscles, thick hair, and weird tattoos embroidered on their bodies. With his short unkempt hair, unkempt beard, and ferocious face, the people at the port screamed in surprise as soon as he landed.

This made them seem to be stimulated. They slapped the long shield in their right hand with the long sword in their left hand, and roared "woo woo" in their mouths. Their appearance became even more ferocious, which actually scared most of the Uticans who were watching. Turning around and running away, the scene was a little chaotic for a while. Fortunately, their leader stopped them in time, but this did not guarantee that they could line up peacefully at the port.

“A group of terrifying barbarians! Are they also from Iberia?” Esiyaruba also asked in surprise.

"The Celts in the mountains of northern Iberia were not afraid of death when fighting, and other indigenous people in Iberia were afraid of them. It happened to be during this time that a flash flood occurred in their area, and all their livestock and food were washed away. Go, facing famine, I exchanged thousands of cattle and sheep for their help. I believe that with them, our war against Dionia will be smoother!" Mago said confidently.

"I hope so. However, this is also the reason why the Senate did not allow your army to land at the port of Carthage. I hope you can manage your army well and not cause any trouble here and let the people treat you It will create a bad impression." Ace Yaroba reminded solemnly.

Mago once again expressed his gratitude to Esiyaruba for his kind reminder.

After all the soldiers came ashore, Mago's men gathered them, took them away from the city of Utica, and began to camp outside the city, while Mago followed the senators to Carthage.

In the past ten years, although Mago has been living in southern Iberia for a long time, he has returned to the city of Carthage many times, but he never expected to encounter a situation like today: almost the entire city's people ran out , crowded on both sides of the road. As soon as he entered the city, thunderous cheers rang out from all around. The people shouted his name and threw petals at him...

Thanks to Sniper No. 11 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 870 Time limit for defeating the enemyThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 870 Deadline for Defeating the Enemy-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Have Mago ever been treated like this? He was almost startled, and then looked at Pretaku next to him in confusion.

Preeta Kuba looked at him and said meaningfully: "Sir, this is not our instruction, but the heartfelt cheers of the people! Since the outbreak of the war, we have suffered a disastrous defeat, and the Dionia army is ravaging In our land in Sicily, Dionian warships attack our merchant ships sailing to the west of Sicily for trade from time to time. The people of the Sicilian colony are displaced, and trade has declined sharply... They are now deeply aware that Carthage needs a Heroes come to defeat powerful enemies and restore prosperity to Carthage!"

“I understand, I will let them see it!” Mago looked solemn, raised his right hand, and waved vigorously to the audience around him.

The cheers became even more enthusiastic.

“Look, the king of Iberia is here, making himself look like a hero!” Okriton said sarcastically as he looked at the troublemaker who was surrounded by the people and walked towards the Senate.

“Hero?! Then we have to wait until he defeats the Dionysians!” Tai Panlaco sneered.

"He himself brought more than 20,000 troops, and another 60,000 troops were prepared for him here. There are also 30,000 to 40,000 troops in Sicily, a total of 110,000 to 20,000 strong troops. This is the most powerful force in the history of Carthage . Army! Whoever becomes the commander of this army will probably win easily!" Another elder said disdainfully.

The senators at the door of the Senate were talking quietly. Hanno, who was standing at the front, looked calm. Although he said nothing, there were waves in his heart: He had spent more than ten years of hard work to eliminate Magonid. His family's influence on Carthage, even though he drove his immediate family out of Carthage, he was always wary of Mago. Listen to the cheers of the whole city, doesn't it mean that the Magonides family still has great influence in Carthage! The reason why the people of Carthage were so vocal was precisely because they were worried about the war in Sicily. If he had a capable general in his hands, how could the situation in the city become like this?
Looking at Mago approaching him, Hanno felt annoyed and jealous, but his expression remained calm because he could not leave a bad impression on the people: he was the culprit who hindered Mago from leading the battle.

"Welcome, Lord Mago!" Hannuo praised loudly with a smile on his face: "You are here, and there is hope for our war with Dionia! Therefore, we have gathered enough citizens for you Soldier, I have prepared enough food just to hear the news of your victory as soon as possible!"

Mago listened to his words of praise and looked at the seemingly sincere smile on his face, but felt sick in his heart. He couldn't help but said: "Carthage is in danger. If it weren't for the obstruction of some people, I would have been there long ago. " It's time to come!"

∼Hannuo seemed unaware, his smile remained unchanged, and he made a gesture to invite entry.

ˆˆ Mago entered the Senate with his head held high.

Occreton approached Hanno, wanting to say something angrily.

Hanno stopped him with a look.

………………………………………… In the venue, Mago gave a speech to the senators. He briefly described the dangerous situation currently facing Carthage with a serious expression, and thanked the senators for their trust in him. Finally, he made an impassioned promise: He will do his best. , reverse the current unfavorable situation, defeat the Dionia army, drive Dionia's forces out of Sicily, and at the same time force Dionia not to invade Carthage's ally Rome, forcing Dionia to a greater extent Open up its domestic trade to Carthage merchants and force it to reduce the size of its navy that threatens Carthage...

What Mago said was exactly what the senators wanted, so everyone responded with warm applause.

At this time, Okriton stood up while applauding, and said coldly: "A very exciting speech! But a few months ago, Monte Adeno also said the same, but what about the result!"

A can of cold water was thrown at Margo, who was in the midst of excitement. He was even more angry that the other party actually compared himself with that incompetent person. He was furious and immediately refuted loudly: "That idiot Monte Adeno, He was originally incapable of commanding this war. If it weren't for the persistence of some people, he would never have been able to serve as commander. As a result, he regarded the war as a child's play and suffered a disastrous defeat, causing Carthage to suffer huge losses. Should this accountability be investigated to the end? ?!” ˆ Hanno raised his eyebrows.

Okriton laughed and said: "Is Monte Adeno an incompetent person?! This is really funny. He has been fighting in Numbia for many years and has never suffered a defeat. He has won a large area of ​​​​land for Carthage. This His achievements are no less than what you did in Iberia, which is why the senators unanimously elected him as commander-in-chief! Even so, after suffering a failure, he was severely punished. If the Senate made If there is a problem with this punishment, then I would like to ask Lord Hanno about the losses Sicily suffered after Hilmicus and you were defeated by Dionysius more than ten years ago, resulting in the death of about half of the citizens of Carthage. A much bigger failure than Monte Adeno, but have you ever been punished like Monte Adeno?! Is that fair?!” “You're talking nonsense!!” The scars from the past were revealed, and Mago was extremely angry and immediately cursed.

Hanno had an undetectable smile on his face.

Preta Kuba immediately stood up and shouted: "Master Okriton, now the army has gathered and is about to fight the Dionians, which will determine the fate of our Carthage! But you said these words at this time, I don't know what it means to disturb the morale of the army?!” "Don't scare me, Preta Kubada. I had no other intention. I just wanted to ask Mr. Mago, but before I finished asking, I didn't expect him to react so violently." Okriton shrugged. With an innocent look, he continued: "What I just wanted to say is that everyone can say good things, but to implement it in action, it is not easy for us to summon so many citizens to go out to fight! And to give this huge army It is even more difficult for the army to raise enough military food supplies! Our treasury, our taxes, the gold and silver we mined... are all invested in this war, and we cannot support this war to continue for a long time, so I I would like to ask, Mr. Mago, can you give us a specific deadline to fulfill the promise you just made?"

Marco was stunned.

Okriton's words were recognized by many senators. After all, Mago and Hanno had been arguing for more than a month, which could be said to have delayed the opportunity to fight. Now that he has a large army, if he still delays, the senators should Caught blind.

Even Esiyaruba took the initiative to stand up and said: "Master Mago, what Okriton said is right. The consumption of hundreds of thousands of troops is huge. We really need a more certain time limit so that the entire Carthage can be here." During this period, we gritted our teeth and persisted, and tried our best to provide supplies for the army."

Preeta Kuba winked fiercely at Mago.

Mago originally thought that if he could get the full support of Carthage and set a deadline, it would not be a bad thing, but when he saw Preeta Kuba's eyes, he hesitated.

"It seems that Lord Mago is not very confident in his ability to defeat the Dionians." Tai Panlaco said sarcastically.

Mago glared at Tai Panlaco, and then glanced at Hanno who was also watching him. He smiled disdainfully and said loudly and seriously: "We all know that Dionia is a powerful country. We and Dionia are The war between Asia and Asia cannot end in a short time, and I know what you mean by saying that, but I am still willing to set a deadline to not only urge myself, but also give hope to the people of Carthage... 1 year! In Within a year, I will do my best to drive the forces of Dionia out of Sicily!"

………………………………… The main force of the Samnite coalition entered Beneventom, and the next day received the news that "Lola was besieged by the enemy".

As soon as Segovani got the news, he immediately called for a military meeting, and said anxiously during the meeting: "We immediately went to war to repel the Dionian coalition forces in the south, and then led the army back to aid Lola.

Of course Lesguk did not agree with this proposal. He patiently persuaded: "Chief Segovani, the city of Lola is strong and the defenders are not small. It is impossible for the enemy to capture it in a short time. You don't have to Too impatient. You should know that there are many enemies outside the city of Beneventum, and they have built relatively complete camps. If we attack from the front, our losses will inevitably be huge, and we may not be successful.

However, with such a large army from Dionia coming from a long distance, the supply of military food has become a big problem. As long as we send several troops to sneak into the mountains, bypass their camps, and attack Abenirum and their camps. to cut off their food transportation. If the Dionians don't have enough to eat, they must be panicked and confused. Only then will we attack. Once the main force of the Dionian coalition is defeated, our next situation will be much better. "

"I agree with Lisguk. We have few soldiers now, so we should be cautious!" Badani said. After all, the Dionian soldiers could not threaten Pentney's territory, and he certainly did not want to take risks.

As for Kontruk, he was a little hesitant. Although Karacheni's territory was far away from the threat of Dionia's attack, as an old man who always used a tough attitude to protect the interests of the Samonite race, he adopted a prudent strategy. It was against his nature, but the Karacheni warriors had the smallest number among the four major races. After several battles, they suffered considerable losses, which forced him to pay attention to this issue, so in the end he agreed with Lesguk. suggestions.

Thanks to LastButOne, Sniper No. 11, and yyaJy2304 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 871 SplitThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 871 Split-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Segovani was annoyed, but he had to comply with this decision.

Since Alexis learned that the Samnite main force was stationed in Beneventum, he no longer sent troops to attack the city of Beneventum and withdrew the ballistae team. However, the improvement and reinforcement of the entire camp continued.

Although the intensity of the Samnite attacks on the coalition camps is increasing, the increasingly complete camps provide adequate protection for the soldiers, and the Potentia and Abenirum warriors who have not fought in more than ten years are also I have gained a lot of experience in Successful defenses one after another, and my response has become more and more appropriate.

Amidst the constant fighting, the camp of the Dionysian coalition dug deep trenches, built thick earthen forts, erected strong wooden fences, and erected towering sentry towers. There are dense deer villages and traps...

The soldiers sent by the Samnite coalition to attack the food road were idle because Alexis had stored enough food in the camp in advance and there was no military food transportation for the time being.

………………………………… The next day, bad news came to Bereventum—the city of Aequum was besieged by the Dionysian army.

Eequium, a Shirpinian town, is located due east of Beneventum, on the edge of the eastern Samnite mountains, not far from the Dauni region, and is neither located like Aquilonia. It is easy to defend and difficult to attack on the top of the mountain. Unlike Bereventum, it has a large population. Half of the not many people were recruited by the tribal coalition, and the Dionian army surrounding it is said to be nearly Thousands of people.

The four chiefs all knew that without reinforcements, Equium would fall very quickly.

But Lesguk saw Segovani sneering at him and remembered what he had said to persuade him yesterday, so he did not mention the reinforcements at all. Instead, he was thinking about how to persuade the Eequium soldiers in the army and appease the morale of the army . Floating other tribesmen.

But Badani said worriedly: "The Kingdom of Dionia has a large population and so many allies. They can recruit much more soldiers than us. Now they are using this advantage to increase their attack on us. Even if we gather all the soldiers, there are less than 20,000 people. Even if we defeat the enemies outside the city, it will not change our situation of being at a disadvantage!
Although we don't know how the war between Dionia and Carthage is going, it is obvious that Carthage does not have the advantage, otherwise the Dionia would not be able to invest so many troops on us. We originally wanted to rely on Carthage. It seems that the hopes of the Taiji people have been dashed now. What should we do? ..." Badani wanted to say "just make a truce with Dionia" several times, but in the end he held back. He didn't want to be scolded by the stubborn old man again.

Of course the other three people could hear the meaning of his words, but even Kontruk remained silent. There was silence in the room, and the four of them were thinking about their own thoughts.

In the evening, Segovani, who was anxious about the current war situation, once again received a request for help from Lola's messenger: The Dionia-Campania coalition forces were in a hurry to attack the city. They built a mountain of earth higher than the city wall, and also made There are many siege equipment that have never been seen before, which poses a great threat to the defense of the city wall. If reinforcements cannot be obtained immediately, Lola is in danger of being breached!
Segovani finally couldn't sit still. He immediately went to find Lesguk and asked to bring troops back to Lola immediately.

Of course Lesguk didn't want Segovani to lead his troops away, because Kautini was already the strongest among the four major tribes. If they left, the entire coalition's strength would probably be reduced by half.

So, Lesguk quickly advised: "The main force of Dionia is here. There will not be too many enemies attacking Lola. You only need to send one or two thousand people for reinforcements, and you can completely defend Lola. We The most important thing now is to defeat the enemies outside the city!——"

"Defeat? How to defeat?!" Segovani interrupted him coldly: "Just use your cowardly method?! Our soldiers have been guarding the mountains for two days and haven't seen a single one. The beasts of burden that transport the baggage! Even if we really intercept the baggage of Dionia one day, I am afraid that our Cavutini towns on the Campania plain will be lost!"

At this time, Lesguk ignored Segovani's ridicule and simply persuaded: "If you really want to go back in a hurry, why not do this? We, the big leaders, will discuss it carefully and attack Dionia within two days." Launch a fierce attack on the camp, defeat them first, and then return to help Lola together——"

"Enough! Lesguk, do you think I am a fool like Kontruk and Badani, who can be fooled by you at will!" Segovani glared at him and cursed loudly: " In the past two days, we have sent soldiers to attack the enemy's camp many times, and many soldiers have been killed or injured. I believe you should be very aware of how difficult it is to attack the enemy's camp! Now, you want us to attack it by force. You want my Are all the people dead?!
Lesguk, you are a person who only knows how to play tricks, only talks, but hesitates in doing things, lacks decisiveness and ruthlessness. More than ten years have passed, and you have not been able to kill Gairni or pacify Abene. Lum, on the contrary, they have become a serious problem for us! We launched a war against Dionia, and most of the actions we implemented came from your suggestions. So far, we have lost more than half of our warriors, but we have not yet won a victory!
Two days ago, the Dionian camp was far less troublesome than it is now. If you follow my suggestion and launch a fierce attack, you will definitely gain greater gains. However, you dissuaded me, and now the Dionians have completely After repairing the camp, you let us attack... Lesguk, I have seen through you. You are not worthy to be the leader of Shirpini, nor to be the commander leading the war. You are just a man who has been in the army for more than ten years. He was just a poor guy who was defeated by the Dionians before and has always been afraid of them! "

Having been exposed by Segovani, Lesguk was ashamed and annoyed, and a surge of anger rushed into his brain. He suddenly rushed over, holding Segovani's hand with one hand, and pinched Segovani's neck with the other. .

Segovani struggled hard but couldn't get free. His face suddenly changed and he shouted: "Les... Guk, what... do you want to do?!"

"What do you think I'm going to do?!" Lesguk approached him with a ferocious look on his face: "You said I'm not worthy of being the leader, are you worthy?! Look at your thin body, you're worthy of being called the heroic Samo Nai warrior?! No wonder the chief of Kautini and the people have always focused on Quinduke as the chief! If you hadn't secretly made trouble and slandered his reputation, how could you have become the chief! And you should What did he do after he became the big boss?! He tore up the alliance with the Dionysians, invaded the Campania Alliance many times, and triggered a war with Dionysia. Not only did he suffer a disastrous defeat, he even became a prisoner himself!… … I said I am not worthy of being the chief, but are you worthy? Said that I am not suitable to lead troops in combat. Without me, you bastard would still be imprisoned by the Dionians. Not only are you not grateful, but you also insult your benefactor. Do we Samnites have a tradition of repaying kindness? Did you throw it away? You said there was nothing I could do against Gairni. Could it be that you took the credit for getting rid of Quinduk? That's not my suggestion, it's the cooperation of several big leaders, otherwise it's up to you, your stupid head, to think of any way to deal with him! ——” "What are you two doing!" Kontruk, who came after hearing the news, walked into the room, saw the two entangled together, and shouted loudly: "As the leader of the tribe, you don't think carefully about how to defeat us. The enemy is in the mood to fight and scold here, aren't you afraid that the people will see the joke!"

Lesguk took the opportunity to loosen his hands and took a few steps back. His face was immediately full of apology, and he explained loudly: "We just had a dispute about some things. I was too impulsive. I apologize to you, Segovani. hope you can forgive me!"

Segovani rubbed his pinched neck with his hands, and stared at Lesguk with a cold gaze: "Forgive?! Unless you die!"

With these words, he turned around and walked out.

Kontruk frowned and said dissatisfied: "Segovani, some small disputes should not affect our unity, otherwise -"

"Shut up, old guy!" Segovani interrupted Kontruk's preaching unceremoniously: "The three of you can unite on your own. I'm leaving. I will lead my tribal warriors to leave tomorrow morning. I want to see how long Beneventum can last!" He strode out of the room.

“What on earth...what happened?!” Kontruk was rarely insulted in person, and his old face turned red.

Lesguk also looked ugly, but he did not answer.

But Badani, who had just arrived outside the door, heard the conversation between the three and quietly turned around and left.

………………………………… That night, Segovani refused to see anyone, and kept his word. Regardless of the repeated dissuasion of the two chiefs Lesguk and Kontruk, he led Kautini's 8,000 warriors early the next morning. Depart from the city of Beneventum.

Just as the two chiefs looked at the empty Kautini camp in the city, complaining that Segovani was narrow-minded and disregarded the overall situation, bad news came again in the city: Chief Badani had gathered more than 4,000 people The Pentney warriors were to leave the city through the north gate and return to their territory.

Lesguk was shocked: the Cavutini army had already left, and if the Pentenid army left again, the Samnite tribal coalition would be disintegrated, and there would be less than 7,000 warriors left in the city. Facing 2 people outside the city, With ten thousand enemies, you are completely at a disadvantage!
So he hurried to the north of the city again, trying to dissuade Badani.

Kontruk originally followed closely, but soon he slowed down because he suddenly felt that it might be a good thing for Badani to lead his team away, as long as he blocked the invasion of the enemy from the east and defended Pentney's territory. , Karacheni, north of Pentney, is naturally safe.

Thanks to LastButOne and book friend 20170706011128655 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 872 Nakonian Tribe WarriorsThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 872 The Warriors of the Naconian Tribe-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui However, Kontruk did not intend to lead the team to leave. He decided to follow the ancient tradition of the Samnite tribe alliance and defend Beneventum with the Shirpini tribe, advancing and retreating together.

………………………………… In the mountains in early summer, the soil is still moist, the trees are already lush, the weeds are growing wildly, and the summer cicadas have already started chirping incessantly. The hot sunlight passes through the dense branches and leaves, casting wisps of mottled light on the mountain grass.

Three Abenirum spies were lying on the ground, swatting away the biting mosquitoes on their bodies while closely looking down at the winding mountain road down the mountain.

“Brother, look!” A spy pointed forward and shouted in surprise.

I saw many birds flying between the mountains to the east, chirping and circling in the air.

“Let's go and take a look!” The spy named Big Brother also showed joy on his face. He stood up, stretched his aching thighs, and then led the two of them and ran eastward along the ridge.

Not long after, they lay down on the mountain ridge again and looked down: the mountain road more than a hundred meters apart was crowded with densely packed Samnite warriors. They lined up in a long queue, stretching eastward...

Although the uniforms of the warriors from the four major tribes are roughly the same, and they are too far apart to see the flags clearly, the experienced Abenirum spies were still able to tell that this was Cavutini's army, because under the sunlight This long dragon has a lot of reflections, which shows that the rate of armor in the team is not low, and among the four major tribes, only the Cavutini can do it, because they own the eastern plains of Campania and are the richest tribe. What's more, the direction this army is heading towards is Kautim.

"Chief Garni is right. The Kautini people have indeed evacuated from Beneventum. We have not waited for this day in vain!" The leading spy could not hide the joy on his face.

“But we haven't discovered where the Narconians are yet?” "Of course it's not clear from this mountain, but I can roughly guess their location." The leading spy said confidently: "We haven't seen Naconia since their army entered the city of Beneventom. People went out to fight in the city, and they were not even sent to patrol the city. This shows that the Kawutini people were prepared for them. I think they must be walking in the middle of the team... There are 3,000 people there, and they can be found easily. Watching them.

You rush back immediately and tell Chief Gairni that I, Seduni, have begun to implement the plan... And you, rush to the Dionia camp in Lola and tell their commander that we have been contacted The Naconian army..."

“Brother, you have to be careful!” “Don't worry, it's easy for me to sneak in alone.” What Seduni said was not a word of comfort, because the Samoni army did not always walk on the mountain road like the Dionian army when marching in the mountains. When the mountains on both sides slowed down, the Samoni army would Separating some soldiers to march on the mountainside on both sides, this not only shortened the length of the marching column, but also reduced the possibility of being ambushed, but it made it easy for Seduni to sneak into the army.

After sending away the two spies, he dusted himself off, carried a few javelins, and sneaked down the mountain under the cover of trees, and then hid in the weeds.

After a short period of careful listening to the conversation of the soldiers marching at a close distance, he stood up decisively, pretended to have just finished urinating, and approached the team walking on the hillside. Since he was wearing the same yellow short-sleeved singlet, plus The marching column of Kautini was not as rigorous as the Dionians, but rather scattered, so he easily blended into the team.

Then, through silent conversations with several Naconian warriors around him, he decided to go to the leader of the Afangum, the second largest tribe in Naconia (the reason why he did not go to Quinduque's tribe, because this tribe has been completely separated by Segovani, and its people have also been forcibly merged into the tribes of Lola and Sesala).

Wasonk looked at the man with a straight face, warily looking at the man who tried to approach him quietly but was stopped by the guards, but there was a hint of excitement in his tone.

Seduni also noticed his youth. Judging from his appearance, he should be just over 20 years old. According to Samnite tradition, it is impossible to lead an army of tribes in battle, but Segovani imprisoned various tribes in Naconia. The leaders of the tribe let their young children lead the tribe's warriors for better control.

“In order to prevent being seen by some people, we'd better talk while walking.” Seidum suggested in a low voice.

Vasonk looked around subconsciously, then nodded.

ˆ Seduni pretended to be Vasonk's guard, and followed Vasonk forward with other warriors.

Wasonk couldn't wait to whisper and asked: "What's going on in Nakonia?! We heard rumors in the city of Beneventum that the Dionians hated us for killing Hadi in their territory!" After the Si priests and Dionian merchants invaded the Naconian territory, they not only killed the wolves of Segovani, but also... also... also killed all of our... our people... but The familiar Kautini warriors quietly told us that your tribe often shouted outside Beneventum, saying that the Dionians had formed an alliance with the tribesmen we stayed in the territory... and some others. Which rumor is true?!"

Seduni did not speak immediately, but took out something from his arms and quietly handed it to Vasonk.

Vasonk's eyes widened immediately. He recognized this as a small wooden sculpture that he liked the most when he was a child.

Seduni looked at his expression and felt confident: "This is the token that your tribe elder asked me to bring to you. I also have tokens that I brought to several other tribal leaders. The real situation is that Dioni The Asian army drove away the Cavutim people stationed in the city of Naconia, and formed an alliance with the tribal elders of Naconia to jointly fight against the Samnite coalition..."

After Seduni finished speaking, Wasonk hadn't responded yet. The guards next to him all looked excited. The Cavutim people trapped and killed Quinduk, imprisoned the tribal leaders, massacred the tribesmen in the territory, and forced them to go out to fight. , and regardless of their life or death, always let them rush to the front... These Naconian warriors have long had a fire burning in their hearts, but due to the strength of the Samnite coalition and the safety of the territorial tribesmen, they have to endure the humiliation and bear the heavy burden. , now the opportunity has come!

Some people even shouted in a low voice: "Great!" Their eyes burst out with the flames of revenge, staring directly at Vasonk.

Vasonk squeezed the small wooden sculpture in his hand tightly and whispered: "When we get to Kautim, I will quietly send someone to tell the other Naconian generals..."

………………………………………… On the day that Segovani led the army to retreat from Beneventum, Zantiparis, who was in the military camp outside the city of Lola, had decided to launch an attack on the city of Lola.

Four days have passed since the siege of the city. Why is he so eager to attack the city? On the one hand, it was because he was worried about the return of the Samnite coalition forces, which caused all previous efforts to be in vain; on the other hand, his siege layout was almost completed.

When he first arrived at Lola City, Zantiparis carefully observed this plain town in Kautini: Although it is nearly seven meters high and is a stone city, the walls are dilapidated and the gaps in the stone walls are large. Green grass even grew in the place, and the trench outside the city was not too wide. Although there was a simple deer camp outside the trench, no traps were laid...

Based on this, Zantiparis estimated that this Kautini town had never been attacked, so it had not been well maintained and repaired, which gave him the confidence to break the city in a short period of time (in fact, Kautini last year The Utini invaded Campania and were defeated by the Dionian reinforcements, and the Third Army entered Tessala, which has already made the Kautini towns such as Lola and Sessala, which are closer to Tessala, feel the threat. Due to the danger, they put "strengthening the city's defense" on the agenda, but not long after the all-out war between the Samnites and Dionia broke out, Lola's young and middle-aged people were transferred, and the repair of the city wall was delayed).

Zantiparis considered that there were few defenders in the city of Lola, and except for enemy reinforcements that might come from the north, other areas were controlled by Dionia and its allies, so he and Aialos, the leader of the Campania army, After discussing with others, they decided to build a mountain of earth to approach the city wall.

Building an earth mountain to siege the city is a project of the Dionysian Army's daily military training. Zantiparis and the soldiers are familiar with it. After deciding to build the earth mountain to the south of Lola City and engineers surveying it, the starting point of the construction will be Set 40 meters away from Nancheng.

So Xantiparis ordered most of the soldiers to go to the mountains and cut down trees.

At the same time, after Adriancus, the administrator of Enona, received help from Zantiparis, he not only organized thousands of people from Enona, but also sent some administrative officials, who carried three days of rations and passed through The original trade route passed through the Naconian territory and reached outside the city of Lola. After the Naconians learned the news, they also sent thousands of people. Subsequently, the Campania Alliance also sent tens of thousands of people. In less than two days, more than 30,000 people (including 12,000 coalition soldiers) gathered in the Dionia coalition camp.

Zantiparis made this plan for building Tushan: He first left 2,000 Campania heavy infantry to garrison the camp to prevent the enemy from sneaking out of the city to attack. The other soldiers went to the mountains and forests to cut trees, and some of the cut wood was made into five pieces. , six-meter-high wooden fences, and then two hundred soldiers erected rows of wooden fences 30 meters away from the south wall of Lola, with a length of 70 meters, to resist javelins and arrows fired by enemies from the top of the city. At the same time, there are 300 Dionian heavy infantry on both sides and rear of Muzha on standby to prevent the enemy from leaving the city and destroying it.

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 873 Attacking Lola (1)The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 873 Attacking Lola (1)-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui At the same time, the administrative officials of Enona effectively managed a large team of more than 20,000 elderly people, teenagers, and even women, divided into several groups. Some people neatened the cut trees, carried them down the mountain, and placed them at the place where the military camp engineer planned to build the earth hill; others piled the wood in a criss-cross pattern and gradually extended it upward toward the city wall; In addition, there was a group of people who carried baskets of excavated soil, filled it into a base made of wood, and tamped it down.

The defenders of Lola saw such a big movement from the enemy on the south wall. They were shocked and a little curious, but soon they discovered that in front of them, a mound about 50 meters wide was rising from the ground. It rose up and quickly approached the city head, and the entire wooden fence was also moving forward.

It is not that the Lola defenders did not launch long-range attacks at the enemies who were making mounds under the city, but the javelins and arrows they threw were either blocked by the wooden fence or blocked by the shields of the heavy infantry behind the wooden fence. Although there were also a few He was injured and fell to the ground, but this did not scare the coalition people. Whether they were Campanians or Naconians, they were deeply poisoned by the Samnites and hated them. The Enona people assisted in the battle. It will be recorded by the household registration official, which will be of great help to the future development of the family in the kingdom, so they devoted themselves to this project with great enthusiasm.

The defenders of Lola had no choice but to venture out of the city several times for raids in an attempt to destroy the wooden fence and mounds. However, they were repulsed by the army led by Zantiparis, who had been prepared for it. suffered considerable losses.

The defenders of Lola could only watch helplessly as the mound got closer and higher. Not only was it approaching the trench, but its highest height was almost as high as the city head.

Zantiparis no longer needed the wooden fence, but directly sent more than a thousand Dionian heavy infantry and light infantry to stand on the hill and shoot at the defenders from a distance of more than ten meters.

Although both sides suffered a lot of casualties, the Lola defenders, whose number of soldiers was only one-tenth of the opponent's, could not bear this kind of consumption. They had to send messengers many times to the big leader Segovani for urgent help.

Regarding Zantiparis's decision to "attack the city of Lola today", Aialos, the general of the Campania League, hesitated. He said: "The earth mountain we built is not close to the city wall yet. At this time, the attack will be difficult." It's not too hasty, do you want to wait another day?"

Zantiparis patiently explained to him: "Our Majesty Davos once said something to the senior generals of the Kingdom of Dionia. He said, 'When fighting a powerful enemy, don't act rashly. When seeking a decisive battle , we must carefully look for opportunities. However, once we win an important victory or the enemy reveals obvious flaws, we must attack continuously and quickly, not giving the enemy a chance to breathe, and completely disrupting the enemy's entire deployment ... …',
Now the main force of the Samnite coalition has been attracted to Beneventum. There are only more than 1,000 enemies stationed in Lola and Sesala. They thought they could defend for a long time with this small number of people, but they obviously underestimated us, Dio . With Leah's siege ability, we should quickly capture Lola City before they can react, making the entire battle situation more favorable to us.

In addition, the situation on the battlefield is rapidly changing. So far we have been blessed by the gods. The weather has been pretty good in the past few days, and it looks like it will be a sunny day today. But if it suddenly It rains heavily tomorrow, it is very likely that our mountains will be washed away and the soldiers and people will be almost at risk. All Tian's hard work has been in vain, and the key point is that it has delayed the opportunity to fight, so we should seize the time to attack while Hades is still protecting us! ...Well, and...according to our usual experience in siege training, when Tushan is approaching the city wall, which is also the most difficult time, the enemy's defense will only become tighter. In order to speed up the progress and reduce the casualties of the people, we We must rely on violent attacks to force them to reduce their attack on Tushan so that our siege can be completed faster..."

Zantiparis' serious explanation convinced the generals of the Campania League, and everyone agreed to launch an attack on Lola City today. The next step was to discuss the attack plan.

Zantiparis has already considered this: "The southern city wall of Lola is where the earth mountain is located and is the focus of the attack. I suggest using a heavy infantry brigade and a light infantry brigade from Dionia, plus your Campa Niah's 1,000 light infantry and 1,000 heavy infantry, a total of 4,000 people, focus on attacking here!” Aialos nodded and said: "I agree with General Zantiparis. These two thousand Campanian soldiers are sent by us from Naples."

Zantiparis continued: "I suggest that the siege equipment made in the past few days are used to attack the Lorasi city wall. Since our Dionian soldiers can skillfully use these equipment, a Dionian soldier The heavy infantry brigade is responsible for the main attack, and an additional 1,000 Campania soldiers are added as auxiliary... The east and north walls also need to be arranged with 2,000 soldiers each using long ladders to attack the city, so as to disperse the few in Lola City. The enemy, weakening their defense capabilities... In the end, there is still a Dionian light infantry group and 1,000 Campania soldiers, which I recommend as a reserve for the final assault."

As soon as Zantiparis finished speaking, Aialos said: "I think General Zantiparis's plan is very good. Naples is willing to send 1,000 soldiers to attack the west wall, and another 1,000 Naples soldiers to attack the north. The remaining 1,000 Neapolitan soldiers will be kept as reserves according to what General Zantiparis said, and the remaining vacancies will be filled by soldiers from your city-state." Aialos spoke with respect to Zantiparis, And when he spoke to the other generals of the Campania allies, he had a somewhat commanding tone.

Only then did Zantiparis suddenly realize that Naples was the leader of the Campania League. As a military general, he did not think too much about it. Instead, he felt that with Aialos in charge of these Campania city-state generals, the province It saved him a lot of trouble and a lot of time.

Once the plan is finalized, implementation begins immediately.

The first to take action were the coalition soldiers outside Lora South City. This is because the people are already prepared. They are all carrying sacks filled with soil, preparing to complete the final closing of the soil mountain and the city wall. Of course, this is also the most difficult moment.

It is said to be an earth mountain, but in fact it is a large sloping causeway. According to the design of Dionia engineers, its starting slope is only about 20 degrees, which is relatively gentle and extends from 40 meters away to the city wall. Due to the use of wood as a The support has rammed earth as flesh and blood. Many soldiers step on it, so it will neither slip nor collapse.

More than 200 Dionysian heavy infantrymen held a long shield in each hand, climbed the mountain in two rows, and advanced towards the city wall.

The defenders immediately launched long-range attacks against them, mainly javelins.

The Dionian soldiers' double-sided shields protected themselves tightly, but even so, some soldiers were still wounded by javelins that penetrated the long shields. Behind them, new heavy infantry moved forward to fill the gaps in the array at any time.

The light infantry following the Dionian heavy infantry also attacked the city head. They not only threw javelins, but also threw arrows. After all, the city defenders were not as thick as the Dionian heavy infantry. For protection, although some of their warriors wear armor, at least half are light infantry, and bows and arrows can cause damage to them.

The heavy infantrymen reached the top of the mountain, squatted down, and raised their long double-sided shields to form a closely arranged shield wall. Its height was almost the same as the opposite city wall, and the distance between the two sides was less than ten meters. The defenders at the top of the city The attack was naturally more violent, and the Dionian light infantry's counterattack was equally fierce, because they had to suppress the attack on the city head and protect the safety of their comrades.

Within a distance of ten meters, javelins and arrows kept passing by each other, so densely that they occasionally collided in the air. There were constant screams from both sides, and some soldiers fell to the ground injured.

On both sides of the mountain, 1,000 Campanian light infantry took advantage of the defender's attention being attracted by the mountain and quickly approached the ditch. They launched an attack on the enemies at the top of the city to relieve the pressure on the friendly forces on the mountain. .

At this time, people carrying earth bags lined up in columns, bent their heads and ran quickly to the top of the mountain, risking being hit by incoming javelins and arrows.

There is a gap of one person between each Dionian heavy infantry and heavy infantry, and between light infantry and light infantry on the top of the mountain, thus forming passages that can go directly to the top of the mountain. When the people arrived at the shield wall, the heavy infantrymen on both sides would raise the long shields with both hands higher, exposing a certain gap below, which was just enough for the people to push the earth bags down the mountain, and then the empty-handed people would turn back and run back down the mountain.

Countless earth bags continued to roll down into the "valley" formed between the city wall and the earth mountain. The occasionally injured Dionian soldiers and Lola defenders fell into the valley, and before they had time to climb out, they were quickly covered by the earth bags. Buried, it became a cornerstone of this man-made earth mountain.

Not only did the people go up and down the mountain, but the Dionian light infantry and heavy infantry also rotated continuously due to physical strength, injuries, and the replenishment of javelins and arrows. Under the mountain, the medical battalion was rapidly treating the injured people. and soldiers for emergency rescue.

Such a busy but relatively orderly tense scene was reflected in the eyes of Aialos, the Naples commander in the rear. He couldn't help but sigh: The Dionians turned a tragic siege into an orderly one. , Lively and efficient construction projects, this is not something that any Greek city-state can do. The military capabilities of the Kingdom of Dionia are too terrifying!

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 874 Attacking Lola (2)The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 874: Attacking Lola (2)-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui At the same time, Aalos also noticed that the attacks of the defenders at the top of the city were weakening. Obviously, the Lola warriors defending at the top of the city had never suffered such a siege method. Although in the long-range attacks from both sides, they relied on the battlements. Although they still had a slight advantage in terms of protection, the increase in the number of injured people also made them feel a lot of pressure.

“The enemy is in some confusion!” He said with a joyful face to Xantiparis, who was also at the rear and observing the enemy's situation.

“This is a good thing, it can reduce the casualties of soldiers and people, but the hardest battle has yet to come.” Zantiparis said calmly.

Aiaros understood what Xantiparis said was the hardest battle—that is, the face-to-face fight after the mountains and city walls were closed.

ˆ Compared to the bustle of the battlefield in the south city, it is much quieter outside the west city wall.

First, hundreds of Campania light infantry carried arrow shields made by Dionysian carpenters and withstood the long-range attacks of the city defenders. They came to the trench, opened the brackets behind the arrow shields, and let It stood up diagonally to provide shelter for the light infantry. At the same time, they would occasionally launch javelins and arrows from the gaps between the arrow shields to attack the defenders at the top of the city.

While the defenders were restrained, the Dionian heavy infantry pushed out the siege wagons one after another. (The Dionian Army engineers instructed the carpenters of Enona and Campania to use soldiers from the mountain forest The felled wood was used to make this kind of hollow wooden cart), just like what the soldiers of the Second Legion did when Davos led his army to storm Rome, the wooden carts were spliced ​​together while pushing towards the city wall. Straight to the trench.

Not only were the Allied soldiers surprised, but the defenders at the head of the city were also dumbfounded. There was no one in the wooden cart, and the rockets fired could not ignite it. The soldiers of Dionysia quickly passed around the carriages filled with soil. With sacks, the narrow ditch in front of him was quickly filled up.

Then, the wooden carts continued to push forward one after another until they hit the city wall, thus forming two hollow passages from the city wall to forty meters away, formed by the siege carriages. The soldiers at the rear immediately carried a large A log with an iron cone-shaped ram inlaid on the front end of the wood. The battering ram was passed by the soldiers and reached the bottom of the city wall. Six soldiers carried it and hit the city wall hard.

The hard hammer head violently hit the old stone wall that was in disrepair. The stones shattered, the soil fell off, and the stone wall cracked...

The shaking of the city wall panicked the defenders at the top of the city. They increased the intensity of their attacks, violently smashed rocks and wood blocks down, poured thin oil on them, and launched rockets...

Unexpectedly, the vans closest to the city wall were specially made to be extremely strong. The craftsmen not only reinforced the entire frame, but also adopted a herringbone structure on the roof to facilitate load relief, and they were tied with bags soaked in water. The soil is not easily ignited, so soldiers can safely hit the city wall hard inside.

When the siege ram broke through the outer stone wall and exposed the rammed earth layer inside, the soldiers picked up pickaxes and shovels and began to remove the stones around the gap, expand the hole in the wall, and then continuously dig out the rammed earth inside. Soil...

Just the defense of the west and south walls has put a lot of pressure on the small Lola defenders, not to mention that the coalition forces also launched attacks on the east and north sides. In order to defend the city, the Lola people mobilized all the tribesmen in the city who could fight, including women, to go to the city to defend it.

The most intense battlefield in Nancheng lasted for half an hour. The arms of the Dionysian light infantry were so sore that they could not lift up. Their fingers were injured and bleeding from pulling the bow. The heavy infantry who formed the shield wall suffered 300 casualties. There were many people, and the casualties among the people were also not small.

But a turning point finally appeared, and the Lola defenders ran out of javelins. In just half an hour, they threw thousands of javelins. In addition to the javelins thrown a few days ago to prevent the Dionians from building earth mountains, all the javelins in the city have been used up, and the arrows have also been used up. Almost consumed.

As for the javelin thrown by the Dionian light infantry, it has a specially made tip. The iron rod connecting the tip is very thin. After hitting a hard object, it will bend and cannot be thrown again. However, the front end of the javelin can be quickly disassembled. The iron spear tip can be used again by putting the new spear tip on the wooden pole at the rear end, but it is obviously impossible for the Lola defenders to do this.

Therefore, the defenders can only throw stones and wood at their opponents. Since Dionia's shield wall is ten meters away from the city head, stones that are too heavy cannot be thrown, and those that can be thrown are easier to be blocked by long shields. The threat of the Dionian heavy infantry is much smaller. If the shield wall can continue to stabilize, it will be faster for the people to drop earth bags.

Seeing that the valley was gradually being filled, the earthbags had risen to the feet of the Dionian heavy infantry. They began to move forward carefully with their shields, so that the people who could follow could fill in the depressions further ahead.

At this time, Aialos at the foot of the mountain was already gathering the 1,000 Campanian heavy infantry, preparing to replace the army on the top of the mountain.

The bugle sounded, and the Dionian light infantry quickly retreated down the mountain. According to Zantiparis' plan, Aialos led the Campanian heavy infantry into more than a dozen columns, widened the distance, and slowly marched towards the mountain to facilitate the evacuation of the people and the Dionian heavy infantry downwards. .

The Campania heavy infantry wore Corinthian helmets and held large copper bucklers. They had narrow vision and clumsy movements. Climbing the mountain was difficult for them. Fortunately, the slope of the hillside was gentle, which did not cause much damage to their march. Influence .

The Dionian heavy infantry who formed a shield formation on the top of the mountain, without the assistance of light infantry, moved towards the city wall, and the attacks became more fierce. Some Lola warriors even climbed over the wall and over the battlements, jumping to the city wall. The almost filled earth mountain, armed with spears, directly attacked the Dionia heavy infantry.

During this long-term battle to defend the city, the Lola defenders had clearly seen that these Dionian soldiers held shields with both hands and did not carry spears at all, so the Lola soldiers were one foot deep and one foot shallow. He stepped on the uneven earth bag with one foot, knocked away the long shield with his body, even knocked down the enemy, and then stabbed the spear in his hand.

The shield wall formed by two rows of Dionysian heavy infantry became fragmented. When the people fled downwards in panic, the Dionysian officers shouted: "No retreat! Throw away a long Shield, replace it with a dagger!!..."

In fact, without them shouting, the soldiers were already doing this. These reserve soldiers from the Lucania Mountains had previously withstood the enemy's long-range attacks and watched hundreds of comrades casualties, but the enemy's sudden direct attack just now Causing dozens more casualties... They were all Lucanians who grew up after the establishment of the Kingdom of Dionia. Although the cultural integration of the kingdom weakened their wildness, military training taught them about teamwork and comrades-in-arms. With friendship and the anger of revenge for their comrades in arms, they held short swords and long shields and fought fiercely with the Lola defenders.

However, the bugle of Dionya's retreat was sounded at this time.

Although the soldiers were reluctant, they had to obey the order.

The Lola soldiers did not continue to pursue them, because they saw those "tin cans" coming up, so they ran backwards and climbed into the city wall.

On this hill of more than 50 meters wide, the Campanian heavy infantry slowly approached the defenders at the head of the city, gradually forming a dense formation. They were only one battlement away from the defenders, although the spears could easily stab them. The enemy, however, was unable to use the charge and impact that heavy infantry was good at, and its power was greatly weakened. The bugles of the attack below the city continued to sound, and the Campanian heavy infantry on the mountain, led by Aialos, began to fight fiercely with the enemy.

To be honest, in these years of war between the Campanians and the Samnites, there were few good opportunities for such face-to-face fighting, because the Samnites warriors always used javelin throws to kill and injure the Campanian soldiers, and then retreated and lured them away. They pursued, taking advantage of the opponent's slow movement during the retreat, and repeatedly attacked with javelins until the opponent's formation was completely chaotic, and then sent armored infantry to break in and completely defeat the opponent.

This set of tactics has been tried and tested repeatedly. The successive failures have made the Campanian people so frightened that they even dare not go out of the city for field battles. Today, they finally have a chance to avenge their humiliation. The Campanian soldiers roared loudly and shouted one by one. The spear stabs the enemy powerfully.

As the defender of the city, of course, the Lola defenders could not adopt the guerrilla tactics that had been effective in the past, and could only face the enemy head-on. They had soldiers in armor block the battlements, followed by light infantry, which also formed a dense formation in the corridors above the city. formation to counter the Campanian heavy infantry. In order to be able to compete with the enemy, they also mobilized some of the defenders of the western city wall, because they believed that the fighting in the west was calmer, and even if the number of defenders was small, it would be enough to cope with it.

But shortly after the defenders of the western city wall were transferred, bad news came: the western city wall collapsed in two places.

This is all the credit of the Dionian soldiers in the siege van. They removed the stone walls and rammed earth at the lower end of the city wall, destroying the foundation of the wall, causing the already weak city wall to collapse due to gravity, and scattered The rocks even injured several Dionian soldiers who had no time to retreat.

The loud "rumbling" sound and the rising morning fog not only shocked the Lola defenders, but also dumbfounded the Campania soldiers. Originally, they saw the unique and slow behavior of the Dionysian soldiers. Teng Teng's siege method has not seen any movement for so long, and he can't help but feel a little contempt in his heart. He feels that it is time-consuming and labor-intensive. Some soldiers even said disdainfully: "They say that the Dionians are brave in battle. It seems that they are too. Those who are afraid of death only know how to hide in wooden boxes!” And now the tragic experience of the city wall gave them a resounding slap in the face. Of course they don't know: in the various military camps in the Kingdom of Dionia, not only will the soldiers actually build a section of the city wall during training to exercise their city-building abilities, but they will also practice how to break this section in the next training. The city wall, so the Dionian soldiers did not dig randomly, but destroyed the structure of the city wall purposefully and efficiently.

Thanks to Zhan Billy and Sniper No. 11 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

(End of this chapter)

