Chapter 875 Facing Cavutini's reinforcementsThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 875 Facing Cavutini's Reinforcements-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui "Attack! Attack me quickly!..." The Campania officers eagerly urged these distracted soldiers.

The Dionian heavy infantry who had been prepared for a long time were already shouting excitedly, covering their heads with long shields, blocking the stones and wood hurriedly dropped by the city defenders, and rushed towards them in a loose formation. A gap in the city wall. The Campania light infantry in front of the trench also stepped up their attack on the city head.

After the city wall collapsed downward, a slope was formed on both sides of the gap. The Dionysian soldiers stepped on the gravel and hurriedly jumped onto the gap that only allowed three people to pass. When the defenders of Lola South City saw the city wall collapse, they immediately sent some soldiers to the city to intercept it.

In the close fight, the Dionian soldiers holding daggers had the advantage, but the Lola warriors were not afraid of casualties in order to defend their homeland. The narrow gap made the Dionian soldiers attack quickly, but in a short time No progress can be made .

"Woo!..." Just as the Dionian soldiers and the Campanian soldiers poured into the two gaps in the city wall respectively, the attack bugle also sounded timely outside the West City.

The Campania light infantry in front of the trench immediately lowered the arrow shields and laid them on the trench, which was only three meters wide. The remaining coalition soldiers rushed up from the rear carrying ladders, stepping on the arrow shields. With the " wooden bridges" one by one, they easily bypassed the sparsely arranged Luzhai and put the ladder on the city wall.

Part of the original west city defenders were sent to rescue the south city, and part of them rushed down to the city to block the gap. There were not many soldiers left at the top of the city, and they had to help attack the enemies in the gap. They could not give a big blow to the enemies close to the city wall. Killing, it is also difficult to stop the enemy's ants from attacking the city, so they have to ask for help.

But now the Dionian coalition forces in the southern city are attacking fiercely, and the Lola warriors wearing armor are not as protective as the opponents. In frontal fighting, they often win less and lose more, and can only barely support it. The defense of the city walls on the east and north sides mainly relied on the people in the city. To be able to fight until now and not be broken by the enemy has already paid a lot of sacrifices. Now the entire city of Lola is under attack from all sides. The whole city is in a tight situation and there are no extra troops to send.

The battle continued until noon. Zantiparis, who was watching the development of the battle outside the southern city, received the long-awaited good news: Allied soldiers had captured the western city!
Zanti Paris suddenly let out a sigh of relief and relaxed: Lola City was finally taken!

Although for him, this is the first time he has independently led a battle since joining the Kingdom of Dionia, but he has achieved such great results in his first battle, and it may be possible to realize his original wish in his lifetime - —Become a real legion commander and wash away his previous shame (referring to the Laodicean case, when he was serving as an inspector in the Ministry of Military Affairs, but he did not perform his duties conscientiously, resulting in poor supervision and letting some incompetent people Team officer gets promoted).

But at this moment, he was a little unhappy: from the siege of Lola City to the present, the army he led had suffered more than 500 casualties. Although most of them were injured, this ratio was already very high for a team of only 4,000 people. , I'm afraid I will be criticized afterwards.

Therefore, he issued an order to the messenger: "Inform all the brigades not to rush in too much after entering the city, to slow down the attack speed, to protect themselves and to reduce casualties!"

The new recruits were inexperienced, so they could only keep reminding them... Watching the messenger leave, Zantiparis sighed softly, rubbed his sore old waist with his hands, and said: "Go and bring me a chair. "

Lola City's defense was like an inflated pig's urine bubble. Once it was broken, the entire defense soon collapsed. However, Zantiparis's worries soon came true. The Lola defenders and people who retreated from the city head to the city did not surrender. They still stubbornly blocked the coalition's advance in the city. This angered the people who were attacking the city. The coalition soldiers who suffered a lot of casualties, especially the Campanian soldiers who had been tortured by the Samnite army before, not only increased their offensive efforts, but also regarded all men, women, old and young in the city as enemies and killed them.

The people of Lora were outnumbered, and there was no acropolis in the city for final defense like the common acropolis in Greek city-states. By the afternoon, almost all the people in Lola were killed and the city was completely occupied by the coalition forces .

However, the coalition leaders did not feel the joy of victory, because a spy from Abenirum brought them bad news: thousands of Kautini warriors left Beneventum early in the morning. Marching westward.

The coalition generals headed by Zantiparis and Aialos immediately became nervous. They were worried that this Samnite army was coming to rescue Lola. Fortunately, they no longer needed to worry about the instability of order in the city of Lola.

After deliberation, the coalition generals decided to let the soldiers repair themselves quickly and eat rations in order to regain their strength as soon as possible. The cleaning of the entire battlefield, the removal of military camps outside the city, and the inventory of materials in the city... were all handed over to the officials of Enona, and the people of Enona, Campania and Naconia were also directed to be responsible. In fact This is equivalent to handing over the management of Lola City to Dionia.

For the Campanians, there is no alternative. The Samnite coalition invaded on a large scale, killing and plundering a large number of Camparians, destroying towns and villages. Dozens of miles around the city of Naples almost became a wilderness. Now the population of the Campania coalition is simply insufficient. In order to fill these wastelands, how can we covet the land in the eastern plain of Campania? What's more, it is close to the mountains and is more vulnerable to attacks by the Samnites. The Dionians stationed here can instead become Campania. The safety barrier of the Nia Alliance.

For Dionia, after the Third Army defeated the Cavutini invasion of the Campania League, it had formulated a punishment plan to occupy Lola, Sessala, and Capua. It's just about picking up this plan again. Adriankes sent Enona officials to lead the people here, on the one hand to help the coalition forces attack the city, and on the other hand, he also wanted to quickly take over the city after capturing Lola.

The Kingdom of Dionia and the Alliance of Campania naturally reached a tacit understanding without saying a word, each getting what they needed. But now, the Samnite reinforcements that may arrive at any time are likely to make the victory they bought with the blood of their soldiers come to naught.

Fortunately, it is about ninety miles from Beneventum to Lola, half of which is a mountain road. Therefore, several Campania League generals believed that it was impossible for the Cavoutini to reach Lola in one day. Pulled.

As the saying goes, whatever you fear comes, come. As dusk approached, the reconnaissance cavalry sent to the north to pay close attention to the enemy's movements hurried back to report that a Samnite army had left the Abela Pass and was heading towards Lola. When they arrived, their soldiers numbered about ten thousand.

The generals of the Campania League were all surprised when they heard the news: they had heard from the Abenirum spies that the enemy only had a few thousand people. How come it turned out to be 10,000 people in just a few hours? !
Immediately some generals expressed doubts: "Have you properly detected the number of enemies?! Check it again!"

Some generals suggested: "The Samnite people are coming fiercely, and our soldiers have just gone through a fierce battle. Not only are they very tired, but they have also suffered some casualties and are in urgent need of rest. In addition, the Lola city wall is now broken and cannot hold on." , why not... why not lead the army to retreat first, and then fight again after being fully prepared..."

His suggestion was actually approved by several generals. Even Aialos hesitated and could not make a decision for a while, so he could only turn his attention to Zantiparis.

Zantiparis looked around at the Campanian generals, and he understood in his heart: Although they captured the city of Lola and won a victory over the Samnites, the Campanian alliance had faced the Samnites for decades. The continuous failures of the Nai people have made them fear the Samnai people in their hearts. Once the situation becomes unfavorable, their first thought is to retreat. He must give them the courage to fight!

Zantiparis pondered for a moment, and then said in a deep voice: "Everyone, if we want to retreat, there are several issues you must consider first. First, what should we do with these tens of thousands of people? They are not soldiers. They are young and strong. , and discipline. There are many old men and women among them. They move slowly and lack organization. Once they are allowed to retreat, the scene will be chaotic. The Samnite marches so fast. Once they catch up, it will be What a disaster!
Secondly, the war launched by the Samnites has caused huge losses to the Campania League. We finally captured Lola and were able to block the Samnites in the mountains and prevent their attack. Another invasion, but now we have to give up Lola. Once we give up, it will not be so easy to take it back again. The Samnites will definitely learn their lesson and deploy enough warriors here, which will form a stalemate. .

The main force of our Dionysian army is in the east, fighting in the mountains, which is the homeland of the Samnites. The battle must be very difficult. There will be no results in a short time, and it is impossible for me to get new reinforcements here. , for the kingdom was also engaged in larger wars in Sicily and Latium.

Once the war situation reaches a stalemate, it will be disadvantageous for you. Because the Samnites can use their best attack method - harassment. After experiencing the large-scale invasion of the Samnites, you originally needed to lead the people to rebuild their homes, harvest and cultivate the destroyed farmland, and there was not much grazing. cattle and sheep... But once the Samnites return to the Campania plain, will anyone dare to leave the town? There is a lack of food, accommodation is difficult, and it is difficult for the people to return home. They are bound to be full of dissatisfaction and complaints. The next governance of your city-state will become more difficult..."

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 876 Battle of Lola (1)The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 876 Battle of Lola (1)-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Zantiparis's sincere words greatly touched the generals of the Campania League. Aialos immediately thought of the plight of Naples: too many refugees were concentrated in the city, food was scarce, order was difficult to control, and finally The fear is about the occurrence of epidemics.

The generals of cities like Herculaneum and Litrum are eager to lead the people back to their homes, but their towns are in ruins. Once the Samnites invade again, it will be difficult for them to defend themselves... Will they have to defend themselves in the future? Continue hiding in Naples? Not only are the people intolerable, but their citizen soldiers may also oppose it.

Seeing that the generals of the Campania Alliance were thinking sadly, Zantiparis said: "Our soldiers are indeed a little tired after the hard battle, but they have time to rest at least, but don't the Samnites who came from afar not Are you tired?! It took them a whole day to get here from Beneventom. I'm afraid they didn't get much rest on the way. They would only be more tired than our soldiers. They can still run as fast as they did before. Wind?!

Besides, our soldiers have just captured the city of Lola and their confidence has been boosted. However, the Samnite people are worried about Lola and are anxious, so their fighting spirit is not as good as our soldiers. What's more, even if the Samnite reinforcements There are 10,000 soldiers. Our soldiers still outnumber them. Don't forget that their team also includes more than 2,000 warriors from Nakonia. The spies of Abenirum have already said that they have We sent someone to quietly contact the leader of the Naconian army, so these more than 2,000 Naconian soldiers are not allies of the Samonian reinforcements, but are helping us at a critical moment! "

When Zantiparis said this, his mood became high-spirited: "Everyone, we have so many advantages. We should seize this favorable opportunity in time to proactively confront the invading enemies, defeat them, and drive them away completely. Get out of the Campania plain and let the people of your Campania alliance find peace and tranquility!” Xantiparis's words made most of the generals feel excited and their doubts disappeared.

But some people raised objections: "Can the words of the Abenirum people be believed?!" The Samnites and the Campanians have been fighting for decades, and both sides regard them as mortal enemies. How can they be believed easily?

Before Zantiparis could answer, Aialos said first: "The Abenirumites assisted General Alexis in defeating the Samnite army in the mountains, and are still besieging Beneventum, why not Worthy of trust! Abenirum is Dionia's ally, and of course our friend! The same goes for the Nakonians. Don't forget that we were able to capture Lola City because of their contributions!"

In fact, it is not that the Naconian people had no conflicts with the Campanians in Lola, but Enona officials tried to separate their work to reduce contact. For example, the work of trimming tree trunks and digging soil was all handed over. To the Nakonian people, they were not allowed to participate in the construction of the earth mountain, and they were allowed to rest further south in Nakonia at night. Of course, another reason for this was to prevent the Lola defenders from seeing the Nakonians and Dionia has close contacts so as not to bring disadvantages to the Enona warriors who are still in the Samnite coalition.

The general stopped talking.

Aialos looked at Zantiparis and asked solemnly: "If we lead the army to meet the Samnite reinforcements as you said, can we win?"

Zantiparis answered equally solemnly: "As long as we fight with all our strength, we can win!"

Aialos' previous concern was that once the coalition forces were defeated, it would be difficult for the slow-moving Campania heavy infantry to escape the pursuit of the Samnites. By then, the situation of the Campania Alliance would become worse even than before .Oops.

However, the Dionysian army fought twice on the Campania plain, and he personally participated in and assisted, and was impressed by the strong military capabilities of Dionysus. Therefore, Zantiparis's affirmation gave him confidence, So he faced the generals of the Camparian Alliance and said loudly: "Everyone, with the full help of the Dionian Allies, we will definitely be able to defeat the Samnites! Don't hesitate any more, call the soldiers immediately, Go out of the city to meet the enemy and drive them completely from the plains of Campania!” This time no one objected.

………………………………… When the Dionian coalition formed outside the city of Lola early in the morning, the Lola defenders felt something bad. They asked a small team to sneak out of the city. After paying many casualties, they rushed in from the hilly area in the southeast. Ridge, escaped the siege, and rushed to Beneventom for help. At noon, just at the entrance of the mountain road from Cavutim to Beneventum, they encountered Segovani's returning army.

Segovani learned that the city of Lola was in danger, and without hesitation issued the order to "speed up the entire army" and at the same time sent spies to quickly inform Sesala.

In this way, Cavutini's army left the mountains and entered Cavutim's territory. They did not enter the city to rest at all, but continued to march forward, passing through the wider passes between the mountains and arriving at Abella. ). Here, they joined the 1,300 warriors sent by Sesala, bringing the total force to more than 9,000. This is the largest force that the Kautini tribe can send now.

This army walked out of the pass, entered the Campania plain, bypassed the mountains, turned south, and headed straight for the city of Lola.

Although the road from Kautim to Lola is all flat, the day's march still made the Samonei mountain people who were good at running and full of physical strength feel tired. Many tribal leaders asked Segovani: Let the soldiers rest for a bit.

But he was rejected by Segovani. In the descriptions of several Lola messengers, he had realized the determination of the Dionia-Campania coalition to capture Lola, and he had to go as soon as possible. Reinforcements to prevent this town, which is very important to the Cavutini tribe, from being controlled by the Dionians, because that means that the southern part of the Cavutini territory will be cut off, which he cannot allow.

About ten miles away from the city of Lola, Segovani received a report from the spies sent to Lola to investigate: "The enemy's army is coming out of the city of Lola and is coming towards us. There are many soldiers!"

“Are you sure the enemy came from Lola City??!” Segovani looked in disbelief.

"Big Chief, when we approached the city of Lola...the battle was over. We only saw many Campanians carrying corpses outside the city...the enemy did leave the city through the north gate of Lola. They were fully dressed, It doesn't look like the battle that just ended..." Detective Cavutini said with a sad expression.

Segovani was shocked. Although he led an army to help urgently, he did not think that the Dionysian coalition could capture Lola City, which was defended by thousands of Kautini warriors, in just a few days. Now the situation has developed beyond his expectation.

But he only pondered for a while, and then said fiercely to the somewhat bewildered leaders: "Didn't we keep complaining, 'If the Campanians didn't hide in the city like turtles and didn't dare to fight us, we would We have long occupied the entire Campania plain!' Now the opportunity has come. Those timid Campanians dare to take the initiative to attack us. They really think that with the help of the Dionysians, they can From a group of rabbits to wolves?! Their number is about the same as ours, and they have just finished their siege, so they come at the right time. We can kill them completely, not only to recapture Lola, but also the entire Campania There will no longer be any force to stop us on the plains, and the situation on the entire battlefield will be changed by us Kautini people!"

The leaders were aroused by Segovani's fighting spirit, and they all clamored to fight the enemy to the death.

Therefore, the order "the whole army stopped advancing, rested on the spot, and began to form array" was executed by the leaders.

Before, Vasonk had been anxious. He originally thought that the Cavutini army would rest in Cavutim City after walking through the mountain road. Unexpectedly, they came all the way to Lola, so he could only quietly Send his men to inform other Naconian leaders about the news that "the Naconian people have escaped from Segovani's control and have formed an alliance with Dionia."

Now that he got the news that "there is going to be a battle with the Campanians, the entire army will start to form a formation." Vassunke felt even more anxious, because Segovani also gave a tyrannical order: the armies of various tribes in Naconia must immediately Follow the prescribed instructions and disperse to the designated positions in the military formation. No refusal or delay is allowed!
The designated position Segovani refers to is to place the armies of more than a dozen Naconian tribes widely in the front or rear of the left, center, and right wings of the entire military formation, so that they cannot communicate with each other during battle. , let alone cooperate with each other.

In fact, the Naconian army is now a hot potato for Segovani. Based on what he did in his territory before and now that Dionia has occupied Naconia (he believes that Naconia (Nia was occupied by Dionia), if the Naconian army knows the truth, rebellion is certain.

According to Segovani's idea, it would be best to completely dismantle them and forcibly integrate them into the armies of other tribes. This would of course provoke resistance from the Naconian army. It was not that Segovani didn't try at the beginning. When the Samnite coalition forces met in Beneventum, he made this suggestion to several other tribal leaders, hoping to use the superiority of the coalition forces to suppress the Nas. The resistance of the Konya soldiers took the opportunity to break them up.

However, this proposal was opposed by Badani and Kontruk, especially Kontruk. He sternly rebuked this approach. He believed that it was Quinduq's fault for colluding with foreign enemies. He and his tribe had been subjected to They were punished, and the other Naconian tribesmen performed so bravely in the battle (the Naconian army was driven by Segovani and always charged forward) that it was enough to make up for their past mistakes, and the leaders of each tribe It is the military tradition of the Samnites to lead their tribesmen in battle, and destroying this tradition will only frighten other tribes.

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 877 Battle of Lola (2)The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 877 Battle of Lola (2)-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Contruni's words hit the mark on what Segovani was worried about. When he discussed privately with other Kautini leaders who were closely related to him, he also encountered strong opposition, which forced him to give up. .

But the situation of the war changed so quickly that he had no time to think of a better way to solve the problem of the Naconian army. The rumors in Beneventum were spread by him in order to confuse the public. Although the effect seemed to be good, it was only a temporary measure. It is also expedient to disperse the Naconian tribal armies in the military formation. But if they are not sent out to fight, where will these more than 2,000 Naconian warriors be placed? Cavutim or Abela? This will only make Segovani even more uneasy, and he firmly believes that only under such an arrangement, the Naconian soldiers will fight bravely and not dare to mess around.

This is indeed the case. The reason why Vasonk is anxious is because the Naconian army seems to be a whole, but in fact there is no leader who can convince everyone and make them obey orders. Everyone is temporarily elected and leading the army for the first time. None of the young people had much prestige, including Vasonk. Although they knew that Segovani's order was not good for them, with the Naconian army at a numerical disadvantage and surrounded by other tribal warriors, no young Naconian commander had the confidence or courage to stand up. , raise your arms, and then all Naconian warriors will obey the order and launch a rebellion.

So, although the Naconian generals expressed their opposition, they finally obeyed the order unwillingly and led their troops to leave. And this dispersion makes it impossible to communicate with each other during battle, let alone to achieve unified action.

ˆ Vasonk couldn't do anything when he saw the situation. He could only curse the cruel and cunning Segovani in his heart, and waited for the opportunity.

Segovani adopted the traditional fighting method of the Samnites against the Greek army. The horizontal lines of the military formation were very long, as long as three miles, and the length of the columns was not small. This was because the Samoni military formations It is very loose, and the distance between warriors is large, making it easy for them to pass through each other.

At dusk, when the sun had set over the sea in the west and the sky and sea were dyed golden, the enemy figures appeared in Segovani's field of vision. Their thick armor was slanted by the sunset, giving off an eerie glow. A sparkling but not dazzling light.

The wall of light on the opposite side did not scare Segovani and the soldiers. On the contrary, they felt reassured because they had defeated such opponents countless times in the past, but the length of the opponent's army exceeded Segovani's ;s expectations. , it extended to both sides, so that Segovani could not even see both ends of it. This was somewhat different from the dense and thick square formation tactics of the Campania army in the past.

Is this the way the Dionians fight? Segovani murmured in his heart that although he and the Dionians had fought once, it was a pursuit battle and the two sides had not yet had a formal battle.

But he could see that the opponent's soldiers were still densely arranged, so the opponent's column must be thin. Of course, Segovani could guess why the opponent had formed a military formation before they arrived at the battle site . This obviously meant that the Campanians had learned lessons from the past, because the clumsy Campanian army was always there. While forming a slow formation, they were attacked from a distance by the fast-moving Cavutini warriors.

ˆ Segovani hesitated for a moment, but decided not to adjust the deployment easily, but to test it out for a while and see what the situation was.

The Dionysian coalition stopped advancing when they were less than 400 meters away from the opponent. This military formation, which was 3.2 miles long but had only three horizontal lines, had become winding after advancing for a certain distance. Before fighting, straighten the battle lines again.

There are more than 6,000 heavy infantry in the center of this military formation (including about 1,500 reserve legion soldiers from Dionia), and then there are 3,000 mixed light armor and light infantry troops on both sides, including the Dionia light infantry brigade. Connected, there are 500 Dionian light armored soldiers at both ends. In addition, there are more than 200 Campanian cavalry on the outermost left wing, with a total strength of approximately 11,400.

Dionia's opponent, Cavutini's army, has a total strength of more than 9,000 people, with an array of three miles long. Most of its troops are light infantry. These light infantry are also divided into two types, one is pure javelinmen, The other type is light infantry with long shields, who can fight with both javelins and spears. They form the main component of the Cavutini army formation. Only in the rear of the center are there nearly a thousand armored infantry. Segovani led it himself.

Cavutini and the League of Campania, two sworn enemies for decades, today, on the edge of the eastern plain of Campania, each has devoted all its forces and is about to engage in a battle that will determine their respective fates. .

But just when the Dionia coalition stopped and began to reorganize their formation, Segovani had already given the order first, and the light infantry in the middle of the Kautini army began to move forward. When the middle moved, the left and right wings They also moved one after another.

The movement of the Cavutini military formation is different from the heavy and slow movement of the Greek military formation, and its speed is very fast.

Aialos knew this very well. As the commander-in-chief of the Naples army, he stood in the front row of the array. Zantiparis once advised him to "not go to the front line in person, but to command the overall situation from the rear." He politely refused. The generals elected by most Greek city-states often stayed on the front line during battles to show that they were no different from the soldiers in status, so as to avoid being criticized by the citizens after the war. Naples was no exception, especially at such an important time. time.

At this moment, he took off his Corinthian helmet without hesitation and threw it on the ground. The other Campania heavy infantry also took off their Corinthian helmets according to the pre-planned plan like Aialos, and all of them suddenly realized their vision. Open and relaxed. Only the Dionian heavy infantry did not take it off because they wore open helmets.

Aeolus looked around, raised the spear in his hand, and shouted loudly: "Apollo bless us! We must pursue bravely and never stop!"

The surrounding soldiers and team officers also shouted: "Pursue bravely and never stop!!..."

When the Cavutini army approached 50 meters, almost all the Dionian coalition soldiers were shouting, and their fighting spirit was very high.

Zantiparis, who was riding behind and riding on a horse, heard the thunderous roar and his nervous mood became much calmer.

“Attack!” he shouted.

"Woo!..." The high-pitched bugle sound made the entire long military column, whether heavy infantry, light infantry, light armor, or cavalry, begin to advance.

The sudden forward movement of the Dionia coalition did not have any impact on the warriors at the forefront of the Cavutini army. They stopped at a suitable distance, threw the javelins in their hands, and then They prepare to retreat through the gap, so that the warriors behind them are in the forefront, and they continue to throw javelins... Repeatedly, in this way, even if the opponent is advancing, they always keep a distance from the opponent. The javelins continued to be thrown, causing great damage to the opponent's dense phalanx.

In the past, the Campania League had not received specialized training. It had neither light infantry that could compete with it nor designed tactics specifically for independent light infantry. It was impossible for the temporarily recruited civilian light infantry to fight against almost all of its members. He is a powerful Cavoutini harpooneer, so often after three or four rounds of throwing, the Campania army has to stop advancing.

Then, the Cavoutini warriors immediately switched from retreat to attack, still throwing waves of javelins to attack. When they threw all the javelins in their hands, the Campanians had basically fallen into chaos due to too many casualties. After that, Cavutini's armored infantry and light spear-carrying infantry made the final impact, often defeating them in one blow and establishing the victory.

But now, the Cavutini warriors were surprised to see the heavy infantry on the opposite side speeding up and getting faster and faster.

Are they going to charge? ! Don't they know that it's impossible for us to hedge against them, and with their cumbersome speed, it's impossible for them to catch up with us! ...Although the Kautini warriors were surprised, as the distance got closer, they had to move backwards, and their first round of javelin, according to custom, because the distance was still far (more than 30 meters), so they took Throwing it slightly upward can make the javelin fly longer, and the location where it falls is often in the middle and rear of the opponent's formation, thus causing chaos in the entire formation and disjointing it from front to back, making it easier for the next attack. However, the opponent's sudden acceleration and thin columns caused most of the javelins thrown to miss.

The coalition heavy infantry who had escaped the javelin attack became more confident. They raised their round shields at an angle and half-protected their heads, and their steps became more powerful and faster. This caused the distance between the two sides to be quickly shortened to less than 20 meters, and the Cavutini warrior who subsequently threw the javelin had no time to be more fully prepared, so he hurriedly threw the javelin in his hand.

The 500 Naconian warriors led by Vasonk were part of this second wave of attacks. They had received hints from Vasonk in advance. Most of the warriors threw their javelins into the sky at will, and then immediately retreated. withdraw.

The Greek heavy infantry's desperate charge made Vasonk's mind change rapidly.

Even though the Kautini warriors threw in a hurry, they were experienced and took a straight shot in this round of javelin throwing. Countless heavy javelins were thrown by the warriors' strong arms and driven by the leather ropes. With some rotation, they pierced the shields protecting the heavy infantry. Many javelins penetrated the shields directly, causing injuries to some heavy infantry.

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 878 Battle of Lola (3)The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 878 Battle of Lola (3)-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui But this did not stop the Greek heavy infantry from advancing, but forced them to rush forward desperately. They all remembered what the team officers warned them before the war: "You must spare no effort and rush forward regardless of everything. As long as you catch up with those The cowardly Cavutini enemies, keep them from throwing javelins, and then we will be safe!…” The third wave of javelin attacks from Cavutini's military formation did not come immediately because the distance was too close. Not to mention there was no time to throw, and there was no time to even exchange positions with the warriors in the front row who had just finished throwing.

After the war began, Kautini warriors and even Samnite warriors, under the leadership of their tribal leaders, generally followed traditional combat routines, but their actions were basically free. They could make their own choices based on changes in battlefield conditions. Whether it is attacking or retreating, because its formation is very loose and the intervals are relatively large, the entire military formation is flexible during the battle.

Now all the Kautini warriors (including the big leader Segovani) began to turn around and run back. They were not afraid of such an attack by the enemy because they firmly believed that the Greeks could not run away from them. When people no longer have physical strength, it will be time for them to attack at will.

Compared to the heavy infantry in the center, the lightly armed coalition infantry on both wings sprinted faster. The Cavutini warriors only threw the first round of javelins, causing some damage, and then had to start retreating. In fact, judging from the equipment of both sides, they can rush forward to fight each other, but based on the habit of long-term fighting (using javelins to cause chaos to the opponent before fighting at close range), and the fear of being entangled, they will be attacked by the approaching enemy. surrounded by the enemy, these tribal leaders were not so selfless, letting the warriors of their own tribe attract enemies for others.

As for the light armored soldiers at both ends of the military formation, there were no Campanian warriors in front of them. These Dionian citizens from the Lucanian mountainous area, without enemy obstruction, stretched out their strong legs and enjoyed themselves. Running, in fact, their position was almost level with the front-line warriors of Cavutini on the inside, but they did not turn to the inside to attack, but continued to move forward.

The Campania cavalry originally on the outside of the left wing were faster, and the running horses had brought them to the side and rear of Cavutini's formation, but they did not have the courage to directly intercept the hundreds of retreating enemies. Instead, he just waved his lance and approached them from the side, hoping to force them to go to the middle, thereby blocking the enemy's passage in other positions and slowing down the retreat of the entire army.

But after the Cavutini warriors threw javelins and shot down a dozen cavalrymen, these Campanian cavalry no longer dared to approach the enemy.

It was supposed to be a fierce battle, but unexpectedly it turned into a large-scale running competition. On the long front of more than three miles, both the Dionian coalition and the Cavutini warriors were working hard. The running caused the ground to rumble and dust to fly everywhere.

After running for a period of time, the Dionian heavy infantry, who was starting to get a little out of breath, heard the gasping shouts of the officers: "Throw...throw away the long shield...throw away the long shield!"

They did so without hesitation, and once they threw away their heaviest long shields and just held the bayonet, their bodies felt relaxed. Their speed was maintained, and the distance from the Cavutini warriors was not widened.

This was originally a planned plan, and the Campanian heavy infantry was influenced by it. Under the leadership of the generals headed by Aialos, they also threw away their round shields one after another.

The Campanian heavy infantry who did not wear helmets and did not hold round shields were indeed a little uncomfortable at first, but they gradually adapted as they kept running.

The Cavutini warriors thought that the Greeks would stop as usual after a charge, but they did not expect that the Greeks would not stop running. Although they looked back and saw that the other party had thrown away their helmets and shields. Logically speaking, this was the best time to attack with a javelin, but the two sides were too close. Throwing a javelin requires a little preparation time, and this In just a few seconds, the enemy may rush in front of them. When the entire army is retreating , no tribal leader will take the initiative to ask the people to stop and attack. They will only think: faster, and then attack again. Hurry up! After running for a while, these iron cans will lose their energy! … But in fact, it was the Cavutini warriors who felt weak first. They were eager to rescue Lola and marched all the way without rest or food. When they arrived here, they were already very tired. Coupled with the sudden and intense running, their muscles all over the body were exhausted. They all began to feel sore. The reason why they were still persisting was because of the tough character of the mountain people. In order to keep themselves running, they also began to throw away the long shields in their hands...

Segovani never expected that the enemy, with the Campanians as the main force, would adopt such a way to conduct the battle, and they were still using the previous combat methods to deal with the different enemies. When he felt sore all over and had difficulty breathing, and the guards around him were gasping for breath, he suddenly realized that the enemy's strange attack method might have hit their weak point, but at this moment, even if he wanted to let everyone It is impossible for the army to stop and fight back, because the battle has already begun and the whole army is running, making it impossible to convey orders.

The dizziness caused by fatigue and cerebral ischemia prevented Segovani from thinking carefully. He simply said: Let's compete to see who can run!
After a period of running, the entire Dionia coalition military formation has turned into a huge crescent formation with the center back and the wings protruding forward. The array is no longer continuous and there are many gaps, especially in the center. This worried Zantiparis' entourage who was following the team: “General... if you continue running like this, the gap in the array in the middle will... become wider and wider. If the enemy takes the opportunity to attack... but Trouble! Do you want... do you want the light armored force to attack now?"

Segovani can no longer command the entire Cavutini army, nor can Zantiparis, but he can still command the Dionian army, especially the light armored soldiers at both ends, because he has been using reconnaissance cavalry to fight with them Stay in touch.

His men were paying attention to the heavy infantry in front, while he, who was riding a horse, kept looking at the Cavutini warriors in front. Their swaying backs and heavy steps allowed him to feel the difficulty of their running. The most important thing was It's because the distance between them and their own soldiers has never been widened.

It can be seen that his use of this tactic has seen results. Both sides have exhausted their physical strength, but for the Cavutini warriors, they have lost the speed that is the most troublesome for the Campanian soldiers.

Hence, he said confidently: "Don't worry, let them continue chasing."

Zantiparis was not afraid of the Cavutini warriors stopping to attack, because a close fight was exactly what the coalition wanted. Even if they tore up the coalition's formation, he still believed that the final victory belonged to the coalition because he had the greatest confidence. From the 4,000 Lucanian reserve legion soldiers, they are all young citizens who were personally selected by him and have strong bodies and rigorous training. They are familiar with the Dionian legion system and their fighting spirit will not be confused by friendly forces. If it is shaken, it can rely on its tight organization to gain an advantage in the melee.

Furthermore, Zantiparis has another expectation, an expectation that can completely change the entire battle.

Zantiparis' eyes searched among the densely packed Cavutini warriors in front: there was red everywhere, who are the Naconian warriors? !
At this time, 500 tribal warriors from Afangum, the second largest tribe in Naconia, were located in the middle left of the center of Kautini's army. Wasonk was not idle during the retreat. On the one hand, he sent his men to gather the soldiers to prevent them from running away; on the other hand, he also asked his men to convey his hints.

The persistent pursuit of the Dionian coalition allowed Vasonk to see the determination of the Greeks to fight (this was rarely seen in previous battles with the Campanians), and he was worried that he would keep running like this. If the Kautini army really gets rid of the Dionia coalition, they will lose a great opportunity to break away from Segovani's control.

Since we can no longer contact other Naconian tribes, we might as well go it alone! ... Vasonk decided not to wait any longer. He took a deep breath, resolutely raised the spear in his hand high in the air, and shouted angrily: "Naconians, revenge!"

The surrounding guards who had been prepared immediately shouted: "Naconians, revenge!!"

Suddenly other Naconian warriors responded. While shouting, they thrust their spears at other warriors of the neighboring Kautini tribe.

Before the war, the neighboring tribal leaders privately accepted Segovani's order to monitor and alert the Naconian tribe. However, after the war began, the soldiers were focused on retreating. He was so anxious that he had no energy to take care of anything else. At the same time, he gradually lost his defense against the Naconian soldiers.

Unexpectedly, a sudden change occurred. The warriors of the Afangum tribe launched attacks in all directions, stabbing down many Kautini warriors at once. The other Kautini warriors were shocked, and their first reaction was not to fight back, but They wanted to avoid these crazy Naconian warriors and continue to retreat, because they did not forget that there were enemies chasing after them.

But they all fled to the outside, which naturally blocked the retreat path of the soldiers behind, causing the area that suddenly became chaotic to spread outward.

The Cavutini warriors behind were only blocked for more than ten seconds. The coalition soldiers chasing them had already arrived, and stabbing spears suddenly pierced them.

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 879 The outcome of the Samnite tribe alliance (1)The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 879 The Ending of the Samnite Tribe Alliance (1)-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui The center of the Afangum tribe blossomed, and the coalition soldiers killed fiercely in the rear. The Kautini warriors who were unable to defend themselves and were attacked from both sides fled in panic. Some warriors even loudly reminded other tribes: "The Nakonians have rebelled! Nako The Nians have rebelled!!..."

Mixed with the neat and loud shouts of the Avangum people: "Revenge of the Nakonians!!..." Even if there are constant fighting and screaming in this area, these sounds can still be transmitted to distant areas. , let other tribal warriors hear it, which not only made the Kautini warriors wary, but also let other Naconian tribal warriors know the situation, forcing them to take immediate action.
As a result, one Naconian tribe warrior launched another rebellion and attacked the surrounding Kautini warriors.

Originally, Segovani dispersed the Naconian tribes throughout the military formation in order to prevent them from rebelling, and at the same time force them to fight with all their strength for their survival in the military formation. Unexpectedly, instead, he shot them with stones. The sudden rebellion of warriors from various tribes in Naconia caused the entire military formation of Cavutini's army to become chaotic.

Zantiparis discovered the anomaly in the enemy's formation, and took the opportunity to notify the light armored soldiers at both ends to attack inward. Coupled with the attacks of the pursuing coalition soldiers, the Cavutini army quickly changed from the original planned retreat to a complete retreat. rout.

Even some Cavutini warriors who were frightened by the constant news of rebellion became suspicious and stabbed their teammates with spears who had no intention of getting close to them. Under the dim sky, the Kautini warriors had no fighting spirit. They trampled and killed each other on the way to escape, causing countless casualties.

By nightfall, when the Dionian coalition stopped their pursuit, only nearly 2,000 Kautini warriors were able to escape, including the big leader Segovani, who finally fled into the city of Sessala. The coalition lost less than 500 people and gained support from more than 2,000 Naconian warriors, which strengthened its strength again.

Early the next morning, after a night's rest, the Dionysian coalition troops divided into two groups and marched northward, aiming directly at Sessala and Abella.

At noon, the army, mainly Campania League soldiers, arrived at the city of Thessara, only to find that it had become an empty city.

It turned out that after the remnants of Cavoutini's army fled back to Sessala, Segovani, who had calmed down a little, while angrily cursing the rebellious Naconians, also realized that he could no longer stay in this city because that day When the enemy is attacking, they only need to detach part of their troops to surround Sesala, which has only 2,000 soldiers garrisoned. Then they can lead the main force to directly attack Abela, which is in the pass of the mountain pass and is undefended, thereby directly attacking the same defensive void. Cavutim, in that case, Cavutini would be finished.

Hence, Segovani mobilized the entire city to relocate that night.

Although the Thessala people were extremely reluctant to leave, they did not want to make the same mistake as Lola, so everyone carried their belongings, supported the old and the young, and retreated towards Abela and Kautim overnight.

ˆHencefore, when the Dionian coalition forces, mainly composed of Dionian and Naconian soldiers, arrived at the mountain pass, Segovani led only 2,000 soldiers to garrison the small town of Abela, blocking the eastward march of the coalition forces. defile.

………………………………………… On the same day, about 10,000 soldiers of the 10th and 11th legions led by Cappus captured the small town of Eequium after a day of hard fighting, and fought with Alexis, who was directly west of the Samnite Mountains. The coalition forces responded and threatened to completely surround Shirpini territory.

After the troops of the Kautini and Penteni tribes left one after another, the strength of the army in Beneventum was significantly weakened. In order to reduce unnecessary casualties, Lesguk had stopped attacking out of the city. Instead, Dio The Nian coalition soldiers approached the city, but they were not here to attack the city. Instead, Gairni, the leader of Abenirum, led the people to keep shouting under the city.

ˆ Gairni counted the defeats Lesguk suffered since he launched a war against Dionia without permission, as well as the specific number of casualties and captured Hilpinian warriors.

He also shouted loudly to the city: "Compatriots of Shilpini, now Aquilonia and Eequium have been captured by the Dionian coalition forces one after another, and the Shilpini territory is already surrounded by the coalition forces, so You should no longer blindly follow Lesguk and continue to fight against the Dionian coalition, otherwise the coalition will send troops to capture your towns, destroy your settlements, capture your families, and completely destroy your tribe!... "

At the same time, he also made a promise: "As long as the tribal leaders and warriors surrender to Dionia, it would be better if Lesguk can be captured. Not only will your previous violation of Dionia be forgiven, but the territory and family will be restored." Preservation, and the originally captured warriors of the tribe will be released home, and the injured warriors will also receive careful treatment from Dr. Dionia..."

Gharni's repeated shouting outside the city had a great impact on the leaders and warriors of the Shirpini tribe in the city.

Lesguk began to see the leaders of the Shirpini tribes quietly gathering their own warriors and discussing something in secret, which made him secretly frightened.

Not long after, the news that "Cautini's army suffered a disastrous defeat in the Campania plain" reached the city of Beneventum, which made people panic even more.

At this moment, under the repeated urging of Alexis, the leader of Aquilonia rushed to the coalition camp. He also followed Gairni and shouted outside the city, which finally led to the fact that he was originally sent to Beneventum and followed him. The Aquilonian warriors from Lesguk's expedition were the first to stand up and ask Lesguk: They should respond to the leader's call, leave Beneventum and join Dionia.

Aquilonia is the third largest combined tribal town of the Shilpini tribe. After several battles, there are still more than 700 warriors, which occupies a considerable place in the Shilpini army that currently has only more than 4,000 warriors. Large proportions. And closely following Aquilonia were the warriors of Eequium, who also decided to surrender to Dionia in order to save their captured families.

The various tribes within the Shirpini tribe are equal in terms of political status. They elect a chief and obey the orders of the chief. However, this is not a legal requirement, but is based on the long tradition of the tribe, but the tradition is also It is stipulated that they can refuse to execute the orders of the great leader at any time based on their own circumstances, so whether it is the Shirpini tribe or other Samoni tribes, in fact they are still a loose political alliance within them.

Perhaps because of the characteristics of the mountain people, the tribes have inconvenient transportation and unified jurisdiction. Therefore, they are more independent and free in political status, but this makes Lesguk unable to use it either politically or militarily. Coercive means were used to force him to stay (the total number of Aquilonian and Eequium warriors was 800, which also made Lesguk avoid the rat weapon).

With no choice but to make them swear in the name of the Savoni god, Lesguk had no choice but to make them swear that they would not be enemies of all the Samoni tribes after surrendering to Dionia.

阿奎隆尼亚和埃奎姆战士照做了。 于是，列司古克只能命令：打开城门，放这两个部落的战士离开。 阿莱克西斯带着联军高层对前来投降的他们表示了欢迎。 在城头目睹了整个过程的其他部落首领终于也不再犹豫，纷纷向列司古克提出要求：离开贝内文图姆，回去保卫自己的家园。 列司古克知道这些人说的都是谎话，恐怕真放他们出城，转眼就都去投靠了戴奥尼亚。他在放阿奎隆尼亚和埃奎姆战士离开时就预料到会出现这种情况，这些联合起来一起逼宫的希尔皮尼部落战士加起来有1000多人，如果不放他们离开，一旦让他们在城内闹将起来，反而会造成更大的灾难。 列司古克思虑再三，终于点头同意。 希尔皮尼部落纷纷离开，导致贝内文图姆城内人心惶惶，甚至影响到了卡拉切尼的军队，其首领和战士纷纷向孔特鲁克请求：离开贝内文图姆，回到自己的家园。 孔特鲁克虽然性格顽固保守，但也清楚如今萨莫奈联军的败局已定，敌众我寡，贝内文图姆陷落只是时间问题，卡拉切尼军队继续呆在城内，有全军覆没的危险。 所以，他以“被卡拉切尼各部落首领逼迫”为理由，又不好意思没有亲自去见列司古克，于是派了一个手下同列司古克打了一个招呼，自己直接带队从北城门出城，渡过河，离开了贝内文图姆。 援军一个一个的离开，让城内民众彻底陷入了恐慌，贝内文图姆各部落首领联袂前来面见列司古克，期期艾艾的请求：现在局势危急，贝内文图姆独木难支，为了城内各部落族民的生命安全，希望列司古克能够率全城军民向戴奥尼亚投降。 神情萧索的列司古克看着来请愿的首领中还有自己部落的长老，脸色更是阴郁，他沉默了许久，在首领们的一再催逼下，他冷冷的说了一句：“让我考虑考虑……”说完，就让护卫赶众人离开。 看着空荡荡的客厅，列司古克的心里同样是空荡荡的，他想起之前塞哥瓦尼骂过他的话，“你不配做一个部族大首领，做事不够果断，手段不够狠辣……” 列司古克惨然一笑，低声自语：“塞哥瓦尼，你说得没错……不过，我很想知道，手段狠辣的你接下来会怎么样拯救卡乌蒂姆，可惜……我看不到了……” 是夜，列司古克在府邸自杀，城内民众震恐，首领们紧急进行商议，第二天就派出使者前往戴奥尼亚军营。 感谢神经内科张医生、S骑士老王、被风吹过的夏天的打赏！你们的支持是我写作的动力！！ (本章完)

Chapter 880 The ending of the Samnite coalition (2)The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 880 The Ending of the Samnite Alliance (2)-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui When the word "surrender" came out of the mouth of the Beneventom envoy, Alexis was not too surprised, because except for Beneventom, the other Hilpini tribes had surrendered to Dio. After that, he learned that Karacheni's army had left the city of Beneventum, so Beneventum was already a turtle in the urn.

Therefore, Alexis said with confidence: "It is a good thing that Beneventom can surrender! However, Beneventom, as one of the initiators of this war, according to other tribes, is still the leader of this war. The main commander has caused great disaster to Dionia and its allies and must be severely punished!"

When the envoy from Beneventum heard this, he was frightened and said quickly: "Honorable General Alexis, Savoni has already punished Beneventum for his mistakes. The great leader Lesguk committed suicide last night. Apologize!"

“Lesguk is dead?!” Galni in the big tent asked in surprise.

"Yes, Chief Gairni." The messenger looked at Gairni with a sad expression and said with a choked voice: "Before the chief died, he very regretted what he had done to Abenirum. He hoped that All the faults will be borne by him alone, and I hope you can spare the tribes of Beneventum!” “Lesguk would not say such a thing.” Garni shook his head and sat down again, but he seemed to be in a good mood.

Alexis said solemnly: "Lesguk's suicide does not absolve the Beneventum people of their responsibility! Our King Davos once wrote a letter pointing out, 'There are more than ten Beneventum people. He has been malicious towards Dionia for many years, and has been maliciously suppressing and bullying Abenirum, who has friendly relations with Dionia, and is also the main culprit in provoking this war!...' Because you want only tore up the alliance, in order to avoid being provoked by your Beneventum to start another war in the future, King Daves instructed, "Beneventum must be completely integrated into the Kingdom of Dionia. Beneventum's Tribes and peoples can join the Kingdom of Dionia or move to other places in the Samonai Mountains. ' After this war is over, the mountainous areas will be vast and sparsely populated, and there will be plenty of places that can become your settlements. "

When the messenger heard this, he became angry, blushed and shouted: "Does Dionia want to use war as an excuse to take the opportunity to forcibly annex our Beneventum?! If so, we Beneventum The Tum warriors will never give in and will fight to the end! Savoni will protect us. Even if all the Dionians here are killed, they will never be able to attack the city of Beneventum!"

After the messenger roared angrily, he turned to look at Gairni and scolded: "You see, this is the ambition of the Dionians! Today it is Beneventum, and tomorrow it may be Abenirum, The Dionians probably want to wipe out the entire Samnite people, do you still want to be their accomplice?!"

Garni turned a blind eye to the envoy's words to alienate him. Alexis had already told him Davos's instructions. Of course, he was very happy with Davos's wish for him to become the leader of the Shirpini tribe. Although the most powerful Beneventum will be separated and completely become part of the Kingdom of Dionia, which is somewhat regrettable, it also means that Beneventum has suppressed Abenelu for decades. Mu's situation will no longer exist. In in the future, he will have far fewer constraints on governing the entire tribe, so he can accept this.

He responded calmly: "Abenirum has joined the Kingdom of Dionia."

The messenger was stunned.

Alexis said in a strong tone: "Our soldiers have long been prepared to storm the city of Beneventum! Whether to accept this condition or to fight to the end, Beneventum must give me an answer today. , otherwise we will start attacking the city tomorrow!"

The messenger hurriedly returned to the city, but he didn't expect that there was a commotion in the city.

It turned out that Lesguk's tribal warriors were instigated by his relatives and believed that the leader's suicide was related to other tribal leaders' fear of death and collective forced abortion. They not only imprisoned the two tribal elders involved in the matter, but also asked other tribal leaders to One must take responsibility for this and, according to tradition, be judged and punished.

The other tribal leaders certainly couldn't accept it, and the angry Lesguk tribe warriors insisted on making them pay, leading to an escalation of the conflict.

ˆ Lescuq's tribe is the largest tribe in Beneventum's territory. Other tribes can only unite to fight against it. Both sides are at war with each other and will not give in an inch.

The messenger told both parties about Dionia's harsh conditions. Although everyone finally calmed down their anger and sat together to discuss the matter, due to the lack of a leader, they argued for a long time and could not come up with a unified opinion. It was war. Or peace?
Lesguk's tribe elected his eldest son to participate in the meeting. Not only did he have a firm attitude during the meeting, he wanted to fight to the death with the Dionysian coalition, but he also continued to verbally attack other leaders who proposed further negotiations. When the meeting ended, The eyes he glared at the other leaders were full of hatred, which frightened the leaders.

Since Beneventum did not respond that day, Alexis kept his promise and sent a large army early the next morning to prepare to attack the city.

The morale of the Dionian coalition is very high and they have a strong desire to fight. After learning that the army dominated by the Lucanian reserve legion had defeated the main force of Kautini, the soldiers of the 10th and 11th legions certainly could not allow themselves to be outcompeted by the legion reserve soldiers. They had asked for battle many times. for the Abenirum warriors, capturing the city of Beneventum could finally take revenge and let them vent the oppression and humiliation they had suffered for more than ten years, so they were all extremely excited; for Potentia For the soldiers, capturing the city of Beneventum means that they no longer have to listen to the older generation talking about how terrible the Samnites are. They can proudly tell future generations that they have captured the largest town of the Samnites.

Alexis issued a siege deployment: the Potentian army attacked the east wall, the Dionian army attacked the west, and the Abenirum army attacked the south.

Alexis also placed the surrendered Shirpini warriors under the command of Garni. He could not allow the entire army to attack the city while there were some Shirpini warriors in the camp who were not sure whether they were loyal or not. Watching.

Faced with the objections of these tribes, Gairni threatened fiercely: "You once swore an oath to Lesguk. Now that Lesguk has committed suicide, naturally you no longer need to abide by this oath. Don't look for it again." Any excuse to escape this battle, I tell you, the tribes participating in this battle are allies of Dionia, and those who do not participate are enemies, you choose it yourself!"

Many people secretly cursed Gairni for pretending to be a tiger, but no tribe dared to lead their troops and leave without permission.

Garni was not polite and directly placed them at the forefront of the siege.

The Dionian coalition forces were about to attack the city, but the leaders in Beneventum city did not formulate a defense plan at all because of the inconclusive dispute yesterday. Unexpectedly, the Dionian coalition forces launched an attack at dawn. Suddenly everyone panicked, and they rushed to the city with their soldiers to defend themselves. The arrangement was hasty and chaotic.

Moreover, Beneventom is a big city, and 2,000 warriors cannot cover the entire city. Seeing the tide of enemies under the city, as well as the tall siege equipment that they have never seen before, some leaders are excited and excited. I had other thoughts.

The siege battle had just begun, and several tribes responsible for defending the southern city took the initiative to open the city gates and surrendered to the Dionian coalition.

Abenirum's army took the opportunity to rush into the city, and Beneventum's defense lines collapsed. The Lescuq tribe, which resisted until the end, had to surrender even though most of its casualties were lost and the temporary leader died in the battle.

The Dionian coalition captured Beneventum.

………………………………………… The fall of Beneventum meant that the coalition forces led by Alexis could pass through the mountain passes to the east and reach Cavutem.

The Cavutini spies who had been paying close attention to the battle in Beneventum immediately conveyed the bad news back to Cavutim.

The people of Kautim were extremely panicked because most of their young and middle-aged people were led by Segovani to resist another Dionian coalition in Abela.

A few days ago, Segovani was angry at the betrayal of the Naconians, so he ordered the Naconian leaders imprisoned in Cautim to be escorted to Abela, where they were all beheaded and their heads hung in the city. head, in order to vent his inner anger and take revenge on the Naconians.

The Naconian warriors headed by Vashonk were indeed angered, and they all asked Zantiparis to attack the city of Abela.

Xantiparis saw that the Naconians were full of fighting spirit, and through exploration, he found that Abela was not only a small city, but also had poor defense facilities (Abela was located in the hinterland of Cavoutini and had never been threatened by foreign enemies. In addition, Surrounded by mountains that are difficult to climb, the land is barren, and their survival is threatened. The Abella people are busy plundering and have no time to repair the city), so he agreed to the request of the Naconians and transferred the initial attack on Lola to After the siege equipment used in the city was loaded, the order to attack the city was issued.

The attack is based on Naconian soldiers as the main force, Dionian soldiers as auxiliary soldiers, and Campanian Allied soldiers as backup, waving flags and shouting to build momentum.

It turned out that the generals of the Campania League army saw that Cavutini's remnants had been driven out of the Campania plain and no longer posed a threat to them, so they took action to "return to their motherland and rebuild their homes quickly." "Thinking about it, they all asked Xantiparis to resign and left. In the end, even the Naples general Aialos couldn't sit still, but at least he left 1,000 Naples soldiers.

Thanks to Hualian Hongyan and S Knight Laowang for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 881 The ending of the Samnite coalition (3)The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 881 The Ending of the Samnite Alliance (3)-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui At this time, the number of troops led by Zantiparis was reduced to 7,000, but this was also three and a half times the number of soldiers led by Segovani.

For two days in a row, the Cavutini soldiers repelled the enemy's attack, but they also suffered a lot of casualties. The city of Abela was even more dilapidated. Segovani had already begun to think about retreating, and then received another attack. After hearing the bad news of "the fall of Beneventum", he abandoned the people of Abela and Thessala in the city that night and led his army to quietly withdraw to Cavutim.

The next day, the people in the city discovered that they had been abandoned by Segovani. The few remaining Abela and Cesaras soldiers decided to surrender to the coalition forces outside the city, but they were filled with hatred and suffered heavy losses. Of course, the Nian warriors were firmly opposed, and Zantiparis refused. Because following the instructions of Daves, Abella, as a small city in the eastern plain of Campania connecting Cautim and Beneventum, is too important and must be completely controlled by the Kingdom of Dionia. In In order to avoid future management troubles, Zantiparis felt that it was better to occupy it directly.

The Dionysian coalition launched an attack, and in an instant they entered the city and occupied Abela.

The Naconian warriors led the captured Cavutini warriors to the corpses of the original Naconian leaders and sacrificed their blood.

………………………………… In the east, Alexis only rested for a day in Beneventom and briefly handled some affairs in the city, that is, he asked Pollet to allocate half of his troops to garrison the city, and he personally led the other troops to march towards the city . March west, pass through the mountain road, and arrive at Kautim.

After Xantiparis captured Abella, he led his troops to march eastward without stopping, and successfully joined forces with Alexis's troops at Cavutim, with a force of nearly 30,000 people.

The garrison of Cavutim was less than 2,000 people, which caused great panic among the tribes in the city. Some leaders united and suggested to Segovani whether they could surrender to the Dionian coalition to protect the people in the city.

Segovani refused without even thinking about it.

The unwilling leaders eagerly argued with him, but unexpectedly this angry Segovani, who had become increasingly surly due to successive defeats. He arrested the leader, expelled the others, and threatened to fight with Dioni. The Asian Alliance Army fought bloody battle to the end .

This crazy move made some tribes alienate, and there were many people who went out of the city to communicate with the Dionian coalition that night.

How could Alexis miss such a good opportunity and immediately launch an attack on the city the next day.

Cavutim soon fell, and Segovani also died on the city wall. So far, the two most powerful tribes in the Samnite tribe alliance, the Shilpini, were completely conquered, and the Cavutini were mostly conquered. , the remaining Kautini towns in the north such as Capua and Calatia were unable to support themselves, and it was only a matter of time before they were conquered.

Just as the Dionian coalition forces met in Kautim, Kontruk and Badani assembled the largest force that the two tribes could muster-5,000 warriors, trying to attack the Dionian army in the east. Conduct raids.

But Cappus, who was cautious in using troops, did not continue to go deep into the mountainous area after occupying Eequium. Instead, while stabilizing the local order, he continued to send out reconnaissance teams to conduct detailed exploration of the surrounding terrain.

As a result, the movement of the Samnite army was detected, and he immediately made preparations for defense.

The raid by the two Samnite tribes eventually turned into a frontal assault, and they had to retreat after suffering some casualties.

Subsequently, news of the "falls of Beneventum and Kautim" came one after another. Kontruk and Badani were shocked and had to lead their own armies and retreat to their tribal territories to prepare for the coming Dai. Attack of the Onian Allied Forces.

………………………………… “Your Majesty, good news! Xantiparis led the army not only captured Lola, but also defeated the main force of Cavutini who came to rescue!...” Tormid hurried into the big tent, excited said loudly.

"Oh!" Davos hurriedly took the battle report. After reading it carefully, he suddenly smiled and said: "This is indeed good news! The disastrous defeat of Cavoutini, the surrender of the Naconians, and the victory of the Samnite war has been decided. ! Zantiparis has made great achievements! Is this his first time leading an army independently?"

"Yes, Your Majesty. Zantiparis was about to retire from the army. The Ministry of Military Affairs temporarily recruited him to Lucania to form a reserve army. Because the Samnite War broke out, he led the team to participate in the Battle of Campania . War..." Tormid spoke in such detail out of selfishness. He has a very good relationship with Xantiparis. They both came to Magna Graecia together back then, so he hopes that Xantiparis, who is over 60 years old, will be in the kingdom. There can still be a good development.

Of course Davos knew that Tormid and Zantiparis were better, but he didn't care about the little thoughts he was hiding. Instead, he took pictures of the battle report and said with half sigh and half regret: "Whether it's capturing Lola, Even when he defeated the main force of Cavutini, Zantiparis showed excellent military commanding abilities! He should not have been allowed to be the prosecutor of the Ministry of Military Affairs in the first place. He wasted all these years! My understanding of them is still Not enough!..."

Thormid was so interested that he didn't say anything, but he was happy for his friend in his heart.

Davos sighed for a while, and then praised loudly: "The strategic plan for Samona designated by your Ministry of Military Affairs this time is also very good! Alexis in the east, Zantiparis and Campa in the west The three armies of the Nian Allied Forces, Abernirum and Potentia in the center cooperated closely and attacked in turn. After defeating the Samnite people, Gu Dong could not take care of the west, and Gu Xi could not take care of the center. Failure was doomed. Understand!"

"Yes, Your Majesty." Clerk Henepolis also said with a smile: "As you once said, although the Samnites are hungry wolves, our Dionia is a lion. Even if the wolf bites the male lion a few times, it will not cause serious harm, but as long as the male lion gives a claw to the hungry wolf, half of its life will be gone."

"We have to be more greedy. This bad wolf will take his whole life." Davos made a joke, and then said: "Henny, go take out the map of the Samonai region and put it on it. "

Hernepolis responded. Then he went to search the bookshelves filled with various documents and materials, and Crotokatax also came to help him.

"Tormid." Davos continued: "As for the letter from the Ministry of Military Affairs saying that 'the number of troops participating in the Samnite War has increased, resulting in a shortage of military food supply,' I have thought about it. In the future, Alexis and Zanti We will provide food for the army led by Paris."

"Your Majesty, you mean... to transport military rations from Rome to Campania?" Tormid asked this just out of politeness. In fact, he was not surprised, because the food hoarded in Rome was indeed very sufficient. Not only did the army capture rations from Rome, as well as food plundered from almost all the residences of Roman nobles, but there was also food and grass collected from captured Latin and Etruscan city-states. Mu's Dionian army and the people in Rome were used for half a year.

"You lead the young people on the staff to formulate a more detailed food supply plan based on the army situation in Campania and the food and transportation situation in Rome, and then submit it to me for review, and then send it to Asistes , let him be responsible for the arrangements." Davos ordered.

“Yes, Your Majesty.” Davos touched his chin, pondered for a while, and then said: "It seems that we should also send people to ask for military rations from the Etruscan allies and the Latin allies..."

"Father, aren't Rome's grain reserves still sufficient? And the harvest will be harvested again in two months. Most of the farmland outside the cities of Rome, Viai, and Gabi has not been damaged. Now it is receiving great support from the Roman people. With good care, I believe that enough food will be harvested by then, which can not only be supplied to the armies of Latium and Campania, but also to the army of Sicily. There is no need to ask for food from the newly joined allies, so To deepen their dissatisfaction with us." Crotokatax advised with some worry.

Davos looked at him with a smile: "I'm glad that you were not idle in Rome and had a more detailed understanding of the area we occupied. That's how it should be! However, the reason why I want to send people to ask for food from these allies is It's not because we are short of food, but to solve their confusion.” “Resolve their confusion?!” Crotokatax himself was confused.

Davos smiled and patiently explained to him: "In the past, Rome fought every year and often asked these allies for food and soldiers, and they were used to it. But now these city-states have taken refuge in our Dionia, and We have been fighting alone and have never asked for any help from them. I am afraid that they will be confused and even worry about whether we will turn against them again after destroying Rome."

Crotocatax suddenly realized: "So asking for food from them is just to show them that Dionia does regard them as allies."

Davos continued: "This is just a purpose. In addition, I will ask the envoys to request food from them without making rigid regulations on the quantity. In this way, the amount of food provided by each ally can be just enough for the food. We make a rough judgment on how sincere they are towards Dionia!"

Clotocathacus mused.

Davos glanced at the map that had been placed on the table and said: "Clotho, you have just heard the news that 'Zantiparis led the army to defeat the main force of Kautini in Lola', and Alek The Sith have also reached the city of Beneventum, and Capus is attacking the Shirpini Mountains from the east... The defeat of the Samnites is only a matter of time. If you are asked to deal with the conquered Samnites What will you do with the mountainous area?"

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 882 Plan to deal with the SamnitesThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 882 The Plan to Deal with the Samnites-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Clotokatax was not surprised. He followed Davos during this period. Davos would ask him questions from time to time when dealing with government affairs. He was used to it, and it also forced him to always pay attention to the battle reports and information coming from him. Information to think about.

At this time, he walked to the table and stared at the map of Samnai and Campania, lost in thought.

By this time, everyone else in the tent had remained quiet.

Tormid looked at Clotokatax who was thinking at the table and couldn't help but sigh.

During his stay in Latium, since he often had to help Davos handle military affairs, he stayed with Davos most of the time. He had been in contact with Clotokatax for a long time. He witnessed this Dio with his own eyes. The prince of Nia went from being passionate and naive at first to being steady and thoughtful. From the beginning, officials, generals and soldiers looked at him with suspicion, and then gradually recognized him. This was due to the teachings of Davos. Fang is also inseparable from his own talents and efforts.

Judging from various signs, if nothing unexpected happens, Crotocathax is likely to be the next king of Dionia! Tormid was thinking in his mind: From now on, he should try his best to create conditions for his children to have more contact with Crotoka Tax ! At the beginning, I lacked courage and did not follow Davos to Magna Graecia from the beginning. In addition, my talents were limited, so my current status was almost over, but the next generation...

Just as Tormid was thinking about it, Crotokatax had already straightened out his thoughts and said to Davos: "Father, if we have completely defeated the Samnite tribe alliance, my opinion is... …These Cavutini towns in the eastern plains of Campania , except for Naconia, should be incorporated into Dionia, which will not only expand our territory and protect our alliance ( Referring to the Campania League), it can also deter the races in the mountains nearby.

But for these Samnite towns in the mountains, it is better to leave them to the Samnite people themselves. On the one hand, the Samoni people are unruly, and the tribes there rarely have contact with our Dionia. The cultural customs are completely different. It is very difficult to send officials to govern, and it is easy to cause conflicts, which wastes the energy and energy of the kingdom. Financial resources; on the other hand, the land in the mountainous area is barren, the environment is harsh, and the products are not abundant. I am afraid that not many Dionian citizens are willing to move to the Samonite mountainous area, so it is difficult for us to assimilate the Samonite race in the mountain in a short period of time. .

Also...the two Samnite tribes, Pentney and Karacheni, are adjacent to other races in the mountains to the north. If we forcibly annex the lands of these two tribes, I am afraid it will arouse the vigilance and hatred of other races, causing unforeseen consequences. s consequence.

So I think... we can dissolve the Samonite Tribe Alliance and allow the four Samonite tribes to become affiliated allies of the kingdom, but we must also retain the positions of the chief leaders of the major tribes, so as to avoid their strength being weakened. It can also defend against their former enemies in the north and reduce our troubles..."

ˆ Clotokatax was talking eloquently, but before Davos responded, Tormid praised: "Your Majesty, Prince Clotto is very thoughtful, and I think his suggestions are very reasonable!"

Hnipolis looked at Thormid, blinked and said nothing.

Davos showed a gratified smile and said affirmatively: "Kloteau, your proposal is very inspiring to me. The Samoni Tribal Alliance should indeed be disbanded. The complete annexation of the Samoni Mountains may not be possible from now on." It is not the time yet, so it seems necessary to retain the original political structures of several tribes and allow the existence of big leaders to facilitate the kingdom's control over them..."

Crotokatax was excited by Davos's agreement with his suggestion.

"But -" Davos changed the subject, looked at him, and said seriously: "You were not careful enough when considering the problem, and your handling of the Samoni people was relatively rough. The situations of the four major tribes are different, and you are not careful enough. The way they are disposed of should also be different.

Silpini, as the largest tribe in Samonai, is also the tribe with the most borders on the kingdom's territory. Although its territories are all in the mountains, we cannot be too indulgent. Beneventum must be incorporated into the kingdom. This is a rare fertile lowland in the Samnite Mountains, and the area is not small. I think the pre-citizens and free people of the kingdom are willing to settle there. And its location is also very important, right in the center of the territories of Shirpini and Cavutini , next to Abenirum and Cavutim. With it, we have a stable mountainous area of ​​​​​​Samnai. Cornerstone of the South.

In addition, Abenirum has always been friendly to the kingdom, contributed a lot in this war, and has become a free city of the kingdom. We should reward it and allow Gairni to serve as the general of Sirpini. The leader controls other Shirpini tribes and territories except Bereventum, making it the second Potentia of the kingdom, giving it the power to compete with the Penteni and Karacheni in the northern part of the mountainous area., ensuring the security of the northern part of the kingdom.

Chautini, this tribe is quite special. Its territory is either the eastern plains of Campania or the lowlands in the valleys, which are actually very suitable for the people of the kingdom to settle. You just said it right. The towns of Cavutini on the eastern plains of Campania should be merged into Dionia, but this appetite is not big enough. Now that Beneventum is ready to be included in the kingdom's territory, Then Cavutim to the west of it and its surrounding subsidiary towns should also be included in our annexation plan, because only in this way can the connection between Beneventum and the eastern plains of Campania be guaranteed. So that it will not be left alone outside the kingdom's territory.

Don't forget about Naconia. The people in this territory have been in contact with the kingdom for more than ten years, and they finally joined our side. Logically, we should guarantee their territory. But Naconia's position is more important . Previously, the Samnites attacked the Campanian League and captured Pompeii, Herculaneum and other city-states. Now Zantiparis has recovered Pompeii and Herculane. Nimes, so far, the Campania League has not asked us to return these two small cities. It is said that the Campania League suffered heavy casualties in this war and did not have enough manpower to cultivate these lands. My opinion I sent envoys to negotiate with the Campania Alliance to incorporate these two small cities into Dionia——"

Hernepolis's eyes lit up and he interjected: "In this way, Bereventum, Cavutim, the original Cavutini town in the eastern plain of Campania, Pompeii, Herculane Nim can be connected to the Kingdom's Enona City, but...Naconia has become an obstacle..."

Davos said confidently: "We can negotiate with the Naconians and let them move to the north of Capua, where there is the Volturno River and the land is more fertile. We can allow them to own more than they currently have." more territory in Naconia, and at the same time allowed them to elect the great chief of Kautini to rule over the northernmost areas of the original Kautini territory adjacent to Sidi Sini, Olonchi, and Penteni. The Kautini tribe, I believe they will be willing to allow us to completely occupy the land in the central and southern parts of Kautini, and connect it with Enona, completely ensuring the security of our newly occupied land.

For the Pentney and Karacheni tribes, their tribal settlements and towns are in the mountains to the north of Samonai, where the mountains are higher and the roads are more difficult to walk. Especially the Karacheni tribe, it is said that their settlements are in mountains thousands of meters high, so their land is more barren and their population is not large. We do not need to occupy their land, but they must surrender to the kingdom. The leaders of their tribes must hand over their children and send them to Thurii as hostages. The leader they elect must be confirmed by the kingdom before they can serve as …” After listening to Davos's plan to deal with the Samonite tribal alliance, Clotokatax said with conviction: "Father, your plan is much better than mine! It is indeed better than mine." I think carefully!..."

"That's because you are too kind to the Samonai tribe, and when you consider the problem, you do not consider it from the standpoint of obtaining greater benefits for the kingdom, weakening our enemies to the greatest extent, and making them unable to rebel. "Davos pointed out pointedly.

“Father, but——” Clotokatax asked: “Silpini and Cavutini can accept your plan, but Pentney and Karacheni may not accept it.” "Then continue fighting until they accept it. Just leave this matter to Alexis and Xantiparis. Since the war with the Samnites has already started, let's use this war, even if it costs more. We must completely solve the problem of the Samnites to prevent them from rebelling in the future!" Daves warned him earnestly.

Chlotokatax nodded thoughtfully.

Davos turned back and said: "Herni, did you hear clearly what I just said about the plan to deal with the four major Samnite tribes?"

“You hear me clearly, Your Majesty.” "Then write a letter to the Senate according to what I just said, asking them to pre-arrange Samnite affairs on this basis. Then write the same letter to Alexis and Xantiparis each A letter gives them a sense of certainty and how to adjust their strategy next.” "Understood, Your Majesty, I will write it now." Henepolis said and took out the papyrus.

Clotokatax and Tormid were still immersed in Davos's series of plans to deal with the Samnites, thinking about what impact it would have on the Samnites. It became quiet inside, so the "rustling" sound of writing could be heard.

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 883 Special Arrangements for the Third FleetThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 883 Special Arrangements for the Third Fleet-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Only a while later, Hernepolis wrote the letter to the Senate and gave it to Davos.

After reading it, Davos was satisfied. Without changing a word, he signed his name at the end, stamped it, and returned it to Henepolis: "Send to the Senate in accordance with the highest level of confidentiality."

“Yes, Your Majesty.” Henipolis immediately rolled up the letter skillfully, tied the two ends and the middle of the roll with three red ropes, and then continued to write the second letter.

At this time, Martius, the captain of the palace guard, walked into the big tent: "Your Majesty, Midorades, the naval commander of the Third Fleet, is waiting for your summons outside the tent."

“Oh, Midorades is here.” Davos hurriedly waved and said, “Let him come in quickly.” After entering the tent, Midorades first performed a military salute, and then said loudly: "Your Majesty, I am late to come back."

“You came at the right time!” Davos said with a pun: “Your fleet and fleet infantry are about to be put to great use!” When Midorades heard this, he became excited. As soon as he led the fleet back to Latium, he had already heard that during the short period of his absence, the army led by King Davos, centered on Rome, went north to conquer Viai and Caislera; He conquered Fidenae and Crustaium to the east; he captured Gabi to the south, and forced many Latin city-states to surrender. He drove the Roman army to these small cities near the sea to the west, and was intensifying its attack on them. Siege...

These news gave him a bad feeling that the Third Fleet was outside this war and completely irrelevant, so when he heard Davos's words, he immediately brightened up.

“Have you recruited all your fleet infantry?” Davos asked.

"Everyone has been recruited, but..." Midorades said cautiously: "As soon as the recruitment order was issued, not only Trina, but also the citizens of towns such as Siliting and Hibernian actively I rushed to the naval base , signed up enthusiastically, and found many acquaintances to intercede... so... so I recruited 2,000 more people..."

ˆ Davos looked at him seriously.

Methodorad suddenly felt nervous.

Davos said slowly: "The more recruits, the more recruits will be needed. However, including the newly added fleet infantry establishment this time, the total fleet infantry establishment of the Third Fleet should be 4,000. This is already an exception made by the Ministry of Military Affairs. More Those who come out must be disbanded after the war, remember this will not happen again!"

Midorades hurriedly expressed his position: "Your Majesty, please rest assured that as soon as the war is over, I will immediately disband all the extra fleet soldiers!"

Davos smiled slightly: "You... you are competing with the Sixth Army for troops. Be careful that Trotilus (the commander of the Sixth Army) knows about it and will fight you to the death!"

When Midorades heard the joke made by Davos, he finally breathed a sigh of relief and said jokingly: "In order to calm down Trotilas, I will hold a few more banquets for him and get him drunk. ." The military camp of the Sixth Army is to the west of Silitium, and the naval base of the Third Fleet is in the bay near Trina. The two are not far apart, and they often have frequent exchanges. Midorades and Trotilas The relationship with him is not bad, so he is not worried that the other party will blame him.

"Midolades." Tormid suddenly said: "The current establishment of the fleet infantry of the Third Fleet is 4,000 people. We will prepare rations and other material supplements for your subordinate fleet infantry according to this establishment. The extra With 2,000 people , you have to figure it out on your own.” What?! Midorades thought Tormid was joking, but when he saw his serious face, he didn't know what to say. After all, when he recruited soldiers this time, he did have selfish motives. Thormid was accepting this. After receiving a hint from Davos, Midorades was given a small warning.

But for Midorades, it was simply impossible for him to come up with the baggage to supply 2,000 people. He could only look at Davos for help.

ˆ Davos took advantage of the situation and took over the conversation, and said seriously: "If you want to provide for the two thousand extra people you have, then you can only do your best to complete the next task given to you."

“Your Majesty, my brothers in the Third Fleet and I are fully prepared, and no matter how difficult the task is, we will successfully complete it!” Midorades immediately expressed his position loudly.

Since Henepolis was writing a letter, Crotocataxus took over his job. He knew Davos's plan, so he found the map from the bookshelf and spread it out on the table.

ˆ Davos led Midorades to the table.

Medorades looked down: before him was a map of Corsica and Sardinia.

“How much do you know about Corsica?” Davers asked.

Midorades had already made a calculation in his mind. He thought about it carefully and then said: "Corsica is called a giant mountain in the sea by sailors. The island is almost entirely made up of towering mountains and is not suitable for living at all. There are only two small coastal flats on the east side of the island, with two towns built on them. The northern town Mariana belongs to the Etruscans, and the southern town Alenia belongs to the Philippines. Nike. In addition, there are some small Phoenician villages on the west coast. However, the offshore reefs on the west coast are densely covered with rocks and the coast is tortuous. It will be more difficult for warships to land... Your Majesty, you want the third fleet to attack Kota Kinabalu. Signia?” Davos nodded, looked at the map and said: "To be precise, let the third fleet attack the Phoenician towns and settlements on Corsica. The reason why Carthage can become the most prosperous and prosperous in the Western Mediterranean The richest city-state, the most important reason is that it controls most of the precious metal resources and trade in the entire Western Mediterranean, including the Iberian Peninsula, Gaul, Etruria, Sardinia and Corsi. Carthage, especially Sardinia and Corsica, is completely controlled by Carthage. Since Carthage dares to declare war on our Dionia, then we will destroy this important source of trade one by one. Its treasury is no longer full and cannot support a long-term war with us.

Hence, the next first attack goal of the Third Fleet is to destroy all Phoenician settlements on Corsica. Don't underestimate the small size and population of these settlements, but the silver, iron, copper and other metal minerals on Corsica were excavated, smelted, manufactured and finally transported to Carthage through them. The entire west coast The Phoenician settlements have formed a complete metal smelting system among themselves. So your third fleet is going to occupy these settlements and capture all the Phoenicians..."

“Also, try not to damage the Phoenician metal mines and smelting facilities!” Davers emphasized.

After hearing this, Midorades immediately said solemnly: "Your Majesty, the Third Fleet will overcome all difficulties and complete this mission."

“Not only must it be completed, but it must be completed as soon as possible! Of course, we must also be careful of attacks from Carthage's warships stationed in Sardinia and Corsica. Don't be careless!” "Yes!" Davos's stern words made Midorades feel shocked. As the naval commander responsible for defending the west coast of Dionia, he certainly had some knowledge of the situation in Sardinia and Corsica to the west of the west coast. A more detailed understanding: Before the war, Carthage stationed no more than 30 tri-propeller warships on these two islands, and they were mainly scattered in several towns and ports in Sardinia. It may be precisely because of its excessive strength. Weak, during the Dionian army's expedition to Rome, they did not come out to cause trouble, so Midorades did not take them to heart, but Daves' warning forced him to pay attention.

Davos pressed the icon of Alenia on the map with his hand and asked again: "Although Alenia is a Phoenician town, do you feel that this name does not match Phoenicia or Carcass?" The Taiki custom of naming towns?” "Could it have been a town belonging to the Greeks?" Midorades repeatedly chanted the name of the town silently, and then asked a question with a slight surprise. In fact, this was just an expression deliberately displayed to respond to Davos, As a Dionian general who traveled across the sea, he didn't care about the past history of this town.

"You are right, but Alenia was not just a Greek city-state. Logically speaking, it should be a town belonging to Dionia!" Henipolis interjected, and he had already finished writing to The letter between Alexis and Xantiparis happened to hear this conversation, and the disciple of the historian Ansitanus immediately became interested in being a teacher.

“Alenia should belong to Dionia?!” Midorades was really surprised now.

“During the great colonial era, we Greeks colonized the Western Mediterranean, not only establishing Agrigento and Syracuse in Sicily; we established Tarantum and Sybari in Magna Graecia; we also established in Gaul Masseria was established; Naples and Cumae were established in Campania; Alenia was also established on the island of Corsica...

But the Etruscans, the masters of northern Italy at that time, were frightened by the surging Greeks. They may have thought that if they did not stop the crazy colonial behavior of the Greeks, the Etruscans would probably be in the same position as our Greeks. Surrounded by the colonial city. As a result, they united with Carthage, which had already established a foothold in Sardinia, and went to war with the Greek city-states of Alenia, Masselia, and Campania.

The most important battle was a naval battle that took place near Alenia. As a result, the Greeks suffered a disastrous defeat. Not only did Alenia be captured by the Carthaginians, but they also did not dare to colonize northern Italy for hundreds of years. …” Hinepolis was talking incessantly. Not only Midorades was listening carefully, but Thormedes and Clotocathax were also listening with interest.

Thanks to Miyu Qingfeng and Sniper No. 11 for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 884 The siege of the remaining Roman armyThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 884 The Siege of the Remnants of Rome-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui But after listening, Midorades was still confused: "It is regrettable that the Greeks were defeated in the end, but what does this have to do with us Dionia?"

Henepolis, who had deliberately betrayed himself before, laughed and said: "Because some Alenians fled to Italy and established Aelia with other Greek colonists. This history is engraved in Apollo in Aelia. On the stone tablet in the temple. The Elians are now citizens of Dionia, so the Alenia they once established should also belong to Dionia!"

Henepolis's explanation was somewhat unreasonable, but Midorades took it for granted. He immediately expressed his position: "The Third Fleet will recapture Alenia from Carthage and wash away the Greeks' past mistakes." Shame!"

Davos was satisfied with his statement and further encouraged: "Go back and tell the crew of the Third Fleet that recapturing Alenia will not only hit the Carthaginians greatly, but also encourage the Greek city-states in the Western Mediterranean. , deepen the friendly relationship with Masselia, and become the hero praised in their hearts!
And as far as I know, Alenia has a large-scale port with complete facilities. It is a military port and a commercial port combined into one. It can be used as a docking place for all the warships of the Third Fleet, which can avoid you from traveling back and forth. bitter. After taking Alenia, the Third Fleet can use it as a base to harass Sardinia, which is next to Corsica, attack the mining teams on the island, destroy their towns and villages, and attack their cargo ships…” Midorades said emotionally: "Your Majesty, please don't worry, I will make it impossible for the Phoenicians on these two islands to transport a piece of metal!"

Davos saw that Midorades was too excited and couldn't help but remind him: "Now I can't spare any troops to support you. The mission of attacking Corsica and Sardinia can only rely on the Third Fleet itself. " , so you have to be bold but also cautious at the same time, cherish your soldiers, and don't let them suffer too many casualties, which will make subsequent plans impossible to carry out!"

Davos' words made Medorad suddenly feel more pressure.

At this time, Crotocatacus asked: "Father, will our military action on Corsica make the Etruscans dissatisfied and have other ideas?"

In fact, Crotokatax had discussed this issue with Davos in private before, and raising it at this time was just a subtle reminder to Davos.

Davos secretly praised his son's attentiveness and consideration, and then said sternly: "Don't worry about this. Although the Etruscans often have trade relations with Carthage, they are no longer allies, and because of Carthage 39;s powerful We are dissatisfied with supporting Rome, not to mention that the Etruscan city-states in the south have just formed an alliance with us..."

Then, Davos looked at Midorades again: "However, try not to let your warships appear on the sea belonging to the Corsican land controlled by the Etruscans, and do not let soldiers enter their territory." Territory to avoid excessive stimulation. We are originally afraid of our powerful Etruscans...Other than that, I have no other requirements. How to attack Corsica and Sardinia is up to you. I Don't interfere."

Davos said this, which made Midorades feel more pressure. He took a deep breath and said: "Yes... yes, Your Majesty!"

Thormid looked at Midorades's leaving figure and couldn't help but said: "He is a little nervous."

"It's a good thing to be nervous, so that he will be cautious when taking actions. Even if the third fleet does not achieve any decent results, as long as the fleet hangs around these two islands, it will cause a lot of trouble to the Carthaginians. What I'm afraid of is that Midorades is overconfident, loses vigilance, and takes risky actions, causing heavy losses to the Third Fleet and weakening our advantage, just like... Alas!" Davos's words stopped suddenly, and then he said seriously He sighed.

Tormid knew that Davos must have thought of Sekerian and the Sicilian fleet again.

At this time, Martius walked into the big tent again: "Your Majesty, the commander of the Martonis army sent a messenger to report that Aricia has surrendered!"

Davos had a smile on his face: "Hades bless you, there is so much good news today!"

No wonder he was so happy. Aresia is not far from Tustron, just west of Lake Alba Longa. It is a very ancient Latin city-state. It has been the center of the western Latin region since ancient times, especially in Alba Longa. After the destruction of Balonga. It can be seen from its name that this Latin city-state has a very close relationship with Diana Aresia, the hunting goddess worshiped by the Latins. It is for this reason that it once united with the Latin city- states in the west to tenaciously resist the rise of the Rome, but after many defeats, it had to join the Latin League led by the Romans.

After Davos personally led the army out of Rome, he first stationed himself outside Tustron (the original Roman camp) and divided his forces to attack several Latin city-states not far to the west of Tustron, with the focus being Aresia. Under the coercion of the army, other city-states surrendered one after another. Only the proud Aresians refused to surrender to Dionia. So Davers ordered: Martonis led the second and sixth legions to attack Aresia.

Several days of continuous attacks finally bore fruit.

When Davos's smile disappeared in the blink of an eye, he was followed by a stern tone: "If it were not for the feelings of the Roman civilians, Latin city-states like Aresia that dared to resist us should have suffered like Gabi. But even if it surrenders, you can't let it go lightly! Herni, go and notify Tapirus and ask him to talk to the Aresians immediately. Since Aressia is the sacred grove of the goddess of hunting, I can make Aresia a holy place worshiped by all Latins, replacing Alba Longa. But from now on, Aresia is not allowed to build walls, form armies, have a population of not more than 5,000, and is open to everyone. Open, and its safety is guaranteed by Dionia..."

"Understood, Your Majesty. Well...it is said that because of this Diana, Aresia is also a famous medical center in the Latin region..." Henipolis reminded.

Davos curled up his lips slightly: "Can Aresia's medical skills be comparable to Dionia's? I think this responsibility should be handed over to Hades!"

"Your Majesty, it is a good thing that Aresia surrendered, but it is a pity that it failed to lure out the Roman army!" Tormid said with some regret.

Davos smiled slightly and said nonchalantly: "The Romans have been fooled once, so they will naturally become more cautious. Now their main force is still stationed in Satnicum, and it seems that they are ready to defend it to the death. This It is also a good thing that without the support of the Romans, Aresia also surrendered, and other Latin city-states in the west will soon make their choices."

At this point, Davos's eyes became sharp, and he said firmly: "Tormid, you go and inform the whole army to be ready. Leave Tustron tomorrow and march southwest to Satni. Build a camp north of Qom, it's time to completely deal with the Romans!” Davos's words excited everyone in the big tent.

"Yes, I will notify the legions right away!" Tormid responded excitedly.

"Also... before we sent envoys to these Latin city-states to persuade them to surrender, Adi had the most determined attitude and beat our envoys severely..." Davos said in a cold tone.

"It is said that the Roman dictator Camillus lived in Adi for a long time and received strong support from Adi in the battle to expel the Gauls. Therefore, Camillus had a close relationship with Adi. Camillus The Roman Senate often gives Adi a lot of care, so it is not surprising that the Adi people do this. But then, for the survival of their own city-state, the Adi people may have to give up their support for Camillus." Henibo Rhys reassured.

"Since the burning of Ostia, Addi will be very important for our attack on the main Roman force entrenched at Satnicum, because it is not far from Antium and not too far from the camp we are going to build, and it is It also has a large port..." Davos squinted his eyes, with light shining in the slits of his eyes: "We need to completely control this town to transfer and transport the army's food supplies, so we cannot accept Adi's surrender. But to completely capture it!” ………………………………… Outside the city of Satnicum, thousands of Roman citizens were working tirelessly to build defensive facilities, reinforcing the city walls, setting up deer villages under the city walls, digging trenches wide and deep, setting up multi-layered traps, and setting up multiple layers of traps between the traps. A sentry tower, expanding the entire defense range outwards... The entire city defense model is very similar to the defensive camps usually built by the Dionysian army.

Because the person who undertook this task was Titus, who first commanded the army to attack Ostia. He deeply realized the power of Dionia's defense system from his failure, so he transplanted it after making slight changes. .

At this moment, he was standing on the top of the city supervising the progress of the entire project. Although he saw that the entire defense facility was gradually taking shape due to the efforts of sweaty soldiers, there was no trace of joy on his face, but a look of depression.

“General, Lord Quintus is here.” His subordinates reminded him in a low voice beside him.

Hearing this, Titus turned around and glanced at Quintus, who was walking up the stone stairs to the city. The annoyance on his face flashed away.

“Hey, Titus!” Looking at Quintus walking towards him, Titus' face showed no enthusiasm: “When did you come back? Have all the defense facilities in Antium been completed?!” There was a hint of questioning in Titus' tone. Although Quintus was a little unhappy, he still explained: "Antium only has more than 3,000 citizen soldiers. Pantius' foot injury has basically healed. He One person can complete this task, but me being there would be a hindrance, so I came back yesterday.” (End of this chapter)

Chapter 885 Hidden worriesThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 885 Hidden Worries-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui "Does the dictator know about your return?" Titus was obviously a little dissatisfied with Quintus's arbitrary assertion, so he asked in a questioning tone.

"I really wanted to report to the dictator, but he seemed to be in poor health. Lucius didn't let me come in to disturb him." Quintus showed a look of disdain on his face and said with emphasis: "Titus, This is very worrying! Can Camillus still command the army well and lead us to defeat the powerful Dionians and retake Rome?!"

"As long as the dictator is still alive, he will be the commander-in-chief of our entire army!" Titus said firmly.

Quintus became a little anxious and blurted out: "Is Camillus really worthy of your trust?! Since we returned from Herniki, the recapture of Rome has been blocked! The recapture of Ostia failed! The rescue of Gabi was narrowly avoided! After that , there were turtles here, watching Tustron, Aresia... One by one, the allies turned their backs on us, but did not take any action! Now the Dionian army is almost approaching the city, and we have already There is no way to escape, isn't it Camillus's fault!"

ˆˆQuintus's voice was so loud that everyone around him heard it and began to whisper.

Titus immediately felt angry and spoke less politely: "Quintus, you and I are both experienced combatants. We should know that from the invasion of the Dionians to the present, the dictator has not commanded the battle and has not failed. If anything goes wrong, I wouldn't be able to do better if I replaced you! What's more, in the current predicament, only a dictator can unify the entire army and stabilize morale! And we must unite together to be able to resist The Dionian attack brings hope of victory! Therefore, any attempt to create chaos is absolutely not allowed!" Titus looked directly at Quintus with a pair of sharp eyes.

Quintus's face changed slightly, and he understood that Titus was warning him.

During this period, Quintus was dissatisfied with Camillus's conservative strategy and privately persuaded Aulus and Servius to put pressure on Camillus to change his combat strategy. As a result, Camillus, who got the news, transferred him to Antium in advance to ensure the unity of the army. The reason why Quintus violated military orders and returned privately was because he was certain that Camillus did not dare to punish him. When he came back, he first targeted Titus for persuasion because of Titus's prestige among the soldiers. Very tall, he can be regarded as the second-ranking figure in this army. With the support of Titus, he can force Camillus to make concessions and even gain command of the army.

But before Quintus could fully express his meaning, the shrewd Titus had already made his position clear and blocked Quintus' mouth.

At this time, Quintus felt anxious in his heart, but had nowhere to vent, and hit the battlements heavily with his right fist: If it weren't for the fall of Rome, the news was cut off, and the senators didn& #39;t know whether they were alive or dead, so they couldn't play a role. Otherwise, he would have been able to rely on him. Due to his noble status as the leader of the Dius clan, he had already accused Camillus of "passively avoiding war", thereby depriving him of his command authority. But without the support of the Senate, his prestige in the army is not high. Except for citizens and diners belonging to the Claudius clan, I am afraid that no other citizen soldiers are willing to obey the command. Otherwise, how could he be humiliated here? How angry is this little nobleman Titus!
“Unity?!” Quintus sneered: “You are willing to accept the command of Camillus, who has lost his courage, and watch Rome slowly disappear, but I will not! Absolutely not!” ˆ˜Quintus's angry roar left the surroundings silent.

Titus watched him striding away with a layer of worry in his heart. As the actual commander of these battles with the Dionian army, he knew very well that Camillus did not want to adopt a more proactive strategy during this period, but even if the Dionians were in an offensive state, they did not Relax your vigilance, not only are there Dionian reconnaissance cavalry cruising around Satnicum, but there are always tens of thousands of troops guarding the flanks of the siege troops. In order to avoid falling into the trap of the Gabi War again, Camillus had to resort to forbearance in order to preserve his limited strength and wait for a turnaround.

But will a turnaround really come? Titus looked at the sweating soldiers in front of the city, thinking of the powerful Dionysian army and their terrible king, and his eyes became a little more confused...

………………………………………… In the city of Satnicum, Servius found Licinius, who had become an alderman.

Licinius had been questioned by the generals headed by Quintus because of his civilian status, and he almost lost the power to command the soldiers in combat. But after returning to Satnicum, precisely because of his civilian background, the dictator Camillus appointed him as the alderman of Satnicum, because Satnicum was a newly established Roman colonial city. , the people in the city are mainly Roman civilians who have migrated. Now that the army has been stationed for a long time, and most of the soldiers are citizens of Roman clans, conflicts will inevitably occur and lead to dissatisfaction among the people of Satnicum. Licinius not only acts steadily, and his prestige among Roman civilians can also make the people of Satnicum obey better.

This appointment of Camillus was obviously well thought out, and from the moment the army was stationed, even though the Dionysian army was approaching, the city of Satnicum has remained stable. It can be seen that Licinius played a key role in it. play a role.

Licinius and Servius were relatives. Licinius's son Stolo took the youngest daughter of Ambustus as his wife, and Servius married Ambustus's daughter. The eldest daughter is his wife, and both parties are brothers-in-law. But the relationship between the two parties is not very good, and there is little contact between them. Because Servius was a noble, arrogant, flamboyant, and contemptuous of the common people, he had the same interests as Quintus. When Quintus questioned Camillus 39;s battle plan, he clearly supported him. In the end, Camillus Quintus was sent to Antium, and Servius was put in charge of the wounded camp in the city, quietly depriving him of his right to lead troops.

“Licinius, I hope to get your help.” Servius said straightforwardly.

"Please tell me what you need me to do." Licinius said politely, but he was a little dissatisfied: Is this the tone of asking for help? !

Servius obviously did not have the habit of observing other people's faces. He complained loudly: "The dictator asked me to manage the wounded soldiers camp, but it was not only a wounded soldiers camp, it was simply hell! Nearly 3,000 seriously injured soldiers were crowded in a small In the square, not only was the ground covered with blood, groans were constantly heard, and the stench was overwhelming, but one-third of the people had no tents to cover them, and flies and mosquitoes were flying everywhere. It was very disgusting! It rained heavily the day before yesterday, and as a result, some wounded soldiers were injured He was caught in the rain and died of fever..."

Servius looked sad: "These are Roman warriors! They fought bravely for Rome. How can we abandon them easily? Mars will punish us! So I hope you can spare some time for these wounded soldiers." Build some houses and send more manpower so that they can get better placement and better care!..."

Seeing Servius' pitiful look, Licinius just wanted to feel sick. He clearly remembered: when Camillus appointed Servius to manage the wounded camp, the noble general was secretly He became angry and even jumped up and cursed, saying things like "I will never care about those dead people!..." Later, after everyone's persuasion, he reluctantly accepted the appointment. As far as he knew, he rarely inspected and managed the wounded barracks these days. Now he actually thought of playing nice? !
Licinius looked embarrassed and sighed: "You are right. These Roman warriors should indeed be well taken care of, but it may be difficult to free up houses for them..."

Hearing this, Servius's face darkened.

Licinius seemed to have not seen him, and continued: "Well... you also know that I have spent a lot of effort to place our more than 13,000 troops in the city! The entire residential area in the west of the city The residents have all been moved out to accommodate the troops, but they can only live together with the residents of other urban areas. The people in the city have expressed dissatisfaction with this, and we have finally calmed them down. If we have to provide housing for the wounded soldiers now They are looking for new accommodation, and I am afraid that many residents in the city will have to relocate again. This will inevitably arouse the anger of the people and cause unrest in the city! In the face of an emergency situation that is about to fight the Dionians, it is best to stay in the city Stability of order!” Servius immediately straightened his face and loudly accused: "Licinius, for the benefit of the civilians, you completely disregarded the life and death of the wounded soldiers, and you couldn't bear to let our warriors wail in the wind and rain. If you want to die, are you worthy of being a Roman general?"

Licinius was furious when he was accused in public. He knew that if he did not fight back and allowed these words to reach the ears of the soldiers, it would inevitably lead to resentment among the soldiers, so he immediately said sharply: "Servius Si, since you took over the wounded barracks, have you inspected the wounded barracks! Have you consoled the wounded soldiers who are groaning in pain! Have you directed your men to build more tents to improve their living environment!... You keep saying that Saying that you are doing it entirely for the benefit of the wounded soldiers is just a lie! The real fact is that - due to your negligence, the camp for wounded soldiers was not well repaired, resulting in heavy rain and the death of some wounded soldiers! You should be held responsible for this Have important responsibilities!..."

"You...you!..." Servius did receive some criticism because of the heavy rain, and after Quintus came back, he also reminded him to take good care of the wounded soldiers. After all, the huge number of wounded soldiers and the army's Soldiers are more or less related to each other, and taking good care of them will naturally win military morale.

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 886 Landing in Sicily (1)The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 886 Landing in Sicily (1)-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Therefore, Servius rushed to find Licinius, partly to remedy the situation, and partly to shirk the blame. However, he did not expect that Licinius would not spare any mercy and would accuse him of his mistakes in public. Listing them out one by one , this made Servius extremely angry, but he couldn't find any reason to refute. His face turned red, and he finally yelled: "You despicable civilians! Most of the civilians in the army fled and surrendered. Dionians, are you still here to be a spy? The dictator should have arrested you long ago! You civilians are not trustworthy at all!..."

As soon as this statement came out, the people around him were in an uproar.

Servius saw that the situation was not good and immediately left quickly.

“Damn it!” Licinius stared at Servius's leaving figure, his expression gloomy and terrifying.

………………………………………… The more than ten-mile stretch of coast from Carthage to Utica has now turned into a huge military camp. Thousands of citizens from Carthage and Phoenician city-states, and indigenous people from the Iberian Peninsula, nomads from Numbia, and even indigenous people from Mauritania and Gaul gradually gathered here. Races with different appearances wore various costumes and spoke completely different words. It was very lively, as if this place had become a the center of the entire Mediterranean world.

But for the senators of the Carthage Senate, this huge military camp next to the city of Carthage is a potentially terrible threat: multiple races gather here, and due to language barriers, poor communication, and customs and habits Different people have different interests and needs , and conflicts occur every day. Carthaginian and Phoenician people living outside the city also go to the Senate to complain from time to time and are harassed by the indigenous people. Fortunately, Mago led his generals around and settled many disputes. In addition, every day such a large army stays here will consume a lot of food and wages...

Therefore, the senators wanted to send this terrible army to Sicily immediately to harm the Dionians, so they sent people every day to urge Mago to lead the army to land in Sicily as soon as possible.

For Mago, he didn't want to land in Sicily as soon as possible. After all, he was busy resolving these disputes every day, which also gave him a headache. In the long run, if these unruly mercenaries ruined the image of the Magonides family among the people of Carthage, it would be more than worth the loss. However, since the Carthage fleet was destroyed by the storm, new warships are still under construction, and Dionia's warships often cruise in the waters of western Sicily, attacking merchant ships from Carthage and its allies heading to Sicily, threatening The sea route between Carthage and Sicily was connected, so without the protection of the fleet, how could Mago dare to let the soldiers take cargo ships, cross the ocean , and land in Sicily.

The African coast, which had always been sunny and hot, finally started to rain continuously on this day, and there was also a strong sea breeze. The temperature finally dropped. The soldiers who had been enduring the scorching heat ran out of their tents one after another, enjoying this rare opportunity. It was so cool that even the natives from Iberia took off their clothes one after another, washed their whole bodies with the rain, and yelled excitedly. Their sturdy bodies and ferocious looks made no one dare to cast a shadow on them. A look of contempt.

At this time, Mago also walked out of the Chinese army's tent. He looked at the big flag standing in front of the tent and was in a daze: blown by the sea breeze, the flag was fluttering toward the northeast.

At this time, Annobas came towards me.

During the battle with the Dionian fleet, the storm also destroyed the two-headed dragon ship on which the Carthaginian naval commander was riding. He was pushed to the coast of Mazara by the rough waves and was finally rescued. But he was soon ordered to return to Carthage to be questioned by the Senate, who wanted to hold him accountable for causing the annihilation of the Carthaginian fleet.

Fortunately, Hanno secretly instigated Taipan Laco, Okriton and other senators to excuse him, claiming that the Dionian fleet had more warships and was more powerful. Although Annobas caused heavy losses to his own warships, But he also used the storm to destroy the opponent 39;s fleet and ensure the safety of Carthage and the western waters of Sicily. His merits outweighed his faults! … Therefore, instead of being punished, he continued to serve as the commander of the Carthaginian navy, but now he was in name only.

Of course, this resolution of the Carthage Senate occurred within a few days after the naval battle. If it were now, the senators would never easily spare Annobas. After all, the Dionian warships continued to attack Carthage. The show of force in the western Sicilian waters that Carthage once controlled caused heavy damage to Carthage's maritime trade, making Annobas' previous statement that "the Dionian fleet was also completely destroyed" become a lie.

Therefore, the Senate and Mago later reached a consensus: Annobas and the Carthaginian fleet led by Mago would be under the direct command of Mago. This was originally in line with Hanno's "Army under Mago's command and the navy under Mago's command." The proposal of "Commander Nobas" is very different, which shows the anger of the Carthaginian people towards Annobas.

“Lord Mago!” Annobas walked closer and saluted respectfully. The huge criticism and accusations he received during this period made him cautious.

“What did the Tyrians say?” Mago asked directly.

"The Tyrians...refuse to provide escort for our landing fleet..." Annobas said softly: "They also said...they will not accept our command and will decide the timing and sea areas of their own attack ..."

"We in Carthage have worked hard for decades to transport gold and silver to them so that they can live comfortably under Persian rule, but what we got in return was this answer! They brought warships to the Western Mediterranean just to Are you just trying to show off! What use does such a motherland have to us!..."

Marco got angry, and Annobus stood aside quietly and listened.

“Does Hanno know about this?” Mago suddenly asked.

“I have informed the Senate, and the Senate has asked Lord Hanno to send people to negotiate with the Tyrians...” Annobas answered carefully.

"It seems that the Phoenician combined fleet cannot be counted on for the time being!" Mago's face did not show frustration. He had obviously obtained the information in advance and expected such a result, so he glanced at Anno Bass glanced at him and said, "I called you here to tell you that I have decided to lead my army to land in Sicily tomorrow!"

“Tomorrow?!” Annobas was really startled, and he looked at Mago with wide eyes.

Mago also looked at Annobas, with an unusually determined expression. Then he raised his head and pointed at the flag flying in front: "Did you see it, Southwest Wind! I asked many people in Carthage and Utica Experienced old sailors, they are all unanimously sure that the same wind will blow and the same rain will fall tomorrow! The clippers I sent out to detect the enemy's situation and the merchant ships returning to the port both told me that Dionysius was not found on the route today. If there are traces of the Asian warships, then there is a high chance that they will not show up tomorrow!” "But... if the weather is still like this tomorrow, the sea will be very windy and rough, which will cause great difficulties for landing! What's more, the weather at sea is unpredictable. If we encounter it again..." Annobas stopped talking. But the fear on his face made it clear what he was trying to say.

"Storm." Mago softly spat out the word Annobas wanted to say, and then said resolutely: "Since you think so, the Dionians must also have such fear, so they If no warships were sent today, they will definitely be huddled in the port tomorrow. This is a good opportunity for us to land! Without the help of the Tyrians, our army can also be more powerful without the threat of the Dionian fleet. Easily landed in Sicily...and then surprised the Dionians and launched a sudden attack! If we really encounter another storm, it means that Bar Harmon no longer protects Carthage. No matter how much we do, Our efforts are in vain... But this is impossible, because we in Carthage have been blessed by Bar Hamon and Tanit and have survived here for hundreds of years, and we will continue to survive here!"

"But -" Annobas still wanted to persuade, but Mago impatiently waved his hand to stop him: "I asked you to come, not to listen to your nagging, but to ask you to discuss and formulate a landing plan with me as soon as possible. , and then notify Carthage and Utica as soon as possible to make all preparations."

"Okay, Master Mago, I am opposed to such a risk, but since you insist, I can only obey your orders." Annobas knew Mago and knew that no more persuasion would be of any use. He said in such a tone What he said was actually the plan of "if the login fails, this can be used as an excuse."

………………………………………… On the second day, it really started to drizzle on the coast where Carthage was located, and a southwesterly wind blew, which also affected western Sicily.

Generally, in such a climate, the workers at Lilibi Port will be relatively leisurely, because few merchant ships will go to sea for trade in such weather. However, due to the raging of the Dionian warships, only in such weather , the Carthaginian and Phoenician merchant ships would be safe. Yesterday, Lilibi Port was quite busy, and it seems that the situation will not be bad today, so the port managers rushed the workers to the dock early in the morning.

There are no Carthaginians among the laborers in Lilibi. After all, almost all Carthaginians are from wealthy families, and no one will engage in such backbreaking and menial work. More than half of them are Numibian slaves, but these people have lived in the interior since childhood. The Numibians are only suitable for some hard work and heavy work. Some more demanding port jobs such as how to guide ships to docks, secure ships, better load and unload cargo... need to be completed by other races with navigation experience. , so there are also some Greek slaves, mixed Phoenician and Greek free people, and even Greek free people among the laborers at Lilibi. This is because Phoenicians and Greeks have lived together on this small island for hundreds of years. the result of.

Thanks to the other side of remembrance for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 887 Landing in Sicily (2)The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 887 Landing in Sicily (2)-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui If it was more than 10 years ago, the laborers at Lilibi Port were more Greek free people and there were very few Numibian slaves. However, the Kingdom of Dionia occupied eastern Sicily and absorbed Greek free people and Carthage. The conquest of Numbia changed this situation.

Braving the continuous drizzle and the cold and humid sea breeze, the workers rushed to the dock shaking their heads. It was still daybreak, and although the port was open, no ships had come in yet. The workers took the opportunity to squat under the eaves of the warehouse on the shore and seize the time to rest.

Not long after, they heard noisy footsteps. Hundreds of Carthaginian soldiers poured into the port, began to drive away the idle people in the port, and strengthened patrols on the dock.

Looking at the dock that suddenly became heavily guarded, the workers felt shocked.

“Look! The Lord of Imisele City is here!” Someone shouted in surprise, and the surrounding atmosphere became even more tense.

At this time, the official in charge of labor management ran over and cursed angrily: "Get up, lazy guys! Before Lord Mago leads the army to the port, you should immediately clear all the obstacles and garbage at the dock to ensure the smoothness of the road. Smooth and clean! Also take those dilapidated boats docked at the pier away for me immediately! Quick! Quick! If anyone is lazy, I will let them know how powerful I am!..."

With the roar of the officials, the supervisors swung their whips and the workers immediately ran towards the dock like frightened rabbits under the leadership of the foreman.

One of them was a stooped middle-aged laborer, whose dull eyes were now gleaming: The Carthaginian army actually chose to cross the sea and land at Lilibi in such a climate. How bold it was! I wonder if Flarios sent a clipper to detect this enemy action? !
………………………………………… About an hour later, the first troop transport ship entered the Port of Lilibi. The sailors on the ship had already furled the sails. They shouted the trumpet, rowed the oars, and sailed to the pier closest to them.

Then the second and third ships sailed...

Soon, the sea surface of the port was covered with troop transport ships.

Seeing a ship approaching the trestle, the foreman led a dozen workers to run over quickly, hooked the side of the ship with a hand-held iron hook, and made one side of it completely close to the trestle, and then tied the cables on the ship to the wooden piles. Then put up planks and let the soldiers disembark.

This procedure that workers are usually very skilled in helping to dock ships has become a bit difficult under the cold wind and drizzle, because the trestle has become slippery and the ship has to use greater force under the agitation of the waves. It took a lot of strength to pull it. It became a very common phenomenon for workers to keep slipping on the trestle and falling into the sea. It was even not uncommon for ships to collide in the port and soldiers to fall into the water...

ˆAlthough Imisele made some preparations for the landing of the army, chaos at the port still inevitably occurred and continued...

However, no matter how chaotic the Lilibi Port was, soldiers still boarded the dock one after another, and gathered densely on the shore of the port. Amidst the noise and noise, they lined up in columns and left the port one after another. Entering the city of Lilibi...

In the eyes of the stooped middle-aged laborer: the first people to come ashore should be Carthaginian soldiers (actually they are more Phoenicians), but these rumored delicate Carthaginians appear to be very calm. , there was little noise and confusion during the entire process of landing, and they obeyed the command of the team officer very much; there were also many dark-skinned and slender Numibian soldiers (actually some Mauritanians among them) who came ashore later. During the landing process, these rumored free-spirited nomads were actually able to obey orders and assemble relatively quickly ashore; of course, there were also soldiers who acted sloppily. These bare-chested, ferocious-looking natives with strange tattoos were said to be Although the Celts from the Iberian Peninsula were not used to riding in boats, they were tossed and vomited by the rough waves. They were all staggering and pale when they came ashore, but their tall and strong bodies still made him feel nervous. What concerned this worker most was the murderous aura exuded by these soldiers , which only veterans who have been on the battlefield for a long time can possess.

It seems that Carthage's army is not easy to deal with this time! He looked at the troop transport ships that were still coming in and out of the harbor entrance, hiding his worries in his heart...

………………………………… In this landing, Mago arranged the landing site of the main Iberian force that had followed him for many years in and around the port of Lilibi. In fact, the entire Carthaginian army-an army of more than 80,000 people The landing sites are all over the entire coast from Mazara to Elyx. There are not only the ports of various towns, but also beaches where ships can dock, because Mago hopes to be able to land soldiers, baggage, horses, etc. in the shortest possible time. After being sent to Sicily to avoid being discovered by the Dionians, he was attacked by their fleet.

For this purpose, not only Carthage and Utica dispatched a large number of ships, but also hadrumetum, ruspina, lgilgili... and other ships located on the African coast. The city-states of Feniki also provided ships to help transport soldiers.

Therefore, the entire sea area from western Sicily to Africa can see a strange scene: countless ships cover the sea surface, as if laying out a huge pontoon bridge connecting the two places. And along the western coast of Sicily, you can see exhausted soldiers gathering on the beach everywhere, frightened horses running around, shouts and horse neighs coming and going, from Mazara to Elyx...

………………………………………… In the palace of the city lord in Selinus, the adjutant Muklu gently opened the door of the study. Sitting alone in the room was Leonticides, the commander of the Kingdom of Dionia in charge of the Sicilian war. He sat motionless on a wooden chair like a puppet, staring attentively at the map of Sicily hanging on the wall.

Having followed Leotizides for some time, Muklu knew some of the commander's weird habits, so he did not speak, but stood quietly behind Leotizides.

I don't know how long it took, Muklu felt his eyelids were fighting, and suddenly heard Leotizides ask: "Yesterday, the Iberian army of about 20,000 people who had been entrenched in Palermos suddenly attacked. Marching south and entering the city of Lilibi, what do you think is the reason?” "Uh... maybe it has something to do with the fact that Mago, the Iberian governor of Carthage, took office as the military commander, and the conflict between the Iberian army and the Carthaginian army no longer existed..." When asked about this suddenly, Muklu failed to respond. After thinking deeply, I came up with a reason that I thought was reasonable.

Leotizides did not look back, still sitting upright, and continued to ask: "It has been a long time since Mago became the military commander of Carthage. Why did the Iberian army in Palermos until yesterday?" Did you just set out to enter Lilibi?"

Muklu heard a hint of dissatisfaction in Leotizides's words. This time he thought for a while before cautiously answering: "It may be because we have been sending soldiers to harvest Mazara during this period. , Segesta, Lilibi, and even the half-ripe wheat fields outside the city such as Elyx. The Iberian army came from the north coast, probably to strengthen the Carthaginians' military power here and prevent us from harvesting wheat. Action..."

After Muklu said these words, seeing that Leotizides did not respond, he thought for a while and added very uncertainly: "It may also be... cooperating with the Carthaginians' military operations..."

After a while, Leotizides replied faintly: "Carthage's military operation?... In addition to landing in Sicily, what else can they do?"

Tagru was suddenly shocked.

At this time, Leotizides stood up, looked at Muklu, and said in a deep voice: "Go and inform the cavalry corps to send me the best scouts. In the past few days, let me carefully explore Lilibi, E Lyx... report any abnormal movements of the enemies in these cities immediately!"

"Yes!" Muklu responded in a low voice, because he knew: From now on, compared with the Carthaginian army, the only weakness of the Dionysian army is the cavalry. This order of the commander determines the fourth The cavalry regiment must pay a certain amount of casualties.

"...At the same time, send five reserve brigades to follow these scouts to protect our scouts from being attacked by the Numibian cavalry." Leotizides' next words made Muklu relaxed. At the same time, with the backing of 5,000 legion reserve heavy infantry, the safety of the Dionia reconnaissance cavalry is guaranteed.

“Also, tell Miltias to send more clippers deeper into the sea further west of Sicily to detect the movements of the Carthaginian army on the other side of the sea.” After Leotizides finished speaking, Muklu looked embarrassed and said: "Commander, I came to the study just to tell you that our fleet still did not send any warships like yesterday. Go sailing in the western waters. According to the information I found, Miltias, the commander of the Sicilian fleet, said to his admirals, "They are not familiar with the sea conditions here. If they go to sea in such bad weather, they are likely to encounter them again." Like the previous misfortune, he must be responsible for the lives of the crew of each warship. He cannot let them die in vain without gaining any military merit. And in such weather, the Carthaginians are also worried , there will be no big action...'"

Listening to what Mukru said, Leotizides' face was terrifyingly gloomy. He snorted softly: "This new Sicilian fleet commander has been frightened by the storm. He is more courageous than Szekeli." It's much worse! You still have to go to the port and tell Miltias personally that it's my order that he must send clippers to patrol the western waters of Sicily in the next two days!” (End of this chapter)

Chapter 888 Siege of SelinusThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 888 Siege of Selinus-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Muklu hesitated for a moment and said: "... Commander, do you want to tell Governor Sipulos?"

Leotizides said lightly: "It's too far away and there's no time. Your Majesty should have put the Sicilian fleet under my command. That would have saved a lot of trouble. Go and carry out the order quickly."

Soon, Miltias's response was not what Muklu expected. Not only did he reject Leotizides' proposal to let him cruise, he also asked Muklu to send a message and tactfully reminded Leotizides. Des: The Sicilian fleet is not under his command, so let him not worry about naval affairs.

Leoticides rarely got angry in the mansion, but there was nothing he could do.

In the afternoon, the scouts returned to Selinus and brought bad news: on the coast from Mazara to Lilibi, they found many Carthaginian soldiers and ships gathered on many beaches.

The Carthaginian army is landing! Leotizides made the judgment easily.

“Send someone to tell Miltias and let him figure it out.” Leotizides curled his lips slightly and said sarcastically. It seems that Miltias' previous response made him very concerned.

“Gather the Eighth Legion and reserve troops immediately and follow me to attack the coast of Mazara!” Finally, Leotizides gave the order.

"yes!"

………………………………………… In order to understand and supervise the embarkation of the entire army at the ports of Carthage and Utica, Mago was almost at the forefront of the last batch of troops entering the port of Lilibi.

As soon as he landed on the pier, he was warmly welcomed by officials of all sizes, including Imisele, the lord of Lilibi, and Admika, the acting commander-in-chief of the Carthaginian army. They all welcomed him into the city lord like a star. Mansion.

Mago had just sat down, and before he had time to speak, news came that "tens of thousands of Dionian troops had left the city of Selinus and were marching westward."

Most people present felt nervous, but Mago resolutely ordered: "Gather the troops immediately and go to intercept!"

Lilibi is a military fortress. There are several military camps in the city. More than 10,000 Numibian soldiers were stationed before (the army originally led by Monte Adeno). Yesterday, they were stationed by the army led by Hasdrubal. There were about 20,000 Iberian soldiers. Marco ordered his men to gather them quickly. For the sake of caution, he also took with him the 6,000 Iberian soldiers who had just landed in the city.

Leoticides led the army in the wind and rain, and normal marching became somewhat difficult, so it took nearly three hours to approach the city of Mazara.

At this time, he received a reward from the scout cavalry: a Carthaginian army was approaching them from Lilibi, numbering no less than 30,000 people.

Since the Battle of Minoa and the Dionysian army captured Selinus, Leotizides has thought of various ways to lure the enemies huddled in Lilibi, Segesta, Mazara and other cities out of the city. Fighting in order to achieve another success, but never succeeded.

Now that the Carthaginian army had finally left the city, Leotyzides hesitated. Although the Battle of Miloa exposed the low morale and low combat effectiveness of the Carthaginian army at that time, this did not make Leotizides become arrogant. Through intelligence, he knew that Ibis had captured Serdium. Leah's army should not be underestimated. The Carthaginian army that is now coming from Liliber must also be its main force, and the number of its soldiers far exceeds the number of the team he led.

During the time when the Dionian army was stationed in Selinus, since there had been no fighting, many friendly city-state soldiers had returned to their homes to prepare for the upcoming harvest season, and the third After the second fleet arrived in Sicily, Miltias once protested to Leotizides: without authorization, he adapted the outstanding crew members of the Dionysian navy into light infantry to serve as auxiliaries for the legions in battle (referring to the lucky ones in the storm). Some of the tens of thousands of Sicilian fleet sailors who survived).

He also reported the matter to the Ministry of Military Affairs. In the end, Leotizides had to let these crew members return to the naval base on the Catania plain. Therefore, the number of troops currently led by Leotizides was just over 20,000. There are still more than 3,000 friendly soldiers left in Selinus, which is all the troops he now has in western Sicily.

He originally thought that the Carthaginian army's landing in such bad weather would inevitably cause temporary chaos, but he did not expect that the Carthaginians would attack so quickly.

His eyes scanned the heavily armed legionnaires beside him, their rain-stained faces showing exhaustion. After only a moment of hesitation, Leotyzides, who was not always blindly impulsive in combat, gave up the idea of ​​fighting the approaching Carthaginian army, ordered the army to stop advancing and return to Selinus immediately.

Soldiers who made a wasted trip and were soaked in the rain complained about this.

Leotizides did not care about this, he cared about whether the Sicilian fleet could gain anything.

………………………………… After being reminded by his adjutant Muklu, Miltias did not fully believe Muklu's words in view of his bad relationship with Leotizides, so he did not lead the fleet to sea immediately, but sent a fleet of The ship went to patrol the western waters.

After receiving the confirmation, he hurriedly led the fleet out of the port. After this back and forth, and the fact that the fleet was sailing against the wind, by the time it rounded the cape and arrived at the waters near Mazara, it was already dusk. The sea, which was originally bustling with ships and extremely lively, had basically returned to calm, and the Carthaginian army The landing has ended, and the transportation of baggage and horses that followed has been mostly completed.

The Carthaginian clippers, which had been observing the movements of the Dionian fleet, quickly notified the ships still on the way. Some of them immediately returned to Carthage, and some stepped up their efforts to rush into the beaches and ports of Sicily, so the Dionian fleet was in this area. After searching around the sea for a while, they only rammed, sunk and captured a dozen cargo ships. Although they also saw many Carthage ships docked on the beach from time to time, they did not dare to approach and attack because there were many ships on these beaches. For many Carthaginian soldiers, it was obviously foolish for the navy to give up its own advantages to fight a land battle. Moreover, because of the dark sky and strong wind and waves, two warships accidentally ran aground and sank.

Therefore, Miltias had to order a return flight, and he was in a depressed mood during the journey: He had to bear a great responsibility for the Carthaginian army to successfully land in Sicily, and neither His Majesty Davos nor the Ministry of Military Affairs would be responsible for it. Turn a blind eye to this...

………………………………… 接下来的几天，西西里西部的战局呈现出一种诡异的平静。 迦太基方面，玛哥忙着整编登陆后混乱的军队，将散落在海岸上的物资运回利利俾，同时他还抽出时间，接见迦太基子邦的官员和盟邦的使者，详细了解西西里的情况，他甚至还召见了备受蒙特阿德诺冷落的西凯尔首领阿科尼斯。 在戴奥尼亚方面，列奥提齐德斯不再派出军队去破坏对手的田地和村庄，而是命令士兵们加固城防。 实际上，自从占领塞林努斯之后，他就一直在做这件事，因为他很清楚米诺亚一战不足以让迦太基伤筋动骨，反而会引来迦太基更猛烈的反击，西西里南海岸作为迦太基军队的主要进攻路线，位于这条路线起点的塞林努斯就显得十分重要了，只要坚守住它，就能给迦太基军队进一步向南海岸的戴奥尼亚友好城邦领地进攻制造很大的障碍，有助于完成戴弗斯国王所赋予的战略目的。 同时，列奥提齐德斯还派出信使赶回卡塔奈，向西普洛斯通知新的战情，他还向米诺亚、阿格里真托、杰拉等友好城邦再次寻求援军，以增强塞林努斯的防御力量。 列奥提齐德斯希望战斗发生得越晚越好，玛哥却已经等不及了，毕竟他可是在元老院许下过承诺——一年内将戴奥尼亚人赶出西西里。于是三天之后，浩浩荡荡的迦太基大军就将塞林努斯团团包围。 玛哥命令军队开始修建营地，同时让工程师和木匠打造攻城器械。 在营地初具规模之后，他开始派出由西西里各盟邦组建的几千名轻装步兵开始逐步清除塞林努斯城外围的陷阱、障碍。 列奥提齐德斯当然不会允许敌人如此轻易的就逼近到壕沟前，因此他不但命令城头的守军对任何进入城下攻击范围的敌人进行猛烈的远程攻击，而且还不时组织几百上千的轻甲兵，趁其不备，出城突袭正忙于清理障碍的敌人。 列奥提齐德斯积极主动的防御战术给予了正在清除城下障碍的迦太基士兵不小的杀伤，但是几天下来，迦太基对塞林努斯的包围圈仍在逐渐的缩小。 对于拥有约十二万大军的玛哥来说，些许死伤简直就是隔靴搔痒，对他不造成任何影响，而凭借着强大的军力作为后盾，迦太基人对塞林努斯城外的清理工作却一直未被中断过。 随着迦太基军队有条不紊的在城下的推进，并且加强了对守军突袭的防范，戴奥尼亚军队在吃过一两次小亏之后，也减少了出城突击的次数。 很快，迦太基人在城前摆上了几十架弩炮，不间断的用石弹轰击塞林努斯的城墙。 由于戴奥尼亚军团在平时的军事训练中就有城墙攻防训练，对于如何防备攻城利器——弩炮，他们当然也有自己的研究。除了让城墙上和城内布置的弩炮对敌人的弩炮进行精准打击之外，列奥提齐德斯还让士兵们将港口渔民的渔网大量收集起来，从城头垂缀下来，覆盖在墙壁上，以缓冲石弹的冲击力。 感谢黑车司机皮卡丘的打赏！你的支持是我写作的动力！！ (本章完)

Chapter 889 Night AttackThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 889 Night Attack-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Carthage is not Rome. Years of war with Syracuse have made its army rich in siege experience, and it has sufficient technical capabilities to implement the siege plan. Mago saw that the attack effect of the ballista was not obvious. After thinking about it, he ordered a city wall to be built a hundred meters away from the city of Selinus. Not only should it completely surround the city of Selinus, but its height should not be lower. For the city wall of Selinus, this can not only prevent the Dionians from raiding, but also suppress the long-range attacks on the opponent's city head, which is conductive to the next attack.

With Mago's order, nearly 100,000 soldiers in the entire military camp and countless laborers transporting baggage began to take action under the guidance of engineers.

ˆ Dionysian defenders discovered the enemy's attempt and made several raids out of the city, but were repelled by the well-prepared Carthaginians.

Three days later, a prototype of an earthen wall surrounding the city of Selinus was being built.

Just when the Dionian soldiers were shocked, at the palace of the Lord of Selinus, Leotizides, the Sicilian theater commander of the Dionian Kingdom, met with Miltias, the commander of the Sicilian fleet.

Ever since Leotizides incorporated the Sicilian fleet crew into his own army without the approval of the Ministry of Military Affairs, which violated the interests of the Dionian Navy and was discovered by the newly appointed Milchias, the two sides have been at loggerheads. , Miltias moved to the port and never met Leotizides again. The reason why he came to the city to discuss this time was out of necessity.

Because Miltias was worried about the occurrence of a storm, he stopped the warships from patrolling the western waters of Sicily, which caused the Carthaginian army to easily land in Sicily. This was a huge military mistake. If Leotizides added insult to injury at this time , he reported it to the Ministry of Military Affairs and said, "He has reminded the Sicilian fleet many times not to stop the blockade of the western sea area because of bad weather, but the commander of the Sicilian fleet has always been stubborn and refused to listen, which led to the Sicilian war situation. There have been huge changes..." This will not only increase the resentment of King Davos and the Ministry of Military Affairs towards Miltias, but may also ruin his future military career, so Miltias came with a soft mentality. .

When Leotizides saw him, he did not mention a word about "the landing of the Carthaginian army", but said directly: "Miltias, I am preparing to attack the Carthaginian camp at night, and I need you. Navy help."

Upon hearing this, Miltias' thoughts changed quickly, and then he said hesitantly: "...A night attack on the Carthaginian camp? Are you planning to attack from the sea? The Carthaginians are in Selinus. There are many sentries deployed along the coast, and they are well prepared... It is said that there is a camp with hundreds of thousands of people! How many soldiers do we need to invest in a raid to cause chaos in the Carthage camp! If we fail , there is a danger of the whole army being annihilated!"

Leotizides heard the hint of heartbeat in Miltias's hesitant words. In order to convince this colleague who had the same position as him, he had to take some time and patiently explain: "I don't know how to do it." Let the soldiers land on the nearby coast, that way they will be easily discovered by the Carthaginians. The place I chose is here——"

Leotizides pointed to a rough sketch on the table depicting the surroundings of the city of Selinus and the Carthaginian camp.

Miltias hesitated for a moment, then approached Leotizides and took a closer look and found that his finger was exactly between Selinus and Germe.

Since taking office as the commander of the Sicilian fleet, Miltias has commanded the flagship and repeatedly cruised on the south coast of Sicily to become familiar with the sea environment here. This is also a skill that a senior general of Deolia must possess. At this moment, a rough picture of the location emerged in his mind. There was indeed a small beach there, which was easy to land on, but he reminded: "The coast road from Germe to Selinus is undulating, and it is not very good during the day." Let's go, I'm afraid it will be more difficult at night!"

"This is the reason why I chose to land here." Leotizides said confidently: "The coastal environment there is complicated, and the Carthaginians who just landed in Sicily are still not familiar with the coast leading to Germe. If you are not familiar with it, this can prevent our landing from being discovered by the enemy. I asked the fishermen at the port that tonight will be a full moon night. After landing, the soldiers can use the moonlight to sneak into the mountains and forests near the coast for about two or more An hour's march would bring us close to the Carthaginian camp."

Leotizides moved his fingers to the pattern of the Carthage camp and continued: "Based on my careful observation at the top of the city during this period and the reports from the soldiers who raided the city, I think that Mago led The Iberian army camp should be to our north, and the army camp from Carthage should be on our east and west sides. Most of their soldiers should be Numibians, and they are also the main force in building earth walls in the past few days. They must be very tired after being busy during the day and fall into a deep sleep at night.

Moreover, in these days, the Carthaginian army has focused its entire defense on protecting the earth wall that is being built, and may have neglected to guard the rear of its camp. Our raid is highly likely to succeed... By then I will also gather 10,000 heavy infantry in the city. When the raiding force causes chaos in the Carthage camp, I will immediately leave the city, rush through the earth wall, attack the Carthage camp, and escort them back to the city. If the situation is very serious for us, It's beneficial, and we can continue to attack——” “What if the raid fails?” Miltias interrupted him suddenly.

Leotizides had already considered this. He said calmly: "I will let them escape eastward into the mountains and eventually return through Minoa."

Miltias stopped talking. He knew that there were allies, the Sikelians, in the mountains to the east. As long as they escaped into the mountains, they would have a high chance of returning safely.

He carefully studied the sketch on the table and focused on the target of the night attack - the Carthaginian camp located east of the city of Selinus. Perhaps because the Carthaginians had strong military strength, the camp was built. One mile away from the city, standing at the top of the city, one could indeed roughly see the Carthaginian camp. Therefore, Leotizides was able to deduce the general layout of the Carthaginian camp, and he did not have much doubt.

At this time, Leotizides said again: "I will send the light armored brigade of the Eighth Legion and 1,000 reserve legion soldiers to carry out this raid mission. I hope that the fleet infantry belonging to the Sicilian Fleet will also participate in this operation. "

"No..." Miltias instinctively wanted to refuse. As soon as the words came out of his mouth, he immediately realized that the fleet infantry could participate in this night attack. Once successful, it would definitely be a good thing for him, which could alleviate his previous He immediately changed his mind about the mistake he made: "Of course there is no problem. Our fleet infantry is best at landing raids. I will let them all join this raid!"

Previously, the 4th fleet led by Miltias had 40 three-tiered galleys, including 30 crow warships, so there were 1,200 fleet infantry, plus those who had survived the storm before, his men There are about 3,000 fleet infantry in total. This brought the number of soldiers involved in the raid to 5,000.

Leoticides was satisfied, which was one of the main reasons why he called Miltias.

With the fleet infantry joining the night attack, Miltias became much more active. He spent a long time perfecting the raid plan with Leotizides.

………………………………… Mago was woken up in his sleep, and he was shocked when he heard the news of "the Dionians attacking the camp".

At this time, there was already a faint sound of fighting reaching his ears. As he walked out of the tent quickly, he asked urgently: "Which camp was attacked?! How many enemies are there?!"

"It should be in the middle of Dongying. It's unclear how many enemies there are..." the adjutant replied hastily.

When Mago walked outside the tent, the sounds of fighting and screaming became clearer, and there were constant exclamations. The Dionysian night attack had begun to wake up the soldiers in other camps.

Mago looked eastward. Even with the moonlight shining, the camp of nearly 100,000 troops stretched for more than ten miles. The Chinese army camp alone was several miles away from the accident site. It was so dark at first glance that it was impossible to see. To what.

Mago listened carefully for a while. Although the shouts and screams were getting louder, he did not panic. During the conquest of southern Iberia, he had encountered too many night attacks and was already very experienced in this. He immediately Decisively said to the adjutant: "Send messengers to each camp and inform the generals to control the soldiers in their camps and prepare for defense. Without my order, no one is allowed to lead troops to rescue without permission! If anyone doesn't Do as you are told and I will crucify him!” The reason why Mago spoke harshly is because the eastern camp is mainly stationed with troops formed by Carthage, and its generals are mostly nobles from the basic city of Carthage. Mago has been away from Carthage for more than 10 years. Some people may think Ignore his presence and act without authorization.

The messengers rushed away, and the generals of the Chinese army camp quickly rushed to the tent after receiving the urgent call.

Mago once again gave them a direct order: "Gather your soldiers immediately. Except for Talca who leads his troops to defend the camp, the other troops will follow me to rescue the attacked camp——"

Before Mago finished speaking, a deafening roar suddenly came from outside the tent, and some people inside the tent changed their expressions when they heard it.

The adjutant rushed in and shouted urgently: "Sir, the Dionians sent troops from the city to attack the camp to the east!"

However, Mago looked calm and smiled: "Listening to this voice, I'm afraid there are quite a few soldiers sent by the Dionians. That's great! We can just kill them all and then attack Selinus. It's much easier when you're in the city!” (End of this chapter)

Chapter 890 Return of CyklianThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 890 The Return of Cyklian-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui The strong military strength gave Mago enough confidence that he would not care about some casualties, and his words also cheered up the generals.

Mago then said to the adjutant: "Immediately send someone to notify Admika in the southern camp and ask him to organize 10,000 soldiers, and then rush to the eastern camp as our backup."

“Yes, sir!” ˆˆ Mago looked around at everyone, and then said in blunt Celtic language: "Rutam, you and your people are the vanguard."

The Celtic leader Rutam, whose appearance and attire were obviously different from others, replied angrily: "Oh!"

Rutam is a Lusitanian. This race that lives widely in northwest Iberia is fierce and warlike. It once brought great trouble to Mago's expansion in the Iberian Peninsula, and even threatened his expansion in Iberia. In the end, Mago had to conclude a peace agreement with them. This time he impressed several large tribes of this race with huge benefits, causing them to form an army of about 8,000 people and follow Mago to conquer Sicily. Lutam is just one of the tribal leaders. Since the melee in the dark night relies more on personal force, it is conductive to their performance.

About ten minutes later, the troops from the Chinese army camp gradually left the south gate of the camp and marched along the built earth wall toward the east camp, which was falling into chaos.

………………………………………… When evening came, Leotizides went to the top of the east city and looked at the Carthage camp with all his concentration. He waited until there was a loud noise of killing and a commotion in the camp opposite, and then he felt temporarily relieved. tone. , and then immediately ordered the 10,000 heavy infantry composed of the Eighth Army and reserve soldiers who had been waiting in the city to rush out of the city and continue to attack the enemy camp, which began to fall into chaos.

At the same time, the careful Leotizides did not forget that when the enemy's attention was attracted by the night attack, he sent soldiers from the mountain reconnaissance team, climbed over the earth wall, and lurked around Carthage. He stayed in front of the camp and reported what he saw in a timely manner, allowing him to fully understand the enemy's response in detail.

Therefore, even if he learned that the raiding troops had merged and completely crushed the enemy's resistance, causing the camp to fall into complete chaos, he was not excited. On the contrary, he felt uneasy after learning that most of the Carthage camps in other areas had gathered soldiers and did not rush to rescue them. Instead, they were stationed at the borders of their respective camps.

Sure enough, the raiding force wanted to drive away the defeated troops and overwhelm the neighboring camps, continuing to expand the chaos, but the progress was somewhat slow.

At this time, another urgent news came: Carthage's central camp had sent troops, and they were rushing east along the earth wall.

Leotizides immediately realized that the Carthaginians wanted to cut off the return route of the night attack troops and surround and annihilate them.

The Dionian soldiers participating in the night attack were the main force under Leotizides. She had been standing at the top of the city, paying attention to the progress of the battle, just to avoid such a thing from happening.

"Woo! Woo! Woo!..." The trumpeters who had been standing at the top of the city immediately blew the retreat trumpet.

Before setting off, the assault soldiers who had received repeated instructions from their commander heard the sound of the bugle, reminded each other, and stopped chasing the defeated troops one after another...

Before retreating, they did one last thing - burn the camp.

………………………………………… Before the rescue force led by Mago arrived, the news that "the Dionians actually retreated back to the city" really surprised him. In his opinion, after the Dionians successfully attacked at night, they would definitely take advantage of the victory to pursue them Defeating the soldiers and expanding the results of the battle gave him time to surround them, but the Dionysian's calmness and decisiveness made his plan fail, and the hurried reinforcements had to become a fire brigade.

As the vanguard, the Lusitalians chased after them unwillingly, but were attacked from a distance by the well-prepared city defenders. After suffering some casualties, they had to retreat in frustration.

In this night attack, the Dionians only suffered more than 400 casualties, but it caused nearly 4,000 casualties in the Carthaginian army, half of which were caused by the Carthaginian soldiers pushing and trampling each other as they fled in the dark. At the same time , 1/3 of the eastern military camp was burned to ashes, and the Carthaginian army suffered heavy losses.

After Mago returned to the big tent, he was unable to sleep. He was brooding about this failure. The tenacity of the fighting will and the changeable tactics of the far inferior Dionians frightened him and made him realize The huge force paralyzed him, making him slow to respond to the battle situation.

After learning from the painful experience, he used this as an excuse the next day to forcefully dismiss most of the Carthaginian generals, allowing senior officers who had followed him in the Iberian Peninsula for many years to take over the Carthaginian army, and began to It is reorganized and trained.

At the same time, he suspended the construction of the earth wall and stepped up the repairs of the crude camp.

Of course, the fire last night caused the Carthaginians to lose a lot of supplies, and Mago sent a messenger to notify Imisele, the lord of Lilibi, to deliver a batch of supplies to the camp.

There is no shortage of supplies in Lilibi City for the time being, but there is a shortage of manpower, so labor at the port has to be temporarily recruited.

When the team transporting baggage was about to arrive at the Carthage camp, an accident occurred: a laborer from the port excused himself from the transport team on the pretext of having a stomachache and tried to escape from the team. He was discovered by patrolling cavalry on the way. Under their pursuit, the laborer Jump off the cliff and fall into the sea.

To the Carthaginians, this was a trivial matter, and no one mentioned it again after the transport team arrived at the camp.

………………………………………… In the past two days, Miltias' uneasy mood has improved a bit, because the Sicilian fleet made great efforts in the night attack the night before, not only winning a great victory, but also suffering minor casualties. He believed that after receiving this good news, the Ministry of Military Affairs , will reduce dissatisfaction with him.

After breakfast, he was ready to go to the dock to command the fleet to leave the port and cruise in the waters of western Sicily.

Although the Carthaginian army landed in Sicily, to support such a huge army, it was not enough to rely on the help of the Carthaginian allies in western Sicily. More supplies also required continuous transportation from the continent of Africa across the sea. Coming over, this requires the Sicilian fleet to cut off the route between Carthage and Sicily. Over time, the Carthaginian army will fall into the dilemma of insufficient supplies, so Miltias does not dare to slack off anymore.

But before he could leave the house, the door was suddenly pushed open, and the guards rushed in: "General, good news! Lord Sekerian...is still alive! He...he's back!"

Miltias was shocked. Looking at the guard's excitement, he subconsciously asked: "Who do you think is alive?!"

“Miltias, blessed by Hades, of course I am still alive!” Along with this familiar voice, a familiar figure appeared at the door.

“Ah…Lord Cecilian!” Miltias hurriedly gave a military salute.

At this time, Sekerian looked thin and tired, and was tightly wrapped in a red cloak. He said eagerly: "Get me some food quickly, I am almost starving to death."

“Go and inform the kitchen to reheat the porridge, toast the bread, and fry some fish...” Miltias quickly ordered the guards.

"Whatever is hot, just bring the bread and wheat porridge. I'll fill my stomach first." Sekerian said impatiently, then turned to the fleet officers who accompanied him here and said: "Brothers, hurry up. Go back and perform your mission. If you delay, you will be punished. I will have a good chat with you after I have rested."

A large group of crew members gathered outside the door listened to Sekerian's words of persuasion, reluctantly left the house and returned to the dock. The news that "Czekerian came back alive" quickly spread throughout the fleet, and every crew member was excited. Because the naval commander and hero they thought was dead came back, it was a miracle!
Watching Seclian devouring breakfast, Miltias choked on what he wanted to say, until Seclian burped, then stopped eating, put his hands on the wooden table, and stared blankly A clay pot containing wheat porridge. After a moment, he said in a low tone: "On the way here, the brothers all told me...Florarios died in the battle, and almost the entire Sicilian fleet was destroyed by the storm, and many brothers drowned..."

Miltias watched Seclian's whole body slowly lean forward, as if his whole body was about to collapse on the wooden table. He was about to speak when he suddenly heard a "pop" sound, and Seclian's right hand suddenly He slapped it on the wooden table, almost knocking over the earthen pot on the table, but he straightened his back again: "However, we still have dozens of warships preserved, but the Carthage fleet was completely destroyed. We also took the opportunity to occupy Selinus, so my Sicilian fleet won that naval battle!"

With confidence and sternness returning to Cykerian's face, Miltias certainly would not argue with him about whether the decisive battle with the Carthaginian fleet on the stormy day was right or wrong. Instead, he took the opportunity to raise his doubts: "My Lord , we have been looking for you for a while, but have not found you, where have you been?"

“I'm in Lilibei.” Sekerian said calmly.

"You...you were captured by the Carthaginians?!" Miltias was surprised: Why did the Carthaginians who came to exchange prisoners before never mention this? !

"Of course not." Sekerian recalled painfully: "... After the storm, I woke up and found myself lying on the beach, surrounded by drowned and unconscious crew members... I wanted to save them, but I saw When the Carthaginians arrived on the beach, I didn't want to be captured by them, so I swam into the sea again...

But I was tired and hungry at the time, and I was exhausted after swimming for a long time. There happened to be a few slow-moving Carthaginian ships nearby searching for survivors of the shipwreck... In desperation, I dived into the water, taking advantage of the darkness of the night. While the Carthaginians were not paying attention, he grabbed the side of a large ship that was about to return, and was taken into the port of Lilybae.

Due to the storm and shipwreck, the harbor of Lilibi was in chaos, so I was able to board the pier quietly. Later, with the help of the Greek compatriots in the port, I temporarily lurked in Lilibi... I later recalled that I was lying on the pier at that time. The beach is probably between Mazara and Lilibi...

Because the people of Lillibin were worried about being attacked by our army, the city was always heavily guarded and it was difficult for me to go out. If it weren't for the Carthaginian army landing this time and requiring us to transport baggage, I'm afraid I would still be waiting for an opportunity in Lilibi City, but——” Thanks to the other side of remembrance for the reward! Your support is my motivation to write! !

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 891 Miltias' Rejection and ObedienceThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 891 Miltias' Rejection and Obedience-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui Sekerian turned to look at Miltias, his eyes were bright, and he reprimanded loudly: "Miltias, the Dionysian Navy has always made brave advances as our navy's tradition since its creation, and you are afraid of the wind and waves . , instead of cruising the waters west of Sicily as planned, I missed a good opportunity to take advantage of the Carthaginian army to land in Sicily and inflict heavy damage on them. I am very disappointed about this!"

Miltias was still listening intently to Seclian's adventures, and was sighing in his heart: If it weren't for this old officer's good luck, as well as his super physical fitness and swimming skills, ordinary sailors would have become Carthaginians. Human captives.

He suddenly heard these next few words, and his face suddenly turned red. He did not argue, but lowered his head in shame.

"Fortunately, I'm back now." Sekerian said in a deep voice, "You can return the command of the fleet to me."

Miltias suddenly raised his head, and after making contact with Sekerian's sharp eyes, he immediately avoided it. After a moment, he met Sekerian's eyes again, and mustered up the courage to say: ".. .My lord...the commander of the Sicilian fleet" The power was granted to me by His Majesty and the Ministry of Military Affairs. I... dare not transfer it privately because it is against military law!"

Miltias's objection made Sekerian stunned. His face showed a bit of worry. He tried his best to keep his tone calm and said: "You don't understand what I mean. You can continue to serve as the commander of the Sicilian Fleet. But the fleet is commanded by me. You have to know that if it weren't for me being trapped in Lilibi, you wouldn't be able to become the commander of the Sicilian fleet!"

What Sekerian said is indeed true. The previous letter written by Daves to the Ministry of Military Affairs also specifically mentioned the "appointment of the Sicilian Fleet Commander", so Miltias's initial appointment was "acting as the Sicilian Fleet Commander" ;, just Due to the failure to recover Sekerian, Flarios drowned again. For the convenience of command, the Ministry of Military Affairs finally decided to appoint Miltias as the official commander of the Sicilian Fleet.

As the former commander of the Dionian Navy, Sekerian won consecutive battles at the beginning of the establishment of the navy. He led the Dionian Navy, which had just emerged from its infancy, to gain a reputation. His prestige in the navy was very high . Midora The three fleet commanders Des, Flarios, and Miltias were all his subordinates at the beginning. Miltias would inevitably feel nervous when facing the powerful Sekerian.

However, Miltias has been in charge of the Fourth Fleet for so many years. He is no longer the captain of Davos's ship back then, and he has gained some confidence and power (this is also the purpose of Davos dividing the navy into four). one). What's more important is that Miltias thought that he had made a big mistake before, and now he was thinking about making up for it in future battles. If he gave up the command of the fleet to Seclian at this time, I am afraid that by the end of the war, this mistake would be gone. There is no way to make amends, because everyone will attribute the victory to Sekerian, and he himself will become a joke to the navy...

In a moment, Miltias had already considered these powerful relationships clearly, so he calmed down and spoke in a stronger tone: "Lord Sekerian, you were once my commander and a senator. Elder, I still remember what you once said,  39;As captains of warships, you must set an example for the entire crew, perform your duties well, command your crew well, and fight bravely...', I I think you should know very well that since the founding of the Kingdom, there has never been a general in the army who only enjoys the benefits of promotion and does not perform his duties seriously, and I don't want to be the first!"

Miltiarch said with an extremely serious expression, and then he smiled bitterly: "Of course, if you feel that I am incompetent, you can apply to the Ministry of Military Affairs to remove me from the position of commander of the Sicilian Fleet.. ."

Hyklian's face darkened, and his eyes became sharp as he looked at Miltias.

Miltias also faced it calmly without fear.

The two of them looked at each other, and the atmosphere in the room became solid. Even the servant who was clearing the table quickly fled away.

After a moment, Cykerian twitched his face a few times, and tried his best to smile: "Very good, Miltias, as a commander... you must have this kind of momentum to give yourself to others."

Although Sekerian is very powerful in the Dionian navy, he is not arrogant. Without Miltias's cooperation, it is certainly impossible for him to usurp fleet command, because this not only violates military law, but also violates military law. According to the laws of the kingdom, King Davos's temper would probably send him to prison in anger. As for directly proposing to the Ministry of Military Affairs to "remove Miltias and let him take over the position of commander of the Sicilian fleet" ;, this approach would be too overbearing and would arouse the resentment of some people in the kingdom's army and damage his own image.

Sekerian has been in a high position for more than ten years. He is no longer the young and impulsive poor sailor he was. Naturally, he will have a lot of concerns. After a while, he said nonchalantly: "In a moment, you can send me a fast ship to take me back to Catania." The naval base... I should also go and pay my respects to Flarios and the brothers who died in the battle..."

Miltias didn't know what Sekerian was thinking at this moment, but Sekerian stopped pressing, which made him temporarily relieved. Of course, he wanted Sekerian to leave, so he didn't try to hold him back: " Okay, sir, I'll make arrangements right away."

With that said, he quickly left the living room where the atmosphere was solidified, as if avoiding the plague, and strode towards the yard.

At this moment, the wooden door was pushed open, and Leotizides' adjutant Muklu came in: "General Miltias, Commander Proseus invites you to go to the city lord's mansion to discuss urgent military matters with you. ! "

When Miltias heard this, he brought him a pillow just because he wanted to doze off. He was overjoyed and did not ask what the military urgent situation was. He turned around and said, "Sir, I want to go to the city first to discuss the battle plan with their army. "

"Without affecting the overall strategy, we must try our best to protect the interests of our fleet!" Sekerian slowly walked out of the living room. On the way here, he had heard that "Leotisides once transferred tens of thousands of "Fleet crew members were incorporated into the legion", so I gave a special reminder.

Muklu looked at him with wide eyes and shouted in surprise: "Lord Sekerian, are you still alive?!"

………………………………… As soon as Dionia's two top navy and army officers met in Sicily, Leotizides said: "Agrigento sent an envoy to ask for urgent help. Tens of thousands of Carthaginian troops are attacking Agrigen." Ligento City."

On the way here, Taglu did not reveal any urgent military situation to Miltias, so he was a little surprised when he heard this: "Tens of thousands of Carthaginian soldiers are attacking the city of Agrigento?! This is impossible! Our patrol ships have found no trace of the Carthaginian army heading east on the coast east of Selinus in the past few days, and the city of Minoa is also very peaceful!"

"The Carthaginian army did not go to the south coast. They probably went to the central mountainous area." There was a trace of regret on Leotizdesimuna's face: "We boarded the Carthaginian man named Mago. General Ji was fooled! He besieged Selinus to attract our attention, but secretly sent some troops over the mountains to attack our allies in the rear."

"Aren't there Sikelians in the mountains? How could they let the Carthaginian army pass easily..." Miltias thought of this Dionysian ally with whom he had not dealt with before, and asked doubtfully.

"I was careless this time. Although the news from the West Kells has not come yet, I think they have been defeated. Among the soldiers Mago brought from Iberia, there are races that are very good at fighting in the mountains. Before The fall of Serdium is a good example." Leotizides' voice was slightly urgent: "Agrigento has already killed and wounded many soldiers in the Battle of Minoa. A few days ago, Because Carthage besieged Selinus, they also sent some reinforcements. Now I am afraid that the city of Agrigento is empty of troops. We must rescue immediately! There are no extra ships in the port now. I need your fleet to transport 6,000 immediately. Reinforcements are heading to the port of Agrigento!"

Miltias also knew that the situation was urgent. Once Agrigento fell, not only the neighboring Gela and Minoa would be in danger, but the land access of the Dionysian army would also be cut off. Under the attack of the Carthaginian army, , the situation on the entire south coast of Sicily became complicated, so Miltias did not say anything like "the Sicilian fleet is used for combat, not for transporting troops..." and other evasive words, but immediately responded: " I will go to the port now to prepare the fleet, and when your soldiers arrive, I will send them to Agrigento immediately."

Miltias's cheerfulness made Leotizides heave a sigh of relief, and then he asked: "I heard Tagru said that Seclian is still alive and has returned to the port of Selinus?"

"Yes, it is really Hades' blessing! He is going to go to the Catania Naval Base first... to stay for a while and pay homage to his dead brothers." Miltias wanted to show joy, but he remembered what Sekerian wanted to do. He wanted to take over the fleet, so his expression looked a little weird.

Leoticides looked at him and said calmly: "Seklian must have suffered a lot during this period, and he should take a rest."

Seclian's return will naturally involve the issue of command of the Sicilian fleet. Compared to Seclian's strength, Leotizides is more willing to work with Miltias who became actively cooperative because of his mistakes. Therefore, his words vaguely revealed the meaning of supporting Miltias, which made Miltias happy. After all, if the Ministry of Military Affairs really considered this issue, they might also consult Leotici who fought alongside him. Des's opinion.

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 892 A strange fleetThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 892 The Strange Fleet-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui After Miltias left, Leotizides immediately said: "Tagru, hurry up and inform the rescue troops to rush to the port immediately."

"Yes, Commander." Tagru received the order and did not immediately execute it. Instead, he asked with some confusion: "Are the Carthaginians taking too many risks? They sent tens of thousands of troops to cross the traffic. Inconvenient and inconvenient mountainous areas for food transportation, separated by Selinus and Minoa, they want to capture Agrigento. Once our reinforcements arrive and their attempts fail, these tens of thousands of Carthaginians may even There is no need for us to attack, and we will be defeated because the food cannot be supplied in time..."

"Yes, this Carthaginian commander Mago really dares to take risks. It seems that he believes in the ability of his army." Leotizides looked at the wooden map hanging on the wall, his eyes flashing: "So we The reinforcements must be fast."

………………………………………… Since the Dionian army occupied Selinus, half of its port was quickly converted into a simple military port, which not only allowed the warships of the Sicilian fleet to dock for supplies, but also could be pushed ashore for maintenance and repairs... making the fleet Having a stable and secure foothold in western Sicily provides convenience for patrolling and attacking the western sea.

Now, more than 150 warships of the Sicilian fleet are docked at the dock. Soldiers from friendly city-states on the south coast such as Minoa, Agrigento, Gela, Camanlina, and Ecnome, as well as 1,000 Dionia reserve legion soldiers, a total of 6,000 soldiers, are boarding the warships in batches.

In order to be able to transport this support force to the port of Agrigento at once, Miltias did not even let the fleet soldiers board the crow warship, just to free up more space on the warship.

ˆ Seklian objected to this. He believed that the entire fleet could not be used to transport soldiers, and at least half of the warships needed to be used as escorts. This is a vigilance that a naval commander must have.

Miltias retorted: Only half of the warships were freed, which meant that half of the soldiers had to be transported for the second time. Now the enemy's situation was urgent. If Agrigento was breached due to lack of troops, this responsibility would not be fulfilled. Who will bear the responsibility? Moreover, after completing the transportation of troops, the Sicilian fleet had to cruise west, so there was no room for delay.

The two sides parted on bad terms again.

ˆ Seklian simply boarded the earliest clipper to leave the port, out of sight and out of mind.

In order to save time, each warship must be loaded with soldiers and set off immediately. Therefore, when Miltias boarded the last flagship and left the port, the entire fleet spread as much as four or five miles eastward, forming a curve. A single , curved line, each ship was packed with soldiers and therefore sailed slowly.

Miltias was also a little anxious about this. He looked at the soldiers lying on the deck with a frown, and estimated the time it would take to get from Selinus to Agrigento at this speed. By the time the transportation was completed, it would probably be already in the afternoon. , it is simply impossible for the fleet to patrol anymore.

At this moment, he hoped that there would be a relatively strong northwest wind like the day the Carthaginian army landed, which would greatly shorten the sailing time.

And just as he was thinking about it, the lookout suddenly shouted from above his head: "Attention! Attention! There is an enemy situation in the southeast!!"

Miltias was shocked, and then he became confused: all the Carthaginian warships were destroyed, where was the enemy on the southeast sea?
While he was confused, the lookout on the mast shouted anxiously again: "Two blue flags have been raised on the clipper! Two blue flags!"

The blue flag means that what appears is not a Carthaginian warship, otherwise the clipper will raise the yellow flag immediately, but the two blue flags mean that what appears nearby is a fleet, and the number is equivalent to the Sicilian fleet, regardless of whether it is There was hostility, all posing a considerable threat to the Sicilian fleet.

ˆ Miltias felt panicked. He held the side of the ship and tried hard to look to the southeast, but he could only vaguely see a few small dots on the sea in the distance.

Among the four major fleet commanders, neither Miltias nor Flarios had any experience in independently commanding large-scale naval battles. During the South Italian War, Miltias was only the captain of a trireme. After the establishment of the 4th Fleet, the Ministry of Military Affairs provided Davos with multiple candidates for fleet leadership. Their qualifications and achievements , and have similar abilities, Davos couldn't make a choice for a while. In the end, he chose Miltias because Miltias had served as the captain of Davos 39;s ship. Davos still had some impressions of him, which gave him extra points.

After becoming the commander of the Fourth Fleet, Miltias spent most of his time leading the fleet to patrol the Adriatic Sea, combating pirates, and helping the army transport supplies. The only so-called naval battle was the conquest of Messape and Pudu in Dionia. When Chetty attacked the Mapu United Fleet, because the opponent was too weak, it was defeated with almost no effort.

Now when Miltias may encounter the first great sea battle, the situation is so complicated: it is still unclear whether the opponent is an enemy or a friend, making it impossible for him to make a sudden decision to fight; not only does his own fleet have no formation, , and each warship was full of soldiers, which slowed down the speed and weakened the combat capability; but at this time, the entire fleet was located on the sea near Germe, so it was difficult to retreat. As a small town, The small and crude port of Germe could not accommodate the Sicilian fleet.

Under such circumstances, he was inevitably a little panicked. He tried his best to calm down, and then issued the first order: "Raise the flag of Apollo and sound the bugle!"

With the sound of the bugle, the golden flag was raised to the top of the mast and fluttered in the wind.

The warships in front of the flagship heard the sound of the bugle and saw the flying flag, and they all turned their bows and moved closer to Miltias' ship.

The semaphore of the Apollo flag is: center on the flagship and move closer to it, shortening the distance between warships to facilitate command and defense.

Miltias's thought at this time was: The fleet is now full of soldiers, which is not conducive to combat, and his flagship is located closer to Selinus. When all the warships approach him, if this strange fleet really If he launches an attack, he can lead the fleet back to Selinus first.

The Dionysian fleet extends too far on the sea, especially the warships at the front. The observer can neither see the flag on the rearmost flagship nor the signal from the speedboat cruising behind. , they could only make corresponding changes after seeing the warships behind them make tactical maneuvers, and the transmission of this message seemed a bit slow at this critical moment.

………………………………………… Because the clipper ship Sekerian was on was the first to leave, it was already a little far away from the entire fleet. Since he sat sullenly on the bow after boarding the ship, the crew could see that he was in a bad mood, and no one dared to come forward to disturb him. , the whole ship was unusually quiet.

At this time, he suddenly became calm, touched his ears, and asked the captain who was watching the sea conditions: "Did you hear it? There seems to be a bugle sound."

The captain shook his head blankly, listened carefully for a while, and then answered truthfully: "Sir, I didn't hear it."

The captain's words did not reassure Sekerian. He stood up, looked behind him, then raised his head and asked, "What happened to the warship behind?"

After a while, the lookout at the masthead replied: "They haven't changed much."

“Sir, maybe you heard wrong.” The captain said.

Seclian seemed not to have heard of it, and there was an uneasiness in his heart. Perhaps this uneasiness was buried when he learned that Miltias had the entire fleet full of soldiers without escorting warships, but now this kind of uneasiness The feeling became stronger.

He no longer hesitated and said decisively: "Turn around and drive back to take a look."

The captain complained a little in his heart that he was suspicious, but he did not dare to object in person. After all, Sekerian was a former naval commander, a victorious general and a hero worshiped by the crew, and his prestige was too high.

………………………………… Just as the Dionian warships turned around and returned one after another, the fleet was also approaching the Sicilian fleet. Many small black spots had appeared in Miltias's field of vision, which made him feel frightened.

At this moment, he heard the lookout at the top of the mast exclaim: "Two yellow flags! Two yellow flags are raised! It's the enemy! It's the enemy!!..."

The last luck in Miltias's heart was shattered. Now that the other warships have not yet completely approached, it is too late to retreat back to Selinus. Fortunately, while waiting, he already had a prepared plan: "Let's go again." Sound the bugle and let the warships dock at the nearest beach, put down the soldiers, and then return to fight!"

Of course, the following words cannot be expressed in semaphores, so his flagship must take the lead to set an example and let other warships follow suit. Therefore, after giving the order, the flagship sailed straight towards the coast.

The Dionia Clipper, which was cruising on the southeast side of the fleet to explore, actually did not know the approaching fleet. However, as the opponent's warships continued to approach, the formation slowly unfolded, the sails lowered, and the oars began to slide faster, this But the standard preparation process before a fleet enters battle is of course the enemy.

It turns out that this fleet did not come from Carthage, but from the Phoenician region in the Eastern Mediterranean. Since the storm destroyed Carthage's navy, the Carthaginians have completely lost their maritime superiority. The Dionysian Sicilian fleet is rampant on the sea, not only trying to cut off the connection between Carthage and Sicily, but also beginning to threaten Carthage's base. The city's maritime trade. At this critical moment of life and death, while Carthage was stepping up its efforts to build new warships, it also thought of its mother state.

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 893 East Phoenician FleetThe Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 893 The East Phoenician Fleet-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui When Tire, the mother state of Carthage, received the request for help from the Carthage envoy, it did not neglect it and quickly contacted other neighboring Phoenician city-states, such as Sidon, Acre, Arvady, etc., and they finally agreed to assist Carthage. , after all, one of the main reasons why the Phoenicians have been able to live relatively comfortably under Persian rule over the years is that every year they contribute a large amount of gold and silver to the Persian royal court, and these gold and silver are mainly from the Kas. Taiji traded it to them at a lower price.

Although there were not many Phoenician city-states to the Kingdom of Persia and their territory was not large, they owned hundreds of warships. Because the Persians were located inland and were not good at navigation, their navy was provided by foreigners. , mainly from Phoenicians and Greeks from Asia Minor, and in recent years the Persian king has been interested in retaking Egypt and has been preparing for war. The Phoenicians are the main force of the Persian navy and there is no lack of training.

But there is an important issue. The Phoenician city-states in the Eastern Mediterranean are under Persian rule, and their warships are also affiliated with the Persian navy. Of course, it is impossible to leave privately and go to the Western Mediterranean. Therefore, Tire, Sidon... must also send The envoys went to the Persian court to seek permission from King Artaxerxes of Persia.

Since the signing of the King's Contract, Persia's biggest enemy, the Greek city-states, not only no longer antagonized Persia, but instead let Persia act as an arbiter to mediate conflicts and disputes among the Greek city -states, which was equivalent to expressing surrender to Persia. Artaxerxes felt that he had achieved great achievements that none of the great kings before he had achieved. In addition, the political situation in Persia was stable at this time, and the barbarians worshiped him . His throne was very stable, so he was very satisfied and could think quietly. They moved and ordered the attack on Egypt. Although they suffered a small setback, they were not injured.

Under his orders, more complete preparations for the attack on Egypt were being made in the kingdom.

The envoys from Tire met with Artaxerxes and conveyed to him the Phoenician request.

This is not the first time that Artaxerxes has heard the name "Dionia". Although the two countries are thousands of miles apart, the prosperous maritime trade in the Mediterranean also makes the news spread quickly, and the Kingdom of Dionia quickly The miraculous story of the rise was also widely spread throughout Asia Minor, and naturally also in Persia.

The Persian King Artaxerxes began to pay attention to this new kingdom in the far west because his intelligence department discovered that Dionia was originally a country established by Greek mercenaries who followed the rebellion of Cyrus the Younger. After all, Greece The story of the mercenaries fighting thousands of miles in Persia and finally escaping successfully was widely popular in Greece and also spread in Asia Minor. However, it was a shame for Artaxerxes and his Persian army.

Under further investigation by the royal intelligence department, Artaxerxes learned more. For example, he knew that the Kingdom of Dionia, like Persia, was relatively tolerant of foreign gods and religions; Similarly, he exercised stricter control over the conquered lands; he even knew that Dionia and Egypt had formed a military alliance not long ago... So in Artaxerxes' mind, the Kingdom of Dionia belonged to Persia The enemy is just that this country is too far away and its strength is too insignificant (Artaxerxes and many Persian officials think so), so I didn't take it too seriously in the past.

But since something now involves Dionia, Artaxerxes is of course willing to cause some trouble for it, so he agreed to "the Phoenicians sending a fleet to assist Carthage" without much consideration, and They also generously allowed them to use the Persian flag when necessary. necessary.

With the Persian king's promise, the East Phoenicians quickly dispatched a fleet of 130 large and small warships, including 90 triremes, and 30 cargo ships carrying food supplies. The fleet began Under the flag of the Persian Navy, they sailed westward along the coast of Asia Minor unimpeded. The Greek city-states who saw this fleet along the way felt a little nervous and secretly speculated: What major military action did the Persians have?

The most nervous people were undoubtedly the Athenians, because at this time they were joining forces with Thebes to fight against Sparta. The Persian fleet was sailing west at this time, which made them panic: Could it be that Persia wanted to support Sparta and join the war? ? If so, the outlook for Athens will be very bad!

The East Phoenician fleet was like a pebble falling into a water bottle, causing waves, but it did not attract too much attention from the Dionians, because Dionia was fully coping with several wars and was temporarily separated. There is no energy left to pay attention to things in the Eastern Mediterranean, and in the hearts of the Dionians, they believe that it is impossible for the Persian fleet to attack the Western Mediterranean, and let them mess up the situation in the Eastern Mediterranean as much as possible.

Furthermore, it is almost approaching autumn, and the farmland in Dionia is about to reap a bumper harvest. The kingdom's merchants no longer buy food from the Eastern Mediterranean. Instead, they mobilize a lot of people and flock to the Latium region in central Italy, in an attempt to grow crops in this area. The kingdom's new conquests have brought new business opportunities and more profits. Naturally, the number of Dionian merchant ships plying the trade routes in the Eastern Mediterranean has decreased significantly. This has also caused the Ministry of Military Affairs to obtain little information about this Persian fleet. .

Later, the westbound East Phoenician fleet docked at the port of Kydonia in Crete, which made the Athenians even more nervous because the Cretan city-states were allies of Sparta, among which Kydonia Asia is closer to the mainland of Greece.

But a few days later, the Athenians received news that "the Persian fleet disappeared in Crete", which made them confused, but no one saw any trace of this fleet on the coast of mainland Greece.

In fact, after the East Phoenician fleet rested in Caedonia, taking advantage of a strong north wind blowing from the sea one day, it quietly left the port and sailed southwest, avoiding the usual routes frequented by Greek merchant ships, and arrived in St. Cyrenaica, a substate of Badda, then continued westward along the African coast to Leptis, the easternmost colonial city among the Phoenician colonies in Africa.

After arriving here and being warmly welcomed by the townspeople, the crew of the Phoenician fleet relaxed. The fleet continued westward, eventually reaching Hadrumetum.

This Phoenician city-state affiliated with Carthage was just south of Carthage, but few foreign merchant ships visited it. After the Phoenician fleet stayed in the port, it no longer headed west because of the shrewd East Felipes. After talking with their compatriots along the way, the Nikes realized that the Dionian navy they were about to fight was powerful, so they refused to enter the city of Carthage to avoid being forced to do so because they could not evade the Carthaginians' pleas. Confront the Carthaginian navy head -on, but want to choose the time to attack independently.

Of course, there is another reason to keep it secret. Although the East Phoenicians have close business ties with Carthage, the two sides have rarely had high-level political and military exchanges for decades. On the one hand, this is because of the Persian influence. The reason, on the other hand, is that the East Phoenicians (especially the Tire nobles) have always been wary of Carthage, which had taken away all their colonial trading points in the Western Mediterranean, and did not want to enter Carthage-this was The city called "the center of the West Phoenicians".

Later, the East Phoenician fleet staying at Hadrumetum refused to provide escort for the Carthaginian army to land in Sicily, because that would inevitably mean that they would withstand the crazy attack of the Dionian navy.

It was not until the Carthaginian army ventured to land in Sicily that the Dionysian navy focused its attention on western Sicily. At the suggestion of the Carthaginian commander Mago, the Carthaginian Senate discussed with the East Phoenician fleet. They Only then did he finally agree to Mago's plan.

The fleet quietly left Hadrumetum, sailed north, and reluctantly entered Kossyra.

Corsula is a small island belonging to Carthage. There is a Carthaginian town with about 2,000 people on the island and a small port located in the south of the island. The island is located between Sicily and Carthage, facing the city of Selinus to the north.

The East Phoenician fleet was crowded on the island of Corsula. After staying for a few days, the clippers sent out to explore brought back the news. As expected by Mago, the Dionian warships were leaving the port full of soldiers!

How could the East Phoenician fleet miss this great opportunity to annihilate the enemy? So the warship left the port, raised its sails, sailed north with the weak south wind, and finally caught up with the Dionian fleet in time.

The East Phoenician warships lowered their sails and began to speed up. The entire fleet gradually spread to both sides as they advanced, but they did not implement any special tactics. The situation of the Dionian fleet in front was not worth their time. To arrange tactics, they just tried to increase the number of warships in the front line as much as possible, and strive to sink enough enemy ships in the first impact.

The Dionia Clipper, now in the outer patrol position, has raised two yellow flags one by one from west to east. Rough information about the enemy's situation has spread throughout the team, and the warships approaching the Miltias flagship have begun to move towards The coast retreated, but the easternmost warship had just received the "closer to the flagship" signal. The entire fleet was disorganized and unable to coordinate, and the warship almost lost its combat capability, making the crew panic and low in morale.

………………………………………… At this moment, Sekerian, who already knew about the enemy situation, commanded the clipper he was riding to catch up with a returning trireme, and then he anxiously ordered the clipper to approach immediately.

Then, he stood on the bow of the ship and shouted: "I am Sekerian, who is the captain of this ship?!"

As soon as he finished speaking, there was a noisy exclamation in the cabin of the warship opposite: "Did you hear it? It's Lord Sekerian's voice!"

There is a dinner party tonight, update in advance!

(End of this chapter)

Chapter 894 The Battle of Germain (1)The Overlord of the Mediterranean in Ancient Greece-Chapter 894 The Battle of Germe (1)-69 Book Bar 2022-10-19 Author: Chen Rui “Don't panic, Lord Sekerian is here!” “With Lord Cyklian here, we are not afraid of any enemy!”… At the same time, there were also noisy discussions on the deck. These legion reserve soldiers from various towns in the Sicilian territory of Dionysia certainly knew the reputation of Sekerian, but they were far from being treated like the crewmen of Dionia. respect.

A man wearing leather armor and a leather helmet quickly walked out of the deck. He approached the side of the ship and solemnly performed a military salute: "Sir, I am the captain of this warship, Ilias of the First Fleet!"

Hearing that it was his old subordinate, Sekerian was relieved, and he immediately said: "I know you, Ilyas, every time the fleet's warship training and assessment is conducted, the results of the fast 3-layer oar warship your command are always Ranking at the top...Now I order you to immediately ask all the soldiers on the ship to jump into the sea for me, and then take your warship and follow me to meet the enemy!"

Ilias was taken aback and said hesitantly: "...but...Commander Miltias raised the Apollo flag and asked us to——"

"Miltias is a fool!" Seclian interrupted him angrily and shouted: "The enemies have come to kill them, and all the warships are still full of soldiers. They have no ability to fight. What's the use of gathering together? ! Is it convenient for you to be hit and sunk by the enemy! As the naval commander of the First Fleet, I now order you to execute the order immediately! "

"Yes...yes!" Ilias responded loudly. From the bottom of his heart, he absolutely agreed with Sekerian's approach, because the belief developed by the First Fleet under the influence of Sekerian was always to attack, never Being beaten passively.

Only the soldiers on the deck who heard the conversation between the two began to make noises. They did not want to be kicked off the ship.

Ilias had to face them and persuaded loudly: "Dionian warriors, our fleet is now encountering a strong enemy and the situation is urgent! But because you are loaded on the warship, the warship cannot fight. Either you Jump into the sea so that we can fight, repel the enemy, and then come back to rescue you; or you can stay on the ship, wait for the enemy ship to arrive, sink the warship, and then everyone will become prisoners together... Please make your choice now!"

The deck suddenly became silent, and soon a man stepped forward.

“Squad leader!” the soldiers shouted earnestly, focusing their hopeful eyes on him.

"Brothers, if the navy is destroyed, we will be in big trouble!" The squad leader said with determination: "Take your long shields and let's jump into the sea to show the navy that they are not the only ones who can swim."

After he finished speaking, no soldier expressed any objection, and one by one they picked up the long shields on the deck. This is the strict discipline of the Dionysian Legion, even if this is just a legion reserve unit.

"Please help us save other armor and weapons first." The squad leader told Ilias, then he picked up his long shield and with a "plop", the first one jumped into the sea, followed by the other soldiers.. .… During this process, Elias kept performing military salutes.

After Sekerian gave the order, he did not stop next to the warship, but continued to chase other warships. Since the warships were full of soldiers and were slow, it was not difficult to catch up with them. After stopping several warships one after another , , he discovered a situation: all he encountered were warships of the First Fleet (that is, warships that broke into the port of Selinus during the storm and escaped disaster), and there were many soldiers on board the warships. He is a legionary reserve soldier of Dionia.

Seklian thought about it for a moment and realized that this was certainly not an accident.

In order to seize the time, Miltias ordered at the port that the warships should be loaded with soldiers before setting off. The legion reserve soldiers were more well-trained and more organized and disciplined than the citizen soldiers of other city-states, so they could move as quickly as possible. The speed gathered at the dock and boarded the warship.

At the same time, Miltias was the last one to set off because he had to supervise the entire boarding process. Any military commander generally has a habit of gathering his most trusted troops around him, so that during the battle The command is more convenient and can play a greater role, although this is just a troop transport. Miltias still habitually let the warships of the First Fleet dock at the dock first, so the warships of the Fourth Fleet, which had been with him for more than ten years, set off later and were closer to him.

Miltias's unintentional arrangement made it easier for Sekerian. He could smoothly let the First Fleet warships and legion reserve soldiers sailing at the front carry out his orders: they were fast 3-layer oar warships. The soldiers on top all jumped into the sea; they were from the Crow Warship, 40 soldiers were retained, and the rest all jumped into the sea.

Of course, Sekerian would also encounter friendly soldiers on the warship. They obviously resisted this order, and some even threatened to use force to occupy the ship. The captain could only patiently persuade, and at the same time, there were nearby battles. The soldiers on the ship jumped into the sea to set an example, and most of these friendly soldiers eventually obeyed, but this only delayed time...

………………………………… While Seclian was anxiously persuading the ships in the east to obey his orders, the East Phoenician fleet was speeding up to pursue the Dionian warships retreating towards the coast.

Dionia's sailors paddled hard, but the ship was full of soldiers, which seriously affected the speed of the warship. They were gradually pulled closer by the East Phoenician fleet, which had been raised to the highest speed by the warship.

Eastern Phoenician warships, like tigers and wolves, pounced on the fat sheep in their eyes.

Seeing that the Dionian warship that was lagging behind could not escape, he simply turned around and bravely rushed towards the enemy ship. However, how could the Dionian warship that had lost its speed and flexibility be able to go into battle lightly? The opponents of the Phoenician warships either had their oars broken or were hit against the hull. Dionian crew members and soldiers continued to jump into the sea screaming in surprise.

Of course, there are occasional exceptions. These East Phoenician sailors learned about the situation of the Dionysian fleet from the mouths of their colonial compatriots, but after all, they have not experienced it personally. Several East Phoenician warships were careless when they were facing each other. Hooked by the twelve-meter-long suspension bridge of the Crow Warship, the friendly soldiers who had already put on armor and picked up weapons swarmed over.

Other Phoenician warships who saw this terrible scene quickly learned their lesson. When facing the Crow Warship again, they avoided the bow and attacked the stern.

The Raven warship was unable to move flexibly due to too many soldiers, was slow, and had no fast trireme to protect it, so it became a key target for Phoenician warships to attack.

Miltias's ship was rushing towards the beach. That beach happened to be the beach where the fleet infantry landed during the night raid a few days ago. It was one mile away, and the distance was getting closer, but Miltias There was no joy on his face, and he was suffering inside.

Originally, he had been sitting at the stern of the ship, observing the follow-up of other warships, but what he saw was: countless enemy ships rushing in at lightning speed, attacking the warships that were lagging behind. Although these lone warships were They resisted tenaciously, but were either sunk or damaged. They floated stiffly on the sea, allowing the enemy to bully them. The crew members kept screaming, and more and more crew members and soldiers fell into the sea...

This situation made Miltias feel like a knife: these are the warships that he had shamelessly applied to the Ministry of Military Affairs for more than ten years, carefully maintained and repaired every day, and saved up with hard work, but they were all gone in the blink of an eye! There are also these brothers who have been with him day and night and trained hard for more than ten years. He brought them to Sicily with their eagerness for meritorious service. They had never fought a big battle, but they were about to lose their lives! … He couldn't help but stood up and said loudly: "Stop the boat immediately! Leave 40 soldiers behind. The other soldiers immediately jumped off the boat and swam to the beach by themselves! Quick! Quick!"

At this time, the order issued by Miltias was actually the same as that of Sekerian. In fact, he had this idea in his mind before, but at that time he was still lucky, and he was worried that driving the soldiers on the ship into the sea would lead to friendly wars later. The protest was not good for him. After all, he had made a big mistake... A mistake caused the Sicilian fleet to encounter difficulties, and now he regretted it.

The friendly soldiers on the deck did not argue like the friendly soldiers on the warship to the east, because they had already seen the bad situation on the sea behind them. Staying on the ship was not necessarily safer than being at sea, so they quickly followed suit.

Miltias did not command the flagship to rush directly to the enemy ships, but quickly sailed towards the approaching warships. He needed to gather the nearby warships scattered outside the battlefield as quickly as possible in order to fight against this enemy ship that came out of nowhere. The enemy fleet is coming.

In fact, due to the critical situation, Miltias did not need to remind him that some soldiers on the Dionian warships had already actively jumped into the sea so that the warships could participate in the battle.

However, the first wave of attacks by the East Phoenician fleet crashed at least 10 Dionian triremes, and had torn the already scattered rear of the Dionian fleet to pieces. The warships took advantage of the victory to pursue the scattered Dionian warships, trying to catch the rear of the Dionian fleet in one fell swoop.

The flagship of Miltias, with its wide hull and the red blood flag flying on the top of the mast, naturally became the main target of the East Phoenician attack. A total of five Phoenician warships sailed towards it quickly, which forced Miltias to His original plan had to be stopped.

Miltias made an immediate decision and issued an order to a crow warship and a fast three-layer oar warship that gathered on both sides of his ship.

Soon, the Crow Warship and his flagship turned around quickly and headed towards the coast, while the fast 3-layer oar warship turned around and sailed parallel to the coast, keeping distance from them.

There is a dinner party tonight, update in advance!

(End of this chapter)

