
Chapter 901 Osa Agreement

In the coalition headquarters, Archduke Albrecht frowned when he saw the troop deployment plan sent from the front line.

"General De Smet, are your troop deployments in the coastal areas too weak?" There is no way. The anti-French alliance has advantages in all aspects, but is at a disadvantage in the navy.

The situation in the Mediterranean was fine. The French and Austrian navies were close in strength. Both countries were worried about being exploited by the British and did not dare to risk a decisive battle at sea.

The North Sea region is different. Both the Belgian Navy and the German Federal Navy are weak in front of the French Navy.

Even after Vittorio Emanuele III left London, the navies of the two countries did not send warships to respond.

There is no other reason than that I don't dare. The French navy has blocked the door, and warships leave the port without ever returning.

The anti-French alliance lost sea control in the North Sea, and coastal defense became a practical issue that Belgium and Germany had to face.

Belgium's coastline is not long, only 66 kilometers, but this cannot be defended by just a few guard regiments.

As far as Archduke Albrecht knew, the several guard regiments deployed in Belgium were temporarily expanded after the war.

The structure of the army is: a small number of retired officers and soldiers + temporarily recruited noble officers + a group of young men.

It is worth mentioning that the retired officers and soldiers among them are generally over fifty years old, and the younger ones have all gone to the main force.

Officers and soldiers are also eliminated after being screened by the main force. There is no way, even if the Belgian government is well prepared, it cannot change the fact that they are short of manpower.

Since the beginning of the war, the Belgian government has mobilized nearly 300,000 troops. Not to mention the quality, the mobilization ratio and speed were the highest among the participating countries.

"Your Excellency, Marshal, we have deployed a large number of shore artillery in the coastal areas. The French will have to pay a heavy price if they want to land. No commander would be so stupid to bombard warships and shore artillery.

Besides, the French offensive is too "Feng, our main forces have been invested in frontline operations, and there are no enough troops to deploy to the coastal areas." Admiral De Smet was very helpless. It was not that he was unaware of the dangers in the coastal areas. The problem was that there were not enough troops in hand. We must Take care of the more important battlefields first.

Now we can only bet that the French are reluctant to use warships to bombard shore batteries. Anyway, as long as they persist for another week, Austrian reinforcements will arrive.

Archduke Albrecht shook his head: "Your Majesty General, this judgment may not be a problem twenty years ago, but it is not possible now. The French can completely use warships as bait to expose your shore artillery fire points, and then use airship troops to carry out the attack. Bombing.

The previous battles have proved that your country's airship force is no match for the French. The sky temporarily belongs to the French.

Don't doubt the determination of the French government. Warships are not as valuable as you think. France drags out warships for target practice every year. There are many of them." The combat effectiveness of airships has been proven, especially during fixed-point bombing, airships can exert greater power.

Because of the emergence of anti-aircraft weapons, most airship bombings are now high-altitude bombings, and the hit rate is not very good. The problem is that the Belgian coast is only such a large area.

Bombing two kilometers of coastline is more than 100 square kilometers, equivalent to a city. It is no longer a problem for naval guns + airships to cover such a small area.

As long as the French are willing to pay a certain price, landing in Belgium's weakly defended coastal areas is not a problem at all.

The value of warships is also relative. The most advanced warships are naturally very valuable, but the same is not true for old warships that are ready to be retired.

Especially for countries such as Britain, France and Austria that often participate in arms races, who doesn't have a pile of warships waiting to be scrapped?

They can't be sold on the international market, and there aren't that many training ships. Apart from taking them out for target practice, they can only dismantle them and sell them for scrap metal.

There is no need to feel bad about using some warships as cannon fodder.

In Archduke Albrecht's view, the French did not implement the landing plan, either because the commander was too stupid and did not see it; or because the commander was indecisive and unwilling to sacrifice...

However, these are temporary, as long as the front line fails to achieve a breakthrough, the French will take this step sooner or later.

Even if the landing operation fails, the French can still contain a large number of troops from the anti-French alliance and create favorable conditions for the main decisive battle.

Apart from anything else, in order to ensure the safety of their hometown, the group of princes on the coast of the German Federation were unable to send troops to participate in the war.

General De Smet nodded disapprovingly: "Don't worry, Marshal, we will pay attention.

Once the French launch a landing campaign, we will immediately send troops to reinforce. Belgium is not big, so there is no time left.

The main reason now is that there is insufficient strength. , were completely suppressed by the French. When reinforcements from your country arrive, the situation will change." After more than half a month of fighting, it was not without help. At least the Belgian military's fear of the French has been eliminated a lot.

Because of the local fighting relationship, the two sides fought back and forth on the battlefield. Being at a disadvantage is just a lack of troops. The gap in combat effectiveness between the two sides is not as huge as imagined in advance.

Looking out the window, Archduke Albrecht did not intervene any further. Austrian reinforcements are coming soon, but they are not here to fight for the Belgians.

The attitude of the Vienna government was very clear. It would first encourage Belgium, Germany and the French to fight, and then proceed to the decisive battle with the main force when the fighting was almost over.

Don't ask why, it's the emperor's strategy, and it's just a matter of execution.

In this context, the Austrian reinforcements naturally cannot move faster.

Of course, Franz still had some moral integrity and didn't go too far.

The Austrian troops are still advancing at a speed of thirty to forty kilometers per day. The specific situation still depends on road conditions and weather.

There is nothing to say. Everyone's marching speed is not very good these days. They can advance thirty or forty kilometers a day, which is already the standard for elites.

It's not that I can't get up quickly, the problem is that it's difficult to continue. Perhaps with a light vehicle and a simple journey, one day we can make a quick march and cover 70 or 80 kilometers in one breath.

But this speed cannot continue. Soldiers are also human beings. When they are exhausted, they should not expect combat effectiveness.

In fact, cases of troops collapsing due to marching too fast are common in military history.

...

At the Palace of Vienna, Franz was holding a welcome banquet for the arrival of Vittorio Emanuele III.

In the past, France-Austria relations were okay. Although Austria recognized Vittorio Emanuele III as the King of Sardinia, it was only in private.

On the surface, the Vienna government, like other European countries, remained silent on this issue, as if they knew nothing.

Things are different now. France and Austria are both at war, so there is no need to worry about the feelings of the French.

In order to build momentum for Vittorio Emanuele III and to convince the Italian people that Austria was going to liberate them, Franz had to attend the welcome banquet in person to show that the Austrian government supported the Kingdom of Sardinia in regaining its independence. political standpoint.

Apart from some useless talk, nothing substantive was discussed at the banquet, and Franz only showed his face and left in a hurry.

The emperor has left, but the banquet will continue. The important task of receiving Vittorio Emanuele III fell to Weissenberg, which was his duty as foreign minister.

Vittorio Emanuele III asked with great concern: "Your Excellency, where is the war situation in Italy in your country? When will I be able to lead the Italian independence movement from the front?" There is no way, Vittorio ·Emanuele III has been greatly stimulated recently, especially when he was under house arrest in Britain, which stimulated him even more.

There has never been a time when the need to restore the country is so urgent as now. If Franz hadn't left too quickly and didn't give him a chance to speak, what he'd be asking now would be...

"Your Majesty, don't be anxious. When you arrive in Vienna for the first time, you should go and appreciate the beautiful scenery here.

Believe me, Vienna is not You will be disappointed. This is the most beautiful city in the world." After speaking, Weisenberg picked up a glass of red wine and took a sip. Looking at Vittorio Emanuele III who looked anxious, a smile appeared on his lips.

There is no free lunch in the world. If Austria wants to help restore the country, Vittorio Emanuele III will naturally have to pay a price.

Otherwise, why would the Vienna government support him if there were so many people qualified to restore the Kingdom of Sardinia?

Just because Vittorio Emanuele III is the most orthodox now?

Unfortunately, it is now the end of the 19th century, and orthodoxy has to give in to interests.

The Bonaparte dynasty is an example. European countries did not send troops to intervene in the restoration of Napoleon III in the name of orthodoxy.

Of course, when the gap in interests is not large, the Vienna government is still more willing to support the orthodox monarch. After all, the Habsburg dynasty is now flaunting orthodoxy and working hard to unify the German region.

"Your Excellency, the reputation of Vienna has spread all over the world. I have been fascinated by it for a long time and have long wanted to visit it.

But now the people of Sardinia are still suffering under the enslavement of the French. As their king, I have no I am very ashamed of my ability to rescue them, and I really have no shame to do anything else." For Vittorio Emanuele III, there is no pressure to put down his body and flatter him.

Unlike other kings, Vittorio Emanuele III grew up in a dependent environment, and his arrogance could not be cultivated at all.

Although he was unimpressed by the idea of ​​Vittorio Emanuele III, Weisenberg gave him a favorable look.

As a king, he is not only able to put down his body, but also has keen judgment. After realizing that nothing could be done, he decisively reduced the Italian region to the Kingdom of Sardinia, implying that he had no ambitions.

"Your Majesty, don't worry. God will punish the French invaders, and the Kingdom of Sardinia will eventually gain independence. Austria is different from France. We are a peace-loving country. We have no ambitions for the territory of Italy and will not expand in Italy.

Supporting the independence of the Kingdom of Sardinia is our consistent political position, but to drive away the French, we also need to pay a very heavy price.

You must have heard that we have formed an anti-French alliance with Belgium, the German Federation and other countries.

In order to protect everyone's interests, we have to adopt the principle of equal exchange. After driving away the French, all participating countries distributed the spoils according to their contributions.

With your country's current situation, it may be difficult to contribute to this war. Logically speaking, It is said that we are not qualified to share the spoils of war.

However, considering the traditional friendship between Austria and Sardinia, we will still support the independence of the Kingdom of Sardinia, but as a price, your country must share part of the military expenditure.

The specific figures are based on actual post-war conditions. The expenses are determined. Of course, if you can make a certain contribution on the battlefield, then a portion of the amortization can be reduced accordingly." After hearing "Ossa Friendship", Vittorio Emanuele III looked slightly unhappy. nature.

There is no way, if this word gets out, it will be another joke of this century.

Austria also played a major role in bringing the Kingdom of Sardinia to its present state, and it can even be said to have played a decisive role.

If Austria hadn't beaten them to the point of paralysis, the French wouldn't have occupied Sardinia so easily. Maybe it would be a different situation now.

It is a pity that history has no ifs. What is even more tragic is that the Ossanian War was initiated by the Kingdom of Sardinia. This has made the father of Vittorio Emanuele III still bear infamy.

The reality is so cruel. People only remember the winners, and the losers are the sinners, no matter how great their intentions are.

It is impossible to whitewash. The failure of the Ossanian War directly led to the inability of the Kingdom of Sardinia to resist the French invasion.

Vittorio Emanuele II became synonymous with fools and megalomaniacs, even though he was pushed to the battlefield by the Sardinian people.

After all, he had experienced the wind and frost. After a brief period of discomfort, Vittorio Emanuele III immediately recovered and carefully considered Weisenberg's words.

What made him hesitate was not that Austria's conditions were too harsh, but that they were too generous, so generous that Vittorio Emanuele III could not believe them.

Just sharing part of the military expenditure can be exchanged for the restoration of Sardinia. Where can you find such a cheap thing?

After hesitating for a moment, Vittorio Emanuele III tentatively asked: "How many troops did the French army invest on the southern front?" In addition to the tense battle situation and urgent need for allies, Vittorio Emanuele III Emanuele III could no longer think of a reason for Austria to offer such loose conditions.

Weisenberg shook his head: "It's okay! The French have focused their strategy on the Central European battlefield, and are mainly on the defensive in Italy.

Your Majesty, you should know that the terrain in Italy is not suitable for large armies to fight decisive battles.

The decisive battle in Italy is a replica of the Anglo-Russian war in Afghanistan. We can continue to fight as long as we are willing.

If it were not to liberate the Italian region and help other countries get rid of the enslavement of the French, we would not be entangled with them on the southern front." I know. Vittorio Emanuele III had doubts in his heart, but Weisenberg had no intention of explaining.

It's not that the Austrian government wants to give preferential treatment to the Kingdom of Sardinia, but it really doesn't know what it wants now.

territory?

There is no shortage of Austria at all. The best areas of Italy are in Austria's hands, and the rest are just bad places.

Continuing to expand has no value but added trouble.

Including Sicily, which now seems to be strategically important, it has no value to Austria after the war.

There is no way, the current Kingdom of Sardinia only exists in theory. Vittorio Emanuele III has nothing but an orthodox name.

Even if you want to extract oil, you have to wait until the Kingdom of Sardinia becomes independent. Without even a single word, Vittorio Emanuele III was asked to sign a bunch of unequal treaties. How will he be able to control the situation in the future?

Austria needs a stable Kingdom of Sardinia that constantly creates obstacles for the French; not a Kingdom of Sardinia that is full of chaos and needs constant rescue.

The pie was thrown at him, and whether it was poisoned or not, the already hungry Vittorio Emanuele III had to eat it.

...

On October 21, 1890, Vittorio Emanuele III signed the "Ossa Agreement" with Weissenberg.

The content of the treaty naturally talks about the friendship between Osa and Sarla. It turned out that all the unpleasantness was a deliberate conspiracy created by the French in order to annex the Kingdom of Sardinia.

Anyway, so much time has passed. Even if the older generation is still alive, there are even more hateful French people who want to hate them. It is nothing to hate Osa.

With the signing of the treaty, it marked the end of the decades-long grievances between Austria and Saudi Arabia since 1847, and the relations between the two countries entered a new height.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 902: Brainless strategy?

The Kingdom of Sardinia still exists in theory, and the international influence of the "Oscar Agreement" is naturally limited.

Except for some newspapers from several members of the Anti-French Alliance, the international media was very indifferent.

No, there is no need to talk about international public opinion at this time.

There are only so many European countries. Counting Montenegro and Greece, which were pulled over to make up the numbers, the Anti-French Alliance accounts for half of them.

Among the remaining neutral countries, there are still those who are inclined to the anti-French alliance. Compared with France, which is fighting alone, the anti-French alliance has already won the political propaganda without a fight.

Public opinion does not care about the Osa-Saharan Accords. The main reason is that it is too obviously a political show, which is exactly what intellectuals hate the most.

These people are the main people who subscribe to newspapers. Newspaper companies will not fight against customers. Since it is news that customers do not like, it should be filtered out.

Even if it was mentioned, it would be a passing mention. Now Central and Southern Europe are in the flames of war, and everyone has news reports.

Just because the media doesn't care doesn't mean the politicians don't care either. People with different identities have completely different perspectives on problems.

The Austria-Saharan Agreement seems to have no nutrition, but in fact it shows the outside world that Austria's political stance will not annex the Italian region.

Perhaps ordinary people will feel that it is too early to talk about these issues at this time as the European War is still going on. It would be a joke if the Anti-French Alliance lost the war.

However, politicians don't see it that way. The Vienna government has made it clear that it will not seek expansion in Italy, which is good news for many countries.

In particular, the neutral countries that are inclined to the anti-French alliance can put their worries back in their stomachs and confidently and boldly hinder the French.

...Although Paris was well prepared, Napoleon IV was still stunned by the bad international situation. The British, who originally had high hopes, did not play their due role.

After stabilizing Switzerland and Spain, the British government sat on the sidelines and waited for France and Austria to fight.

Even the media in London criticized France more than the anti-French alliance. The British government did not help channel public opinion at all.

Throwing away the "Ossa Agreement" in his hand, Napoleon IV roared: "How did Vittorio Emanuele III get to Vienna? What do the British want to do?" He couldn't help but be angry. There was no one in the French army. With nearly a quarter of the Italian soldiers, Vittorio Emanuele III was a time bomb in Austrian hands.

You must know that Britain and France also made an agreement in advance. The British government promised to detain the top leaders of the Italian independent organization and ensured that they would not be allowed to come out to cause trouble.

Napoleon IV also knew that the British were unreliable and their promises were nonsense. However, he believed that even if the British government repented, it would have to wait until the outcome of the European War was decided.

If France wins or has the upper hand, then for the sake of continental balance, it is normal to release Vittorio Emanuele III to cause chaos for them.

The problem is that the European War has just begun. Although the French army is suppressing Belgium and Germany in Central Europe, in terms of the overall war situation, Austrian reinforcements are still on the way, and France does not have the upper hand.

In a sense, France is still at a disadvantage. The front line has been unable to achieve a breakthrough. When Austrian reinforcements arrive, it will be the anti-French alliance that has the advantage in strength.

Anyone with some military knowledge knows that France's advantage lies in its army's combat effectiveness. If a breakthrough cannot be made in the early stage, the war will turn into a war of attrition, another replica of the Prussian-Russian War.

With population, industry, and economy all at a disadvantage, victory cannot be achieved in the early stage, and there will be no chance later.

Of course, there is still a chance for a comeback if there is another cheat like Napoleon.

At this time, the British released Vittorio Emanuele III to increase the strength of the anti-French alliance, which was completely killing France.

If the Italian soldiers in the French army were bewitched and became passive and sabotaged on the battlefield, how could the war be fought?

"Your Majesty, the British government explained that this was an accident. Vittorio Emanuele III left secretly, and they found out it was too late. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has confirmed that the British did restrict Vittorio O. Emanuele III left the country, but the responsible official committed malfeasance and allowed him to slip away." When saying this, Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec looked embarrassed. You must know that persuading the British to restrict Italian independent organizations from leaving the country is one of the achievements advertised by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

Unfortunately, the British teammates were not strong enough and fell behind at the critical moment. The Italian independent organization was indeed left behind, but the big fish of Vittorio Emanuele III slipped through the net.

Napoleon IV sneered and said sarcastically: "Accident?" "An accident would happen sooner rather than later, but at the critical moment, an accident happened. What kind of attention did the British pay? Do you need to say anything?" Maintenance The key to alliance relations is trust, but what is most lacking between Britain and France is trust. It's okay if you don't encounter any problems, but if you encounter problems, cracks will immediately appear in the alliance.

After listening to the emperor's words, Karel Kadlec's face became even more ugly. Use your eyes to ask your colleagues for help, and you will receive blessings from yourself.

Forced to have no choice, Karel Kadlec could only bite the bullet and explain: "Your Majesty, the British are indeed unreliable, and we have never had hope for them. In the final analysis, the current unfavorable situation lies with our army. There was no breakthrough on the battlefield. As long as the anti-French alliance is defeated, everything will be reversed." In order to avoid being unlucky, Karel Kadlec decisively chose to pass the blame.

Encountering an unreasonable disaster, Army Minister Luskinia immediately glared and said sarcastically: "Don't worry, Your Excellency, the French Army will not think that some guys can't do anything, and will only shirk responsibility and go around.

We have made a complete plan. If It's not that Vittorio Emanuele III suddenly appeared and has already begun to mobilize.

But this is just a small problem. We just use this opportunity to clean up the double-minded guys in the army." He said it right. It's easy. In fact, Luskinia had already begun to curse in her heart.

Due to political reasons, after the annexation of the Italian region, in order to show France's broadmindedness, it was inevitable to accept Italian soldiers into the army.

It was okay at the beginning. The proportion of Italian soldiers was very low and they couldn't make any big waves.

Things were different after the outbreak of the European Continental War. After seeing the anti-French alliance's military expansion, France could only bite the bullet and keep up.

There is no way. After entering the 19th century, the enthusiasm of the French people to have children has disappeared. Until now, there are only more than 37 million people.

Compared with the Anti-French Alliance, this number is less than one-third.

Austria announced an expansion of 5 million troops, and Belgium and Germany combined to expand their troops by 1.5 million. Adding in the previous troops of each country, the total strength will soon exceed 8 million.

The classic case of ants killing an elephant already occurred during the last anti-French war. In order to avoid repeating the mistakes of the past, the French government had to use the manpower in the Italian region to prevent the gap in military strength from becoming too large.

Since Napoleon IV approved the five million army expansion plan, a large number of Italian soldiers have appeared in the French army's combat sequence. At this time, no one can ignore the feelings of the Italians.

The appeal of Vittorio Emanuele III is actually a mystery. It has never been used and no one knows how big it is.

It's just that because of the pride of the military, Luskinia is not allowed to back down now.

...

On the southern front, in order to welcome the arrival of Vittorio Emanuele III, Admiral Morquez launched a winter offensive.

From a topographic point of view, Austria occupies the most essential area of ​​the Po River Plain, while other parts of Italy are covered with mountains and hills.

Economic development in peacetime naturally benefits a lot, but in wartime, the situation is reversed.

In the headquarters,

General Morquez was waving his baton and facing the sand table: "This is the terrain map of Italy. You have seen it many times and you should know it in your mind.

To launch an attack from the Lombardy area, we only have The three routes have their own advantages and disadvantages.

The first is to use the Doriparia River and the Po River to move westward to Turin;

the second is to attack Monferrato in the middle along the Tanaro River;

the third is to , and launched southward along the Secchia and Po river basins to capture Bologna and San Marino.

There is no doubt that capturing Turin has the greatest benefit. Once captured here, the Kingdom of Sardinia will be able to re-establish itself, which will have a negative impact on France's rule in Italy. A fatal blow.

However, the benefits are the greatest, and the risks are also the greatest. The French have deployed a large number of troops in the Turin area, and it will be difficult for us to make a breakthrough in a short period of time.

The central strategic thrust to seize Monferrato is similar to that of capturing Turin in the west.

After occupying Monferrato, the next step is to liberate Genoa, divide the Italian region into two, and attack the French rule in the Italian region.

However, with this strategy, we not only have to defeat the enemy on the front, but also expose both wings. Within the attack range of the French army, the greatest military risk needs to be borne. The biggest advantage of the final southern route strategy is that we can get help from the navy. The Adriatic Sea is our territory, so we don't have to worry about logistics issues.

The risk is the lowest. The return is also the lowest. Apart from winning a battle and decorating the appearance, it basically has no great military value. If you want to expand the results, you must cross the North Apennine Mountains. Or advance along the peninsula to find a breakthrough.

This requires It is based on the situation where the French make mistakes, otherwise we will grab some territory and let the outside world think that we have the upper hand." Regardless of General Morquez's southern route strategy being said to be useless, in fact everyone knows that, He advocated launching a southern offensive.

There is no other reason, just one word - stability.

Moreover, the southern route strategy is not completely worthless. Ordinary people don't care about strategy or not. In many eyes, whoever occupies more territory will have the advantage.

This time Austria sent troops under the banner of liberating Italy. The occupied land can be directly handed over to independent organizations, and there is no need to maintain local stability at all.

As long as they win a few more battles, the national uprisings in Italy will respond, and it is only a matter of time before a nationwide uprising breaks out.

Once there is chaos in Italy, the French army will have to disperse its forces to suppress it, and will not be able to do its best to fight the anti-French alliance.

As time goes by, the anti-French alliance's advantage will become greater and greater, and it will eventually overwhelm the French with its strength.

The idea of ​​stability is the mainstream of the Austrian army. There is no other reason. The main reason is that the French army is too prestigious and everyone is not sure of a quick victory.

Vittorio Emanuele III naturally understands what Morquez means, but the butt determines the head. No matter what strategy or not, what he needs now is to restore the country.

"Your Excellency, Commander, please forgive me for interrupting. Judging from the current international situation, we need a victory, a victory that can break the invincibility of the French army.

Only by winning on the battlefield can we be able to neutralize the Switzerland and Spain were brought in to strengthen the ranks of the anti-French alliance.

Of course, there is no problem in defeating the French alone with your country's strength. But in this case, your country will inevitably pay a heavy price.

The Prussian-Russian War has proved that war is very terrible once it continues. And the longer the delay, the greater the war losses that need to be borne.

If nothing else happens, after the anti-French war ends, your country will be the new European overlord.

The hegemon needs to use war to pave the way and rely solely on national strength to overwhelm the French. I am afraid many people, such as the British and Russians, will be unconvinced. This will add uncertainty to the future.

The best option is to step on the French to take over, put the Austrian Army on the altar, and dispel the unrealistic illusions in the minds of careerists.

..." Praise, flattery without a bottom line.

After listening to Vittorio Emanuele III's words, Admiral Morquez blushed a little.

Defeating the French emotionally is as easy as killing a chicken. When did Austria become so How come I don't know that I am powerful?

There is no way. If these words were said by ordinary people, Admiral Morkes could laugh it off, but now that it comes from the mouth of a king, he cannot help but be proud.

Praise It is confusing. Fortunately, Admiral Morquez is in a high position and is used to hearing flattery, so his consciousness does not drift away. No matter how nice Vittorio Emanuele III said, it is nothing more than encouraging Austria to send troops to Turin , to help him regain his country.

These days, the credibility of European countries is not very good. Even Austria, which has a good reputation, Vittorio Emanuele III can't believe it. Not to mention that France and Austria have already started a war, and there is no chance that the situation will change. The two countries reconciled in the first place. Similar operations have happened too many times in the history of the European continent.

To put it bluntly, the two countries declared war because of the conflict between Central and Europe. After the war broke out, they fought a few symbolic battles and did not fight. The real fire is coming.

If an accident occurs and France and Austria suddenly stop fighting, his restoration movement will be over.

After calming down, Admiral Morquez said slowly: "Your Majesty, please don't worry. Our troops are sufficient and we can launch a three-line attack at the same time. " A three-front attack" is such a stupid strategy. Vittorio Emanuele III doubted his ears very much, whether he heard wrongly.

"Your Majesty Commander, are you preparing a two-front feint attack?" " It is not impossible to launch three fronts at the same time. The problem is that the logistics dispatch cannot keep up. Unless the Austrian troops stay in place and achieve no results.

Otherwise, as the front advances, logistics chaos is inevitable. No matter how coordinated, it will not work. After all, there are only a few roads, and after the carrying capacity is exceeded, there will still be chaos.

Admiral Morquez smiled slightly, looked at a group of people in the Italian Independence Organization, and did not explain.

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 903 God of War

There is no joke in the army. Since General Morkes proposed a three-front attack plan, it is natural to implement it.

Following an order from the headquarters, half of Italy was caught in the flames of war at the same time. The Austrian troops stationed in the Lombardy region launched a multi-front attack.

The roaring sound of artillery fire could be clearly seen even in the city of Milan dozens of miles away, and the earthquake could even be faintly felt.

Looking in the direction of Turin, Vittorio Emanuele III sighed meaningfully: "Klosna, have you figured out the real purpose of the Austrians?" Vittorio Emanuele III Lai III is not a flower in the greenhouse. He has a clear understanding of his own value.

The King of Sardinia is very important to the Vienna government, but this importance is limited to political propaganda, and it is not enough to make Admiral Morquez, the commander of the southern front, put up such a big fight.

The middle-aged man in Kolosna shook his head: "Not yet, our intelligence network in the Lombardy region has been cut off by the Austrians long ago.

Even those who were lucky enough to escape have already made a clear break with us. The boundary line and the hidden line can no longer be contacted.

I tried to visit several nobles who had been leaning towards us, but they were kicked out directly.

Last night, I also received several threatening letters, warning us not to make small moves, otherwise they are not polite." It can be seen that Kolossner is in a very depressed mood now. The Kingdom of Sardinia can only rely on Austria for its restoration. Under this background, how can he have the courage to make small moves?

After experiencing cruel social beatings, the Italian independent organization was not as good as the Carbonari Party, and had already kicked Lombardy and Venetia out of the Italian region.

Even shouting slogans won't work. It's not politically correct and the sponsor's dad won't give money.

Not to mention now, the Vienna government proposed to restore the structure after the Congress of Vienna in 1815, but they could only happily accept it.

Doing things in Lombardy is definitely a sign that you are tired of living. For them, the Sardinians, Austria was their only option.

But for the Austrian government, they are just one of the options, and there are still a lot of spare tires behind.

Since ancient times, the German region has been rich in kings. If that doesn't work, the Austrian government can also choose a new king for the Sardinian people.

"Forget it, if you don't understand, just wait! The people who informed us should go out as little as possible, so as not to cause the displeasure of local snakes." After saying that, Vittorio Emanuele III sighed. He was very helpless when this happened.

Vittorio Emanuele III still knew the historical origins of the Ossanian War. With this thorn in their side, any behavior they do in Lombardy will be amplified.

Perhaps Franz, who was far away in Vienna, could laugh it off, but the Lombard royal family so close at hand would definitely make it difficult for them to walk around.

There is no way. The Wittelsbach dynasty is an outsider. It relies on the support of the Vienna government to secure its throne, and its local foundation is not deep.

Especially since two consecutive generations of kings suffered from mental illness, and the first king also came to the throne despite being infamous, the reputation of the royal family among the people can be imagined.

In this context, the Wittelsbach dynasty was inevitably a little too vigilant and extremely sensitive to any disturbance.

It is simply impossible for Vittorio Emanuele III to develop his team here. Even some normal activities will be restricted.

But there is no way, this is the front line now. As an aspiring king, Vittorio Emanuele III had to go to the front lines.

Otherwise, how could the people of Sardinia feel his greatness?

What if the Austrian army captures Turin one day and he, the king, does not arrive at the first time and is captured first?

These days, there are not just one or two people who are qualified to inherit the throne of Sardinia. There are also big nobles in Austria who are eyeing the crown.

Although Vittorio Emanuele III is considered the orthodox king of the Kingdom of Sardinia, he has not yet officially ascended the throne. Legally speaking, he is only the heir.

If someone with the right to inherit shamelessly ascends to the throne first, creating a fait accompli, it is unknown who the Vienna government will support.

Even if there are no such bad things, the most popular thing these days is "bandits are like combs, soldiers are like grates".

If Vittorio Emanuele III had not gone to the front line to watch in advance, when things happened, the Kingdom of Sardinia would have become a white field.

When the time comes, the Austrian army will leave with a pat on the back, and he will be responsible for cleaning up the mess left behind.

We cannot test the traditional friendship between Austria and Sardinia. We hope that the Austrian army will see the traditional friendship between the two countries and do nothing against the Kingdom of Sardinia, right?

Regardless of whether it works or not, Vittorio Emanuele III must stand up and stop it at the critical moment, otherwise why would the Sardinian people accept him as their king?

You know, Vittorio Emanuele II left him no legacy, only the reputation of a fool and an arrogant man.

Whether internationally or in the minds of many Sardinian people, Vittorio Emanuele II is the chief culprit of Sardinia's demise.

The Ossanian War was considered the biggest decision-making failure of the Sardinian government. It not only killed itself, but also affected other countries in Italy.

...

The actions of Vittorio Emanuele III and his party were not hidden from the eyes and ears of Admiral Morquez.

Now is the time of war, and the military is the largest on the front line. As the commander-in-chief of the Austrian Southern Front Corps, the intelligence department naturally had to provide information to General Morkes.

Putting down the document in his hand, Admiral Morquez looked out the window: "As long as the Sardinians don't do anything particularly egregious, let them be.

In the next battle, we still need their cooperation to make the relationship tense. It's not good for everyone.” Since ancient times, true love cannot be retained, only routines will last forever.

The Sardinians are still valuable, and Admiral Morquez does not mind giving Vittorio Emanuele III enough face.

This is no longer 1847, and Italian nationalism has long since lost its market in Lombardy.

In the minds of the younger generation, Italy is just a regional place name, belonging to the French. As for the Kingdom of Lombardy, it is naturally a part of the German region.

If you don't believe it, you can check historical data. The Lombards originated in Germany. According to cultural traditions, Lombardy definitely belongs to the German region and was part of the Holy Roman Empire hundreds of years ago.

It all started when France annexed the Italian region, and the ending was already doomed.

The greatest advantage of human beings is that they can reflect, and the greatest disadvantage is also that they can reflect. If you think too much, you will inevitably be deceived by what you see.

After the fall of the Italian region, people of insight in the Italian region began to reflect. Under the guidance of thoughtful people, they quickly found the reasons for the decline of the Italian states-the rigid system and too conservative ideology and culture.

Against this background, a movement of suspicion and criticism of traditional cultural traditions broke out in Italy.

After the ideological turmoil ended, the Italian ideological circle also split, with three main systems forming: the Austrian school, the British school, and the French school, each of which advocated the establishment of a powerful Italian kingdom following the example of the three countries.

Everyone is worried about the country and the people, but they are not very patient. If you don't know how to study, you might as well just learn it together.

This change in thinking and cognition had a huge impact on the Italians in Lombardy and Venetia.

Intellectuals who were originally inclined to establish the Kingdom of Italy completely despaired of traditional Italian culture. How could they abandon advanced ideas and go back to learn from backward ones?

Since the ideological revolution broke out in Italy in 1873, Italians in Lombardy no longer resisted Austrianization, and the pace of national integration suddenly accelerated.

Today, there are not many differences between Lombardy and Austria in terms of cultural customs. The biggest difference between the two places now is their food habits.

...

The sound of artillery fire continues, and the strength of the world's largest industrial country has been fully revealed at this time. The artillery shells seemed to be free of charge, and poured into the French position like a tide.

A cannonball hit the ground and exploded. Shrapnel flew up with dust and screams. The French army added three more wounded.

Colonel Novick, who was lucky enough to escape, patted the dust from his mouth very experiencedly, and immediately cursed: "Damn it! Where is our artillery, why don't we launch a counterattack?" This is not the first time this has happened. , in just three days, Colonel Novick's headquarters had been hit by artillery shells countless times.

In the headquarters alone, 3 people were killed and 7 wounded, including 3 officers.

You must know that this is the regiment headquarters, and simple anti-artillery fortifications have been built, which greatly weakened the lethality of artillery shells.

The deputy on the side replied helplessly: "Colonel, our artillery was also firing back, but it was suppressed by the enemy." Frankly speaking, there is not a big difference in the quality of artillery between France and Austria. The French army was under fire. The suppression was entirely due to the fact that the Austrian army was better prepared.

The French army assembled more than 1,300 artillery pieces on the southern front. The number of Austrian artillery pieces on the opposite side was almost three times that number, and a large part of them were rapid-fire artillery pieces. The firepower of both sides was suddenly spread apart.

As soon as the artillery battle began, the French were stunned. The firepower of both sides was not at the same level at all, and all battlefields were suppressed.

The shortage of artillery cannot be solved in a short time. Although France's industry is not weak, who would buy a lot of artillery and put it at home?

You must know that this war can also be said to have occurred suddenly. The war broke out far earlier than the French government's plan.

Being able to deploy more than 1,300 artillery pieces on the southern front in just a few months is enough to prove the power of France.

After all, Central Europe is the main battlefield. The French have to focus most of their attention on Central Europe, and artillery must also give priority to the Central European battlefield.

Colonel Novick shook his head: "Is this considered a counterattack? If you don't distinguish carefully, you won't hear the sound of our artillery at all. Send a message to the headquarters and request fire support.

Immediately!

If this continues, we won't wait for the enemy. If we attack, our troops will collapse first." No one can stand a battle where we just take a beating without fighting back. After days of bombing, the French soldiers on the front line have long lost their former pride.

In fact, Colonel Novick's regiment is pretty good. Most of the soldiers are from France, and they have a strong will to fight.

During the bombing, the number of personnel was reduced by more than 10%, and the troops did not collapse. They can be regarded as elite.

If it were left among the newly formed troops with a larger number of Italian soldiers, they would have mutinied by this time.

...

Colonel Novick's roar still failed to change the French army's embarrassment. As the commander-in-chief of the French army, Adrian was also troubled by this problem.

There is no way, who made France not prepared enough?

From the beginning of the war to the present, the number of French troops has almost increased tenfold. To be able to ensure that each man has a gun is because the Paris officials have worked hard enough.

After casually throwing away Colonel Novick's request for help telegram, Marshal Adrian stared at the map and began to seriously think about how to counterattack.

(End of chapter)


Chapter 904: Battle for the Canal

Although they had the upper hand on the battlefield, Admiral Morquez was not anxious at all.

Apart from launching symbolic attacks and constantly putting pressure on the French army, the Austrian army made almost no major moves and allowed the French to deploy their troops.

Seeing the loss of fighter planes day by day, but the Austrian army doing nothing, Vittorio Emanuele III "sees it in his eyes and is anxious in his heart." As a top student who graduated from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, Vittorio Emanuele III still has basic military qualities even though he has never led a soldier.

Unfortunately, as a king, apart from his apparent noble status, he actually has no right to speak.

After lobbying Admiral Morquez repeatedly to launch a full-scale offensive, Vittorio Emanuele III even protested to the Vienna government, demanding a change of commander.

There is no doubt that this request will naturally not be supported. The Austrian army seems to have the upper hand on the southern front, but it may not be possible if they really fight out.

The French are not as easy to bully as the Kingdom of Sardinia and can be crushed all the way. The complex terrain and poor transportation in Italy were all problems faced by the Austrian army.

As long as the front line advances a few hundred kilometers, the Austrian army's firepower advantage will no longer exist. It is not that the Austrian army lacks weapons and ammunition, but the key is that the transportation cannot keep up.

Without the firepower advantage, facing the French army occupying favorable terrain, it is bound to pay a heavy price.

This has been proven in the original time and space. After the outbreak of World War I, the Austro-Hungarian Empire easily defeated Italy with only a small number of troops. However, as the front moved forward, it soon lost to the terrain and logistics, and staged a tragedy of victory first and defeat later.

The conservative offensive line on the southern front was naturally created by Franz. In his opinion, keeping the French Italian Legion was more valuable than killing them.

Countless cases have proven that more troops are not better. More troops also means greater consumption. Although France's strength is strong, it still pales in comparison to maintaining an army of several million.

The French's increase in troops in Italy was exactly what Franz wanted to see most.

The Central European battlefield requires a large number of troops, the Egyptian battlefield requires a large number of troops, and a large number of troops are invested in the southern front. Africa needs... Where can the French government get so many troops? With their population of more than 30 million, it is simply impossible to form such a large army.

To solve the problem of insufficient troops, the French government either armed the colonial natives or conscripted a large number of Italians into the army.

No matter which situation occurs, the combat effectiveness of the French army will decrease, and the more troops are expanded, the greater the decline in combat effectiveness.

In contrast, the Anti-French Alliance has a much greater advantage in this regard. Although the expansion of the army will also reduce the combat effectiveness of the troops, the quality of the soldiers is high!

It can be said that with every military expansion, the balance of victory tilted one point toward the Anti-French Alliance.

France and Austria are not the only two big countries on the European continent. If the war situation suddenly becomes clear, various countries will soon intervene.

Countries would not just watch Austria break up France. Otherwise, France would have been broken into pieces as early as 1815, and there would be no need to wait until now.

A quick victory may seem like a good win, but it cannot really cripple France, leaving endless troubles behind.

Apart from winning a nominal victory, Austria gained little at all. Even unifying the German region may not be possible.

Unless absolutely necessary, no one wants to have an extra boss on their head.

Franz wanted a HRE Empire that everyone was clamoring to join, rather than an empire that was forcibly unified by force, riddled with internal contradictions, and could split again at any time.

As for driving away the French and liberating Italy, that was just a political slogan for the Italians, and it was never the purpose of the Vienna government from beginning to end.

Originally intended to attract French troops, Vittorio Emanuele III's efforts were naturally in vain.

...When you open the map of the Suez Canal , you will know that whoever controls this golden waterway will take the initiative in this war.

Since the outbreak of the war, Austria has sent troops from Austrian Sudan, Libya, Sinai Peninsula and other regions to besiege French Egypt.

The roaring sound of artillery fire continues, and the Suez Canal, which used to be filled with thousands of sails racing, has now fallen silent.

Without ship traffic, the port naturally became depressed. In addition, due to the war, a large number of people fled to avoid the war. At this moment, there are the largest number of French soldiers in Port of Suez.

Unlike others, John, who was quick-minded, did not run away, but instead expanded his tavern.

Soldiers are human beings too, and they also need to relax. Especially in war years, they need a channel to vent their anger. Alcohol is absolutely indispensable.

Not only did the tavern's business not decline due to the war, but it became more and more prosperous, which made John so happy that he couldn't close his mouth.

I sincerely hope that this war can continue. It is best to fight forever, just like the Hundred Years War...

The only drawback is that many French soldiers do not have alcohol. They lose themselves after a few glasses of wine, and fights often occur. .

Accidental injuries are inevitable. People may be able to avoid it, but the tableware, tables, chairs and benches in the tavern will suffer.

Just now, John dealt with a fight. He said he was dealing with it, but in essence, all he did was notify the officer to come and pick him up.

Unfortunately, the person involved this time was a poor man again. He searched every part of his body and still didn't have even a franc.

No money means no money. Apart from admitting that he is unlucky and being forced to agree to deferred compensation, there is actually nothing John can do.

This is the front line, and you never know when these unlucky guys will receive their lunch boxes. The dead do not need to pay their debts.

If it were just these losses, John wouldn't care. The wool comes from the sheep, and because of the war, prices in Suez Port have already skyrocketed.

What really worries John is the situation on the battlefield. He didn't even need to go out to inquire about the news. He could analyze three to five points just by listening to the conversations among the drinkers.

A certain unit suffered heavy casualties, a certain person survived the disaster, and a certain unlucky guy...

Regardless of whether it was necessary to keep it secret or not, it all came out after a few glasses of wine.

The speaker has no intention, but the listener has intention.

The battle for the Suez Canal is still going on, and John cannot judge the final outcome, but it is an indisputable fact that the French army suffered heavy casualties.

Port Suez is also the front line. Once the Austrian army uses this place as a breakthrough, the tavern business will not continue.

Although John loved money, he cherished his life even more. Guns and guns have no eyes on the battlefield. If you are not careful, you will see God.

The Paris government has issued a national mobilization order. In times of crisis, the Egyptian governor has the power to conscript all French people in the territory into the army.

As early as a week ago, the Egyptian governor issued a recruitment order. According to regulations, John should have reported into the military camp long ago.

But there are exceptions to everything, and privilege is everywhere. With the help of Franc, John successfully avoided military service on the grounds of being frail.

It's a pity that if you avoid the first year of junior high school, you may not be able to escape the fifteenth grade. With many years of life experience, John can be sure that once the situation on the battlefield deteriorates, the colonial government's recruitment efforts will further increase.

Maybe by then even the physical examination step will be omitted. As long as there are no missing arms or legs, everyone will go to the front line.

This is why wealthy people are leaving Port Suez. We are all people with status, how can we go to the battlefield and sacrifice our lives?

Although everyone had confidence in France, they had high hopes for the homeland, not the Egyptian colonial government.

Before John could make up his mind, the war spread to the port of Suez. The Suez Canal is still too narrow, and it is impossible to escape the range of cannons at a distance of only a few hundred meters.

As the rumbling sounds continued, the cannonballs falling from the sky began to plunder this emerging city, like a meteor shower.

Without any hesitation, John joined the fleeing army. Starting tonight, this city has officially become a military port.

...

"Fike, you idiot. I asked you to prepare a boat. It's just a few rags. If you put them in the water, they might sink on their own. What's the use?" A middle-aged officer roared at his men, looking at It turned out that he was really angry. They were originally prepared to launch a surprise attack on the Port of Suez, but when they arrived, they discovered that there was no ship at all.

Fick's young officer hurriedly explained: "Colonel, you can't blame me for this. The Suez Canal is too narrow, and the enemy's artillery can fully cover it.

Any gunner can hit it from a distance of only a few hundred meters. The big ship is simply hidden. We can only make do with some rafts.

But you can rest assured that the French ship on the opposite side has also been destroyed by us, so there is no need to worry about them launching a sneak attack." After hearing this explanation, the middle-aged officer's face became more and more ugly. got up. There were not enough ships, so one could only rely on a bunch of rafts to cross the river. One can imagine the difficulty.

Unlike other regions, the Sinai Peninsula is not a kind place. If the Vienna government had not implemented land fallow early, relocated the population, and curbed the expansion of desertification, it is estimated that even drinking water for the troops would not have been provided locally.

Except for the garrison of a few strongholds, the Sinai Peninsula is no man's land. There are no people, so it is simply impossible to find a local solution to the ship problem.

As for asking the mainland to send ships over, it is easy. The problem is that before the ships enter the canal, they will be destroyed by enemy fire.

It is not easy to hit a ship at a distance of two to three hundred meters. From this perspective, even with a boat, crossing the river would not be smooth.

(End of chapter)



Cannonballs fell from the sky one after another, falling into the water with roaring explosions and causing huge waves.

The raft, which had just been put into the river and had not had time to function, was smashed to pieces by the huge waves.

Seeing this scene happening in front of him, Colonel Boardman no longer had any hope for the next attack.

There is no way, the Suez Canal is too narrow. Standing by the river, you can clearly see the other side with the naked eye, and any means of crossing the river cannot be kept secret.

You must know that the Suez Canal has been regarded as a top strategic location by France and Austria since it was opened to navigation. In order to ensure the safety of the canal, the two countries deployed a large number of artillery along the coast.

Without any surprises, the French artillery was deployed in Egypt and the Austrian artillery was deployed in the Sinai Peninsula. Each country occupies one side to protect its right to speak.

Originally these artillery pieces and fortresses were designed to defend against the British, but unexpectedly they ended up hitting their former allies.

After the war broke out, both France and Austria invested heavily in fighting to gain full control of the Suez Canal.

However, the defenses on both sides were abnormal, and no one could complete the landing without destroying the canal.

"Give the headquarters power. The enemy has been prepared. The raft we prepared was bombarded by the enemy, and the plan to attack the Suez Port was ruined!

In view of the current situation, it is recommended that the headquarters approve the blowing up of the Suez Canal and fill in a channel." Bode Colonel Mann said helplessly.

This is not the first time he has proposed blowing up the canal. However, the Suez Canal is of great strategic significance, and the dredging technology these days is not good enough.

Once a canal is damaged, even locally, it can take a long time to repair.

In war years, time is life. Seizing a canal that cannot exert strategic significance will simply not create a strategic advantage over the enemy.

From the battle between the French and Austrian armies, it can also be seen that everyone is fighting artillery battles, and they are still trying to avoid the canal.

Of course, this has nothing to do with the shareholders behind the canal company. After all, the shares in the Suez Canal have long been divided among the powerful men of the two countries.

Don't look at the monk's face and look at the Buddha's face. Even though it's a time of war, you can't escape human relationships. Maybe the big boss in the command center is one of the shareholders of the canal company.

No one can make the determination to destroy the canal unless it is absolutely necessary.

Relatively speaking, the military is relatively simple. These complex issues are not what Colonel Boardman needs to consider. As a front-line commander, he only needs to consider military issues.

...

After receiving Colonel Boardman's telegram, the wrinkles on Admiral Feslav's forehead became more and more dense.

In order to facilitate colonial expansion, the colonial governors appointed by Austria from the beginning of the colony were military attaches, mainly responsible for colonial security and foreign wars.

As the Governor-General of the Middle East, General Feslav automatically became the commander of the Middle East Theater from the outbreak of the war, responsible for seizing the Suez Canal.

Behind the high position, there is also heavy pressure. Unlike previous enemies, this time the enemy is the French.

If you open a history book, you will know that in the history of European wars, the French are a big boss. They have been the most powerful country in Europe for most of the time, and the French Army is recognized as the best in the world.

Facing such an enemy, one cannot be too cautious.

In fact, Feslav is not the only one who thinks this way. When the war first broke out, the generals of the Anti-French Alliance were basically timid.

But all this is in the past. With the outbreak of the war, everyone's awe of the French army quickly faded.

Yes, the elite French army is indeed powerful, but there are too few such troops, and most of them are ordinary troops with poor combat effectiveness.

This is true on the European battlefield, let alone the Egyptian region. Except for those few elite local divisions, the remaining colonial troops were simply not enough to see.

Because of the blockage of the canal, although the Middle East theater did not achieve many results, the fraternal troops in East Africa, West Africa, and North Africa were making great progress.

There is no way, the border line between France and Austria is too long. Although most areas are blocked by deserts, there are also many areas without deserts.

The border line stretches for countless miles. Even if the French government wants to deploy heavy troops for defense, it does not have that many troops to fill it. The burden of defense naturally falls on the colonial government.

There is no doubt that on one side are the feudal nobles fighting for themselves, and on the other side are the indigenous troops working for the French. The combat effectiveness and fighting will of both sides are not on the same level.

Victory is always the most morale-boosting thing. Admiral Feslav, who was originally worried about whether the French would cross the river, now only thinks about how to fight across the river.

...

In the headquarters, Chief of Staff Von Frank said with a smile: "This is already the thirty-sixth telegram suggesting blowing up the Suez Canal. My Lord Commander, now is the time to make a decision." Admiral Feslav She glared at him angrily, rolled her eyes and said, "You think I don't want to, but the impact of blowing up the Suez Canal is too great. Just forget it if we can't use it ourselves. Anyway, the country has already prepared it, and we don't expect it to be used normally during the war.

The problem is that when the Suez Canal was opened to navigation, we issued a proclamation of eternal neutrality for the canal, clearly declaring that free navigation of the canal would be guaranteed at all times.

Now because of the war, the canal has been temporarily closed, and the country is under great diplomatic pressure. .

If there is news at this time that we have blown up the canal, the international public opinion that was originally favorable to us may be reversed in an instant." Whether you want to admit it or not, war serves politics. As the top commander, Admiral Feslav had to consider the political implications.

Regardless of the current closure of the Suez Canal, in fact, neither France nor Austria has made a public announcement. All they have is a letter of proposal from the Footbinding Canal Company.

Theoretically, the Suez Canal is still open to navigation, and neither France nor Austria can block it.

Of course, as long as you listen to the roaring gunfire on both sides, no one with a strong head would dare to pass through the canal at this time.

Dare not and can't are completely different concepts. Now France and Austria are jointly shouldering the international pressure, because the war was started by the French, and most of everyone's resentment is directed at the French.

It would be different if the Austrian army blew up the canal. It would not be the French but the Austrian government that would cut off people and money.

It seems that being scolded is just a small problem, but it is analyzed in depth. That means that the international credibility that the government has worked so hard to accumulate will be directly destroyed.

The loss of international credibility will inevitably affect Austria's re-establishment of international order after the war, and the interests involved will be huge.

Von Frank nodded, agreeing with this explanation, but the next words made Feislav angry to death.

"This is your problem. Who made you the commander? The staff is only responsible for formulating combat plans, and the political influence has nothing to do with us." Looking at the gloating chief of staff, General Feslav just wanted to punch him. But this can only be thought about.

Rules are rules, and Austria's staff system has prohibited them from getting involved in politics since its establishment.

If you really think about the problem from a political perspective, then you are not far away from getting out.

This is part of the check and balance of power. It is mainly based on the lessons learned from the German General Staff's seizure of power in World War I in the original time and space. It is a taboo that cannot be touched.

In fact, Admiral Feslav, the commander, is also restricted from being involved in politics, but his special status determines that he must consider issues politically.

Issues that cannot be decided will naturally be reported. All decisions that may affect the future strategy of the empire can only be made by the Vienna government.

...

In the evening, rows of rafts were quietly launched into the water, and Colonel Boardman came to the front line in person to do the final mobilization work for the sneak attack.

Looking at the energetic young men, Colonel Boardman felt that he was full of guilt.

Risking their lives knowing there is little hope is, in a sense, murder.

But war is so cruel. In order to win the final victory, no opportunity can be missed.

Colonel Boardman's self-blame did not last long, and was soon broken by a voice.

"Colonel, it's time to take action. The enemy's searchlight has just swept over, and we only have fifteen minutes." The advent of the electric age has naturally been used in the military, such as searchlights on the battlefield.

The width of the Suez Canal is limited, and lights can directly shine on the opposite side, making it a natural weapon to prevent enemy sneak attacks at night.

"Attack!" ...

(End of this chapter)

