
Chapter 936: Nanyang Chaos

Once Pandora's box is opened, it can never be closed again. The controversy that occurred at the French military headquarters in Aswan was just one of the episodes. Similar things are still happening in Egypt.

How to surrender in a reasonable and reasonable manner has become the focus of controversy. This is not because the French generals are cowardly, nor is it because they are unpatriotic.

Just because high-level officers know the importance of the Egyptian region does not mean that lower-level officers and soldiers can also understand the importance of Egypt to France. In the eyes of most soldiers, the Egyptian region is nothing more than a colony. If it is lost, it will be lost. It is no big deal.

Since it is destined to be impossible to hold on, it is better to simply give up. Anyway, France did not lose its colonies for a moment. There are many richer colonies than Egypt, so life is still the same.

The military morale is completely depleted and strategic supplies are insufficient. This kind of war will definitely be impossible to fight.

Under this background, shrewd senior military officers naturally have to consider the escape route and strive for a dignified ending as much as possible.

Since June, the Austrian army has slowed down its offensive and replaced it with a long-term siege, and the situation in Egypt has gradually eased.

The original military struggle gradually turned into a political one. At the negotiation table, the representatives exchanged words with each other, and the intensity was no less intense than on the battlefield.

Launching a political offensive was personally ordered by Franz. As a good and peace-loving emperor, of course he must reduce casualties as much as possible.

As the war continues, the Austrian army has also suffered hundreds of thousands of casualties. When the war is over, this number will increase further.

The French army in Egypt was already a turtle in a urn, and time was on the side of the Austrian army. With insufficient food and destroyed water sources, the besieged French army simply could not afford to hold off.

Rather than forcing the French to remain trapped and fighting, it is better to use political means to make them surrender and reduce their own losses.

As for consuming the French people's physical strength, it can also be done in a prisoner-of-war camp, even much easier than on the battlefield.

The effect of the political offensive is naturally significant. As time went by, realizing the futility of struggling, more and more French troops laid down their weapons and entered prison camps.

The dust is about to settle in Egypt, and things are looking up for the better on the European continent. The expulsion of the French certainly increased the burden on Austria, but it also made the people in the German region share the same hatred.

Stimulated by the power of hatred, Bede's army, which was originally only second-rate in combat effectiveness, also underwent an astonishing transformation. If the combat effectiveness is not enough, we have to use morale to make up for it. Now there are some shadows of elite troops.

This change was directly reflected on the Central European battlefield. The anti-French alliance, which was originally at a disadvantage due to the lack of support from its allies, is now gradually beginning to make a comeback.

You must know that Austria's hidden armored forces have not yet been put into use, and the total number of troops invested in the Central European battlefield is only a million, which is not an effort at all.

The gains on the battlefield were nothing; what really pleased Franz was the political gains.

Affected by this war, the idea of ​​Greater Germany was thoroughly rooted in the hearts of the people. Even in Hanover and Prussia, it has become the mainstream of society.

Under the threat of the French, interest groups that originally resisted Austria have now changed their stance and sent representatives to contact the Vienna government.

If it were not for the incorrect positions of both parties, Franz really wanted to give Napoleon IV a German Unification Medal in recognition of his contribution to the unification of the German region.

The unfinished cause of unification, which the Habsburg dynasty had worked hard for hundreds of years to achieve, finally saw the light of day with the selfless help of the French government.

So far, the Vienna has signed secret treaties with twenty-three states and has reached an agreement on the issue of rebuilding the Holy Roman Empire.

That's right, it means rebuilding the Holy Roman Empire. The word "new" in front of it will be removed to show the inheritance of the complete legal system of the Holy Roman Empire.

As for the current North Germany, it will become history and disappear from this world as soon as the war is over.

...

Just when everything was going in the right direction, Franz suddenly received news that was beyond belief.

"Are you sure you're not mistaken? The Japanese are going to invade Nanyang?" It wasn't that Franz was making a fuss, but the news was really abnormal. He would have understood it if the Japanese and the French had formed an alliance to invade Austrian Southeast Asia before news of the fall of French Egypt spread.

Things are different now. Since the Vienna government spread rumors of completely occupying Egypt, the American countries that were originally encouraged by Britain and France have all withdrawn.

Even Colombia, which has many conflicts with Austria, has stopped all anti-Austrian propaganda and has never mentioned revenge.

Everyone is a genius. Since the outbreak of the European War, the French seemed to be making great progress, but in fact they only achieved a series of tactical victories and a complete strategic defeat.

On the Central European battlefield, they were unable to break through the Rhine River defense line. On the Southern European battlefield, they were suppressed by Austria. Their defeat on the African battlefield was even worse. Now they have lost the crucial Egypt. No matter how you look at it, it feels like it is in decline.

Don't say that the British secretly supported them at this time. Even if they were killed in person, they might not be able to reverse the situation.

Under this background, who would dare to be so stubborn as to jump into the huge pit of France?

The Japanese are not stupid. Even if the French promise more benefits, there is no reason to get involved and seek abuse.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg: "Yesterday morning, the Japanese government announced that it would send troops to Nanyang on the grounds that the disputes in the Nanyang region continued and harmed its own interests.

Immediately afterwards, Britain and France issued announcements inviting the Japanese navy to enter Nanyang to help Order was restored to the local area.

The current chaos in Nanyang is just an episode of the anti-French war. After the war broke out, we and the French also had a bad relationship in the Nanyang region.

Affected by this, the social order in Nanyang was also broken. Pirates emerge one after another, and trade in the once prosperous Malacca Strait is now almost cut off. " There is no doubt that the chaos in the South Seas must be related to Austria. The rampant piracy is also inseparable from Austria.

Because of the war, the route from the Austrian mainland to the Austrian South Seas has basically been cut off. Even if it can be traveled, We have to go around in a big circle.

With the African continent here, and sufficient preparations in advance, Austria's demand for resources in the Southeast Asia region is not enough, and the demand for this route can be said to be minimal.

In my opinion, I can't use it, and I can't let it. The principles used by the enemy were naturally destroyed. At the beginning, they just blocked the Strait of Malacca with the Germans who occupied the Malay Peninsula and banned the passage of French merchant ships. Later, they found that the effect was not ideal, so they just changed the national flag. There is no precision these days. Satellite positioning makes it impossible to determine the owner of the ship and its destination.

The best way is to ban the transportation of all strategic materials. Unfortunately, there are too many countries involved and it is very easy to offend people. First of all, the British cannot agree.

In order to reduce the impact, Austria also had to resort to damaging measures. For a time, a group of thieves gathered in the Nanyang region, specifically targeting ships transporting strategic materials.

Since the outbreak of the European War, more than 100 ships have been involved in accidents in the Nanyang region, with a total tonnage of The number exceeded 200,000 tons.

Austria was causing trouble, and the French were not idle either. It was too shameful to commit the robbery in person, so both sides supported a group of white gloves and started playing pirate tactics. The interesting thing is that France and Austria The loss of ships between the two countries is not the greatest, but the British have the largest number of sunken ships.

Of course, this is only judged by the flags flying. No one knows the true country of ownership of the ships, and no one wants to know.

From the British there is no Jumping out, it can be proved that not many of the ships looted by pirates really belong to Britain. Now the Japanese navy is allowed to enter the South Central Sea to encircle and suppress pirates. It is a lie to help the French restore their shipping routes and attack Austria. It is even possible to directly invade Austria. It belongs to Nanyang.

Although everyone looks down on the little strength of the Japanese, in the Nanyang region, the Japanese have the ability to influence the outcome of this battle between France and Austria.

Prime Minister Karl: "The situation in the Nanyang region is complicated. We The local naval power is limited, and it is very difficult to defeat the French and Japanese forces.

Once the enemy launches a full-scale attack, we can only choose to avoid the edge temporarily. If you want to reverse this situation, you will have to attract new allies, such as Spain, Portugal, or the Netherlands.

This is almost impossible. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has tried many times. No matter how high our offer is, they don't have the guts to participate. " Excluding the sleeping Far Eastern Empire, there are only a few countries that have influence in the Southeast Asian region. The British could not win over the British, so the Vienna government could only choose generals from short people. Unfortunately, these short people did not Willing to get involved.

Foreign Secretary Weissenberg: “Maybe the situation is not as bad as we thought. If the Japanese want to enter Nanyang, they must first cross the Philippines, preferably together with Ryukyu.

Under the premise that the anti-French alliance has the upper hand, as long as the Japanese government is not stupid, it will not choose to tie up with the French at this time.

Compared to being our enemies, the two declining old-school empires are obviously easier to bully. As long as we show some goodwill, the Japanese will make the right choice. " ...

(End of this chapter)


Chapter 937: Sneak attack on Luzon.

At the Palace of Versailles, a group of quasi-allies retreated, but the Japanese government still insisted on fulfilling its agreement. Napoleon IV was so moved that he upgraded diplomatic relations with Japan for the first time.

Substantial rewards are also indispensable. The French government now needs to set an example and let everyone know that it is beneficial to cooperate with them, so as to attract more collaborators and reverse political passivity.

Because of the war, France is not rich now, but a dead camel is bigger than a horse. Even plucking a hair is a huge profit for the Japanese government.

Moreover, in addition to money, there is something called technology in this world. Even in this era of loose technological blockades, it is still difficult for Asian countries to introduce advanced technologies.

Not to mention the difficulties in communication, even if someone sells technology, you still need the ability to identify authenticity, and you also need a bulging wallet.

If you look at the history of industrial development during the Meiji Restoration, you will find that it is also a history of the Japanese government being tricked. Many imported technical equipment will face acclimatization in Japan.

Perhaps it was because they suffered so much in the early stage that the Japanese became self-reliant and caught up, thus closing the gap between the two sides.

It is rare to get on the line with the European powers, and the Japanese will naturally not give up this good opportunity. Ichiro Honda, the Japanese minister in Paris, who was still unaware of the domestic plan, was exchanging contracts with the French in high spirits.

The cover is clearly the "France Technical Assistance Treaty with Japan". The treaty contains thousands of various civilian and military technologies, including almost all the worst technologies in the world.

Theoretically, as long as the Japanese introduce and digest these technologies, they can advance to a third-rate industrial country, and the industrialization process can be shortened by at least ten years.

As for more advanced technologies, they, a country that has not yet completed industrialization, are not qualified to take a peek. Basic industries are not up to standard, and many advanced technologies cannot be used even if they are obtained.

Unfortunately, the reality is cruel. This treaty, which seems to be vital to Japan, will probably not be fulfilled.

The French are not philanthropists. The so-called technical assistance was established after the Japanese government declared war on Austria. The specific amount depends on the performance of the Japanese army on the battlefield.

...

The sea is blue, the sky is vast, and the red sun only shows half of its face, covered with sunset glow, like a colorful veil, and even the sea water is dyed golden.

The sky gradually darkened, and with the roar of ships, the originally silent dock became noisy again.

A group of ragged workers stood up one after another at this moment, looking into the distance, their eyes full of expectation.

The work on the dock is not easy to do. Not to mention hard work, it is also unstable. Even in the prosperous Luzon Island, there is no guarantee that there will be work every day.

When it's busy, there may be hundreds of merchant ships transiting here a day, and there's endless work to do. When I am free, I may not open for ten days and a half.

Because of the war, the trade lines in the Nanyang region also became depressed. The merchant ships of the Dandan Gang no longer dare to go to sea easily.

France and Austria started playing piracy tactics in Nanyang, and now it has developed to the point where they kill the wrong ones without letting them go.

If you encounter real pirates, the most likely outcome is robbery, but the chance of survival is still high; if you encounter such pseudo-pirates, you and the ship are usually killed.

With no evidence to prove, facing two big gangsters, no one had any choice but to let the pirates take the blame.

Nowadays, those who can trade in the Nanyang region do so with large fleets, and usually have to invite a neutral country's navy to send warships to escort them before they can pass safely.

Against this background, Luzon, which used to be prosperous in the past, has also become depressed. With fewer ships passing by, life is naturally difficult for workers on the docks.

Judging from the clothing, it can be roughly judged that the majority of these workers are mixed, followed by Chinese, Japanese, and a small number of whites.

This is also in line with the situation in Luzon. The Spanish have ruled here for hundreds of years, civilization is still only transmitted in cities, and most of the local indigenous people are in the tribal era.

Since they are tribes, there is no need to expect them to come out to find work. Anyway, wild plants and fruits are enough to fill everyone's stomach, so there is no need to work hard.

There are circles everywhere, and small piers are no exception. Also at the bottom of society, they are divided into three, six or nine levels, and you can tell by looking at their clothes.

This is Spanish territory, and white people naturally have the highest status. They also make a living on the docks, but most of them are in management positions, and only a few are doing hard labor.

The rest of the statuses are similar. When there is a lot of work, everyone can be friends, and when there is little work, they are competitors. In order to survive, various groups often have conflicts in private.

The prosperity of Luzon Island is based on the port. The Spaniards have not devoted much effort to develop the local economy, so there are naturally not many jobs.

Compared with entering the mines and plantations, although making a living on the dock is unstable, the income is higher.

Those who can stand here are all winners in the struggle. So they not only have to support themselves, but also the gang bosses behind them.

The distance is getting closer and closer, and the hull of the ship is faintly visible. A middle-aged man sighed: "Don't look at it, this is a job that the Japanese warships don't have for us." The most important thing in making a living on the dock is vision. We must make accurate judgments about what business needs to be grabbed and what business can be accepted.

For example, now, the Japanese warships are coming, and there is basically no business. Even if there is a supply stop, priority Japanese labor will be used.

The same applies to merchant ships. These days, Asians are a vulnerable group when they go to sea to make a living and must stick together to survive. Clan, fellow villagers, and gangs are all indispensable.

The young man who was eager to try returned to his original position and replied helplessly: "I know, Uncle Liu. We haven't received a few business orders this month, and we still have to pay interest to the gang.

I don't know when this kind of day will end. If this continues, we will have to drink from the northwest wind. " Everyone was sitting on the ground in twos and threes. Someone took out a big cigarette and started smoking it. He puffed on the smoke to numb his nerves and escape from the sorrow of reality. Seeing this scene, the middle-aged man frowned and said impatiently. : “Deng Mazi, put your big cigarette away. Why are you still smoking this thing? If you don't save some money, it depends on what you eat later. " After saying that, the middle-aged man kicked him over. These days, most of the dock workers are single. One person has enough to eat and the whole family is not hungry. The work is hard and tiring. Smoking is very common.

Although Spain is also a party to the international anti-smoking regulations. , but it was mostly due to the pressure of public opinion, or to give Austria a face, and it was not really implemented.

Now, only a few European countries have actually completed the anti-smoking campaign, and only a few countries have carried out anti-smoking campaigns in their colonies. Just one Austria.

The Vienna government's unlimited liability bill, no matter the time and place, drags drug criminals out for target practice when they are caught, which makes opium dealers around the world timid, and only then can the epidemic of opium be curbed.

Yes, it is just curbing. Drugs are rampant. The secret drug trade still exists, but the government has cracked down too hard. Drug trafficking in Austria has become the most dangerous profession in the world.

Originally, middle-aged men were also one of them, but after having a family, , to support his family, he forced himself to quit smoking.

Because of his perseverance to quit smoking and his mature and steady work, the middle-aged man was spotted by a fellow gang member and became the little boss on the dock.

In a sense, Said that the middle-aged man was also a beneficiary of the anti-smoking movement in Austria.

Since the establishment of Lan Fang Province, it has become the gathering center of Nanyang Chinese. After all, there are too few safe places these days. Every once in a while, the colonists will An anti-Central movement was launched to harvest wealth.

Externally, Lan Fang Province carried the banner of Austria and did not have to worry about threats from foreign enemies; internally, it implemented provincial autonomy, influenced by Austria, and also practiced the rule of law.

No matter what the law is, at least it is There are rules of the game, so there is no need to worry about safety.

With a safe investment environment, Chinese capital that lacks a sense of security will naturally swarm in, directly driving the economic development of Lan Fang Province.

Up to now, the Chinese capital in Nanyang region has The family basically moved their home base to Borneo.

Although it is an autonomous province, the Chinese have a natural respect for the imperial power. The emperor ordered a smoking ban, and the autonomous government did not have the courage to say no.

Coupled with the promotion of knowledgeable people, and the Austrian The navy's attack on tobacco-carrying ships limited the import of opium, and the anti-smoking campaign in Lan Fong Province was also completed well. Opium sellers were shot, and opium smokers were forcibly sent to drug rehabilitation centers. Regardless of their status, everyone quit smoking passively. Of course , gang leaders are also indispensable among them.

After all, Hongmen, the largest gang in Nanyang, is essentially controlled by a few big families. The upper echelons have quit smoking, and the gang members below have naturally been affected.

Moreover, the anti-smoking movement is not just about banning smoking. It was also accompanied by a lot of publicity. By now, everyone has become accustomed to despising smoking, just as people in later generations despised drug abuse.

Damn it, it's hard to persuade him with words. Seeing that his words fell on deaf ears, the middle-aged man frowned. He turned around and said,

"Don't be out of sight. Don't imitate him. If he keeps going like this, he will die on the street sooner or later." As for the issue of interest, I will communicate with the gang. We are all from the same hometown, and the gang will not let you starve to death. " These days, Hongmen is not only a simple gang organization, but also a gathering place for township parties. Most Hongmen in various places have no mandatory binding force on each other, but only carry a common brand.

This gives him different identities. At the same time as collecting protection fees, they also undertake social assistance responsibilities, such as helping compatriots who have just arrived in Southeast Asia to settle down, find jobs, etc. ...

Warships are different from merchant ships. If you want to dock, you must negotiate in advance. There is no doubt that this Japanese fleet is an uninvited guest.

Communication is useless. Although the Banya Empire has declined, it does not pay attention to the Japanese. It is impossible to agree to lend a port to them for transit.

Even if Britain and France come forward, it will not work. The situation on the European battlefield is becoming more and more obvious. It is enough to save face by not adding insult to injury to the French. How can it be possible to stand on the side of France?

Seeing that the negotiations have been fruitless, Fleet Commander Ito Yuhiro coldly ordered: "Get ready. We gave a gift to the Spaniards and told them that we were just docking to buy some supplies and would not delay for long. We would leave before dark and would not cause him any trouble.

Notify the army to be prepared and take immediate action once it reaches the shore to catch the enemy by surprise. " It's impossible to leave before dark. Yuhiro Ito specially chose this time. As long as he docked, he would have to drag until dark. The Spanish have been operating in Luzon for a long time. Although the shore artillery on the island is old, its power cannot be underestimated. If it were to attack by force, the Japanese army would definitely pay a heavy price.

As for the Spanish Philippine Fleet, a group of obsolete sailing warships, and two obsolete ironclads, Yuhiro Ito Don't look down on it yet.

Japan's financial resources are limited, and this war must be fought quickly. The core of the Philippines is in Luzon. As long as we win here, the rest will be easy to deal with.

Money can make ghosts Pushing the wheels, let alone a short stop for supplies?

The Japanese government went south this time in the name of encircling and suppressing pirates, and apparently headed towards Austria. The Spaniards were not aware of the danger at all, and even subconsciously, they had never They did not think that the Japanese could pose a threat to them.

Although the Japanese fleet in front of them was a bit too large, they still took it for granted that the Japanese did not dare to challenge Spain. It can only be said that the days of peace have been too long and they have lost their Awareness of crisis.

On the island, Japanese ronin in twos and threes began to gather in the pub. This was not the first time. Drinking a drink at night seemed to be a Japanese habit.

If anyone pays attention, they will find that these people are different from usual ones. They all look like they have been injected with blood, and their eyes are full of murderous intent.

...

"Some of us have been here for more than ten years, and some of us just arrived last month. We all have only one purpose here, which is to help the empire seize Nanyang and drive away the white invaders.

Today's opportunity The wait is finally here. Our fleet is outside, and we will launch a general attack at night. Our mission is to capture the Governor's Palace and the Municipal Building before the battle starts, and disrupt the enemy's command system. Time is running out, start now Distribute weapons..." (End of chapter)


Chapter 938: Money Ability

After receiving the news of the Japanese army's sneak attack on the Philippines, Franz almost couldn't hold back his laughter. Just as I dozed off, someone handed me a pillow.

There is no doubt that the Japanese helped Austria a lot this time. Having pulled the Spaniards off the battlefield for no reason, now it was the French who felt uncomfortable.

No matter how the Banya Empire declines, it is still one of the great powers. It is definitely not the kind of master who only takes beatings without fighting back.

Even if the French say that Japan's sneak attack on the Philippines has nothing to do with them, the Spanish must believe it. You must know that the Japanese army can pass through the Philippine Sea because Britain and France gave guarantees to the Spanish government.

Without the dignity of Britain and France, the Spanish would not allow the Japanese to stop for supplies, even through the Philippine Sea.

There is no such thing as high seas these days. The great powers are more domineering than the other. The so-called territorial waters are determined by themselves.

Indigenous countries like Japan have no say.

If the carriages and horses were really revealed, it would not be easy for the Japanese to invade the Philippines. The landing alone cannot be completed in a day or two, and there is a lack of supply points along the way, so all supplies must be transported from the mainland.

With Japan's current national strength, if it goes on a labor expedition, if it cannot win a quick victory, it will drag itself to death in a few months.

In order to maintain his majestic image in the minds of his subordinates, Franz quickly calmed down and found an excuse to hide his emotions.

"The Japanese entered Nanyang at the invitation of Britain and France, and now they have attacked the Philippines. The Spaniards should be very angry now.

We will find a way to push from behind the scenes and direct the Spanish anger towards the French as much as possible. Let's try and see if we can There is an unexpected gain." It is basically impossible to have an unexpected gain. No matter how angry the Spaniards are, the most they can do is vent their anger on the Japanese. As for the British and French, they can't move at all.

No matter how much Austria promises, it is useless. Politicians are all good people. Everyone loves the icing on the cake and no one does the icing on the cake.

Although joining the Anti-French Alliance now is not a timely help, it also comes with very high risks.

France is not a soft persimmon. Although they failed strategically, they still did not lag behind on the European battlefield.

Before the winner is decided on the Central European battlefield, no one can be sure that the French will really be unable to make a comeback. If the French suddenly break out, Austria is strong enough to be able to withstand it, but that doesn' t mean Spain can stand it as well.

This is a lesson learned from the past. Spain won the last anti-French war in which it participated, but as a victorious country, Spain lost half its life and lost large tracts of colonies in the Americas.

Despite paying such a high price, when it came time to divide the spoils in the end, the weak Spain could only make soy sauce.

The master of remembering the past and the aftermath will find it difficult for the Spanish government to have the courage to declare war on France unless it is certain that the French are in trouble.

Foreign Secretary Weisenberg analyzed: "Your Majesty, the French will not admit that Japan's sneak attack on the Philippines has anything to do with them. If nothing goes wrong, they will soon cut off from the Japanese.

In addition, they also endorsed No matter how angry the British and Spanish governments are, they can only hold it in their hearts.

However, it is beneficial to guide them in this way. After suffering such a big loss, the Spanish will definitely retaliate.

As long as they stir up the anti-French wave in their country, I think the Spanish government still has the guts to impose an embargo on French supplies." It's not a question of admitting it or not, normal people know that it is impossible for the French to instruct the Japanese to attack the Philippines at this time. If the Spanish are forced to side with the anti-French alliance, France will be attacked from both sides.

Whether it is to appease the anger of the Spanish or to give an explanation to the European world, the French must cut off from the Japanese.

ally?

This is clearly a pig teammate. France is recruiting allies to get rid of its political isolation, not to enmity with European countries.

The previous expulsion operations have already made many European countries feel uneasy. If there is another wave of seizures of Spanish colonies, they will no longer have to hang out on the European continent.

If he could have robbed it, Franz would have done it more than ten years ago, and the French would never have had their turn. It was not because he was afraid of public outrage that he gave up this tempting plan and worked hard to open up a colony on his own.

Prime Minister Karl added: "It's not completely impossible. As long as the Spanish believe that we will definitely win this war, and add inducements, they may still take the bait.

However, this does not have much practical significance. The Spanish are sure that we can To win the war, we can only win the battle in Central Europe or Southern Europe.

Even if we win, it will be awkward to ask them to declare war on France. The deliberate element is too heavy, and it is easy to arouse suspicion.

If If people see through our true purpose, I'm afraid it will cause another commotion.

The British will not see us as a single family, and the Russians also do not want us to become the only European hegemon, and other European countries do not want to see this happening. There is one more master. He is suddenly on the opposite side of all countries. If he wants to weaken France, it will be completely hopeless." This is also the reason why Franz has not dared to order a full-scale attack. Defeating the French is just a war of smoke. After the end of the war, there will be an even more brutal diplomatic war.

The premature end of the Anglo-Russian War disrupted the Vienna government's previous strategic layout, and the plan to completely dismember France went bankrupt.

How to divide European countries and allow Austria to occupy a dominant position in post-war negotiations has become the most important problem at the moment.

After much hesitation, Franz made a decision: "mobilize our forces, lobby the tsarist government bureaucrats, and find ways to lure the Russians into the water.

There is no need for them to directly send troops. As long as the Tsarist government is willing to declare war on France, they will have a share of the post-war profits.

The speed must be fast. We must get there before the British take action and create an established fact. If it's too late, most of our strategic goals will be wasted. " It's not that Franz thinks too much. With the current international situation, the British are very likely to create a joint mediation team to intervene in this war before the end of the European War.

There is no doubt that all European countries have the intention to intervene in this war. Motive. For the sake of their own interests, no one wants to see the emergence of a European hegemon.

Once the two major powers Britain and Russia take the lead, this alliance can be established in minutes. Anyway, the law does not blame the public, and if Austria wants to settle accounts in the future, it must also consider the public outrage. Hard to commit.

A hard-top is impossible. Regardless of the strength of the anti-French alliance led by Austria, if it encounters international intervention, the alliance will immediately fall apart.

Expect those idiots to advance and retreat together with Austria. Franz has not yet Crazy. Without the anti-French alliance, if you fight against the European world on your own, your chances of winning are only 50-50 at best. What is the difference between that and dying?

Especially this 50-50 chance is still based on the premise of cripple France first. As soon as the French had a breath, the intervention alliance appeared, and the situation would be even worse. If military methods could not solve the problem, then political methods could only be used. Whether it was bribery or deception, as long as the Russians were brought on board, the situation would be It's completely different.

Although British politicians are very thick-skinned, no matter how shameless they are, they cannot turn the warring countries into mediators.

Even if the Russians react later, they can only secretly hold back the tsarist government. No matter how hard it is, it is impossible to send troops to defend France.

It will be much easier to win over Russia and then deceive Spain. One look at the lineup shows that the French will definitely lose in the European War.

There is no reason to refuse a zero-risk, high-yield project. Anyway, there are a lot of bad things going on between France and Spain, so there is no pressure to add insult to injury.

Franz has already thought about it. After deceiving Russia and Spain, he will directly force Switzerland to join the war.

Choose one, or join the anti-French alliance. Embrace victory or be buried with the French.

Then, there will be no more. Most of the countries in Europe are at war with the French. No matter how hard the British try, they can't make everyone give up the benefits they have obtained. The worst is that Austria will get less of the spoils . , let's give the profits to the allies. French Africa has almost eaten anyway, and Franz doesn't care about the compensation.

Foreign Minister Weisenberg frowned and replied: "Your Majesty, you want to encourage the Russians to fight against the French Declaring war is not that easy.

The situation is now becoming clearer, and the tsarist government does not want to weaken France too much. The more we win over, the less likely the Russians will go to war.

In this context, we can only push hands in secret. It is not advisable to use too much power, including the pro-Austrian faction.

Only by making the tsarist government realize that it would be beneficial to declare war on France would they be able to take the bait. It is very difficult to do this. " This is indeed the case on the surface, but Franz remains unmoved. Although his butterfly effect has affected Russian politics, the essence of the tsarist government has not changed.

"Greed" is the biggest characteristic of the tsarist government. Coupled with With their corrupt bureaucracy, this point becomes even greater.

"Spend money! He bribed Russian bureaucrats and nobles at all costs and sold them the benefits of declaring war on France.

Isn't the Tsarist government poor? As long as they declare war on France, they don't have to repay the debt they owed the French. After the war, there will be a large amount of war reparations.

There is no need to send troops, no need to spend money, just a nominal declaration of war, and you can get so many benefits. I don't believe that the Russians will not be tempted. " In the Russian Empire, there is nothing that cannot be solved by spending money; if there is, it must be that the money is not enough.

Corrupt bureaucrats may exist, but in the Russian Empire, such people cannot survive. The world is muddy, Innocence is original sin.

No matter how shrewd Alexander III is, as long as his ministers all agree that declaring war with the French is good for Russia, it will be difficult for him not to be affected.

… (End of this chapter)


Chapter 939: Act in Advance

In Paris, since the news of the Japanese army's sneak attack on the Philippines came, Napoleon IV had not slept well for several days.

In any case, the Japanese army went south at the invitation of Britain and France. In order to allow the Spaniards to release, the British and French governments also repeatedly made guarantees to the Spaniards. Now that something like this has happened, they are naturally to blame.

In this age of the jungle, promises are little more than farts. In normal times, Napoleon IV would not have cared about breaking his promise to Spain, since there was nothing they could do anyway.

But it's different now. Unlike Britain, which stayed out of the war, France is now stuck in the quagmire of the European War and unable to get out. Even Spain, which was originally in decline, can now pose a fatal threat to them.

How to appease the furious Spain and resolve this diplomatic dispute has become the most urgent problem that the French government needs to face at the moment.

Holding back his discomfort, Napoleon IV asked: "Tell me, what do the Spaniards want?" The interests between countries are eternal. No matter what happened in the past, as long as the interests are in place, everything can be discussed.

As neighbors, the contradiction between France and Spain is naturally not small, but France is too powerful and the Spaniards have no confidence to confront it.

The European Continental War changed the balance of power between the two sides. The French devoted all their strength to the war and lost the ability to continue to suppress Spain.

For various reasons, the Japanese army's sneak attack on the Philippines happened to intensify the contradiction between France and Spain. Coupled with Austria's behind-the-scenes fueling, Spanish nationalists have exploded.

Due to domestic pressure, the Spanish government not only declared war on the Japanese immediately, but also sent harshly worded diplomatic notes to Britain and France.

Foreign Minister Karel Kadlec shook his head: "I don't know. It happened too suddenly, and the Spanish government has not yet made a decision. The Japanese monkeys did too much, and the nationalists in Spain were stimulated. Domestic calls for war are rising.

According to intelligence from the embassy in Madrid, the Austrians have already connected with the Spanish nationalists. Public opinion is pointing at us, and the situation is very unfavorable to us. " What do the Spanish want? Does Rael Kadlec really not know?

the answer is negative!

The problem is that France cannot give what the Spaniards want now, is unwilling to give it, and cannot give it.

When you open the diplomatic note, you will know that the Spaniards have already made conditions. Needless to say, it is necessary to ask France to fulfill its agreement, expel the Japanese and compensate for the losses.

The Spanish government also made territorial demands to France, not only asking France to give up French Morocco, but also asking for the redrawing of the border between the two countries.

Karel Kadlec naturally rejected this kind of request to take advantage of the situation, and there was no room for negotiation at all.

Except that the expulsion of the Japanese was acceptable under the first condition, if the French government dared to agree to the remaining conditions, a revolution would have to break out in the country.

The only condition that can be agreed to is that France cannot do it. The French Far East Fleet is confronting the Austrian Navy and has no ability to expel the Japanese.

The French government does not even dare to use diplomatic threats. If the Japanese are cornered and join forces with the Austrian Navy, the French Indochina Peninsula will be doomed.

This is not a joke, it could actually happen. If the Japanese want to actively cooperate with the Austrian Navy to kill the French Far East Fleet, the Vienna government will have no reason to refuse.

As a qualified politician, Karel Kadlec naturally had to pretend to be confused when he could do nothing.

After being silent for a long time, Napoleon IV said feebly: "Tell the British that I agree to their conditions." For Napoleon IV, who was aspiring to surpass his father's generation, making this decision was undoubtedly a surrender to reality.

But there was no way. The development of the European War was unexpected. France had no way to win the war with its own strength alone.

Without compromise with the British, it was impossible to obtain the full support of the London government. Without British support, France had no hope of victory.

Compromising with the British meant that France gave up its European hegemony and even its dominance in building the international order after the war.

In this context, even if France won the war, it would not be able to achieve its original strategic purpose. The war could be said to be in vain.

It is better to fight in vain than to lose. Deep down in his heart, Napoleon IV had made up his mind to just wait for the end of the war to farm with peace of mind, and wait until his strength was restored before making peace...

Downing Street, in the government building.

Gladstone's cabinet is gathering to discuss the international impact of Japan's sneak attack on the Philippines and countermeasures.

Lord Astley, the Lord Admiralty, said righteously: "The Japanese are so courageous that they dare to play tricks on us. If we don't show them how powerful we are, cats and dogs will ride on us in the future." There was no need to talk about being angry. The life and death of the Spaniards had never been in Sir Astley's consideration. In his opinion, the Japanese army's sneak attack on the Philippines was an opportunity for the Royal Navy to perform.

In the past decade or so, the navies of France and Austria have been catching up, and the Royal Navy, which is the hegemon in the world's naval community, is also under great pressure.

A large amount of financial resources were invested in the bottomless pit of the Navy, and no war actually broke out. Many members of Congress have objections to this.

There are even rumors that the navies of Britain, France and Austria colluded with each other to deliberately create maritime conflicts in order to defraud the government of funds.

To break this doubt is very simple, just find an enemy and fight. Britain spans all over the world, and its enemies have long been frightened by the news. The only ones who dare to confront them are France and Austria.

Needless to say, you can't fight these two. The gap in strength between everyone is not huge. If a war breaks out, it will easily end in a lose-lose outcome.

The Royal Navy is sober. It is important to prove its importance, but there is no need to risk the national destiny.

In comparison, the Japanese who are emerging now are much easier to bully. It's not that Astley is arrogant, but the Royal Navy has a great cause. As long as the Far East Fleet makes a move, the Japanese Navy can only go home in despair.

Foreign Secretary George reminded: "Sir, the problem now is no longer the Japanese problem. Their sneak attack on the Philippine Islands, on the surface, is just a war between Japan and Spain, but in fact it also involves the European War. The European War has reached a stalemate, and Spain Human power is enough to break this fragile balance. Now both France and Austria are wooing them, and it seems that the Austrian bid is higher at present.

It is still Franz's usual method of generosity to others, this time it is the French It is said that the Austrians directly sent a map of France. As long as the Spanish are willing to join the anti-French alliance, the French territory will be left to their own choosing.

Judging from the current situation, if we do not take action, Spain will The possibility of joining the anti-French alliance is very high.

As for the Japanese, they are just a flea. It is easy to shoot them to death, but of no practical value. Now, whether they are there or not, it will not affect the Spanish decision.

In case Spain chooses to fight with Austria Let's stand together, we still need this flea to cause trouble to the Anti-French Alliance, so let's keep them for now." Being generous to others also has a technical content. Austria can do this because France and Spain are bordering each other. Due to historical reasons, the two countries not only have many conflicts, but also have territorial disputes.

Regardless of whether the Spanish government will be tempted by such conditions, the nationalists in Spain have already taken the bait.

The French government will never be able to provide the same conditions. Even if they were to follow suit and send him a map of Austria, Spain would not want it.

There is no other reason but strength. No matter how generous the benefits are, what's the use if you can't eat them? With Spain's national strength, it simply does not have the ability to operate an enclave.

Prime Minister Gladstone nodded: "The French have surrendered. It seems that their actual situation is worse than we expected.

We can't wait any longer, we must take action as soon as possible. In case the French are in southern Europe or It was the defeat in the Central European War, and they did not have Austria's capital to make a comeback.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs immediately acted according to our plan and invited European countries to form a mediation team to end this meaningless war.

Before that, we must stabilize the Spanish . If they are willing to join the mediation team, we will help them drive away the Japanese." The seemingly casual dialogue was full of swords and swords behind it.

Britain's army strength is limited, and to intervene in this continental war, it must rely on the power of other countries. However, no one is a fool, and every country has its own interests.

If diplomatic deterrence can solve the problem, that's it. If the problem is not resolved at the negotiation table, it will be solved by force. There is not enough benefit. Just for the sake of an illusory European continental balance, it is really too much to require everyone to mobilize their troops to intervene. It's embarrassing.

Unless Austria shows strong aggression and makes governments feel threatened, simply coordinating international relations cannot be completed in a day or two.

Foreign Secretary George shrugged and replied helplessly: "To achieve this, not only can we accomplish it, but we also need the cooperation of the French. You must know that our ally has enemies all over Europe, and we want to see them suffer misfortune. Quite a few. If they don't take practical actions to reassure European governments, it may be difficult to gain support from other countries.

Especially the Spaniards and Russians, they both have the ability to influence this war. No matter which one joins the anti-French alliance, Our mediation plans are meaningless." In this era of law of the jungle, the key to solving problems lies in strength. Not only military strength, but also comprehensive political and diplomatic strength.

Although Spain has declined, the tiger's skin has not been pierced. In the eyes of European countries, they are still a great power.

On the surface, they are the fifth European power after the four major powers of Britain, France, Austria and Russia, and they are also the fifth most powerful country in the world.

The strength of the anti-French alliance was already very strong, and any other great power would be in an invincible position.

Most countries in Europe are just outsiders. Without sufficient assurance, they will not easily take sides.

Without enough followers, it would be impossible to build momentum and its deterrence would naturally be greatly reduced. In this context, only the big powers themselves take action.

The Anglo-Russian War had just ended, and the hatred between the two countries was at its peak. No matter how confident you are, you will not think that Britain and Russia can cooperate sincerely.

Even if the interests are completely consistent, the top leaders of the two governments are willing to cooperate, and the people below will act spontaneously, and there will be no ambiguity when holding back.

It can be said that once France is defeated, the situation will become one-sided. In a sense, the Japanese actions helped the British government make its decision.

In order to prevent the situation from getting out of control, the British had to give up their plans to pick peaches after the war. Taking advantage of the fact that there was no winner in the European War, an intervention alliance was formed in advance.

...

(End of chapter)


Chapter 940: Wealth Can Become the God

As the British began to take action, the original secret war between France and Austria had been taken over by the British. It's not that I look down on the French, it's mainly that the French government's diplomacy is really not that good.

Of course, this is also directly related to the high hatred value of the Bonaparte dynasty in Europe. During the Napoleon III period, relations with everyone did ease for a time. Unfortunately, with France's annexation of the Italian region, this relaxed international environment was gone forever.

In a sense, Napoleon III was also cheating on his son. The annexation of the Italian region made itself successful, but left a huge hole that could not be filled.

No way, it's not the Middle Ages anymore. European nationalism has risen, it can be eaten but cannot be digested, and it is full of hatred.

Especially for many small countries, in order to ensure their own security, they had to unite to exclude the French in order to frighten other European powers and prevent everyone from following suit.

This is the main reason why the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs cannot achieve results. It's not that the wallflowers are determined, it's actually that they have decided politically that they cannot stand with France.

Small countries cannot win over them, let alone big countries. There is only one overlord, everyone is a competitor, and even alliances are only temporary.

Especially in the context of Russia and Austria having been united for a long time, there is only one Britain left for the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs to play.

Surrounded by enemies, and with a cheating teammate, it was only natural for France to surpass the Russians and become the number one "villain" on the European continent.

Professional matters should be left to professionals. Although he was reluctant to admit it, Napoleon IV still knew very well that diplomacy and Britain and Austria were the king. As silver-level players, there was really no need for them to hold them back.

...

The Anglo-Austrian diplomatic game has begun, and the European continent is undergoing changes again. The Japanese government, which is busy attacking the Philippines, does not know that it has just passed through the gate of hell.

If Spain had not expressed its position, the British felt that they still had value. Now the Royal Navy would tell them what social dangers are.

Colonization is not just about strength. Countries such as Spain, the Netherlands, and Portugal can maintain their overseas colonies, so they naturally have their own ways of survival.

If we look at it purely in terms of strength, all the colonies in the world have been carved up by Britain, France and Austria. How can it be the turn of small countries like the Netherlands and Portugal to join in.

The big gangsters did not take action, not because there is no oil and water in these lands. In fact, the Philippines, Cuba, Indonesia and other regions these days are all rich places, and the reason why they are not being robbed is because of politics.

As a member of a vested interest group, gangsters also have to abide by the rules of the game. If you act recklessly, you will inevitably be counterattacked by the rules.

Therefore, challengers are generally emerging powers. Those who are barefoot are not afraid of those who wear shoes. They are not within the system to begin with, so they are naturally not afraid of the backlash of the rules.

Of course, there are risks for challengers. If you don't choose the right time, you might be shot to death as soon as you take the lead.

General Ito Yuhiro couldn't care less about the risks involved. At the moment, he was still immersed in the joy of successfully attacking Luzon Island.

Relying on a surprise attack + internal and external cooperation, the Japanese army not only successfully completed the landing, but also captured three Spanish warships staying in the port.

Although these sailing battleships have lagged behind the times and have withdrawn from the mainstream of the navy, and two of them were injured in the battle last night, Ito Yuhiro did not dislike them at all.

Although the three gangsters of Britain, France and Austria eliminated sailing battleships and even passed the ironclad era and entered the pre-dauntless era, the navies of most countries in the world are still dominated by sailing battleships.

The Japanese Navy is naturally no exception. Except for a few ironclad ships purchased from the British to prop up the appearance, most of the warships are sail warships.

There is no other reason, just one word - "poor". The cost of building one ironclad ship could build several sail warships of the same tonnage.

As for the more advanced pre-dreadnoughts, let alone that. With the military expenditure of the Japanese Navy, it simply cannot afford it.

If you look at the fiscal revenue of the Japanese government, you will know that the fiscal revenue of 80 million yen seems not low, but in fact it is just that. When converted into Aegis, it is only more than 16 million, and when converted into pounds, it is only More than eight million.

(Note: 1 yen is equivalent to approximately 0.75 grams of gold, and the currency value of Aegis and Japanese yen is approximately 1:4.88)

The cost of building a pre-dreadnought ship is as high as millions of pounds. It is estimated that it will be doubled if it is exported. After joining, the mess will continue. The service fee is even more. No matter how aggressive the Japanese government is, it is impossible to spend one-third of its fiscal revenue to buy a ship.

After the landing is successful, the navy's work is basically completed. Next, it only needs to keep an eye on the remaining Spanish navy to ensure smooth sea routes.

There is no decisive battle at sea. In the sneak attack on Luzon Island, the Spanish Philippine fleet had lost one-third of its warships.

This made the Philippine fleet, which was already at a disadvantage, even worse. Not to mention a decisive battle with the Japanese army, because of their speed, it was difficult for them to even perform the task of breaking diplomatic relations.

At the headquarters of Japan's southbound fleet, a middle-aged officer reported in a helpless tone: "Your Excellency, Commander, we have sent people to inspect the captured Spanish warships. The damage is not too serious and can be repaired in Luzon Island. It's just that it can be repaired in Luzon.

" The ships are quite old. The latest one was commissioned in 1875 and will be decommissioned in a few years.

I don't know what the Spaniards think. One of the warships was designed without considering the steam engine. Instead, it added a steam engine later. It's very uncoordinated." The decline of an empire is not without reasons. Generally speaking, there are common problems of prevalent bureaucracy and serious corruption, and Spain is no exception.

Existence must have its rationality. The seemingly unreasonable and bizarre design actually contains official knowledge behind it.

Of course, these problems were not something that Japan's fledgling naval officers could understand. They are fighting for Japan's rise with enthusiasm, and they have not had time to fall.

Admiral Ito Yuhiro nodded thoughtfully: "Don't dwell on these small issues. If the Spanish government is not corrupt, it will have nothing to do with us. It doesn't matter if the ship is old. It has become a foregone conclusion that the sailing battleship will be eliminated. Take Just making do with it for a few years is enough.

The Philippine Islands are not small, and if the Spaniards want to hide and seek with us, it will not be so easy to pick them out. In the next battle, we need more warships.

Immediately Send people to repair the damaged warships. I have already sent people to notify the country. They will send officers and soldiers to take over as soon as possible and strive to form combat effectiveness as soon as possible." Frankly speaking, the southbound fleet should not stop in Luzon now and pursue the victory to defeat it in one fell swoop. Spain's Philippine fleet is the best choice.

But there is no other way. There are always benefits to be gained if you successfully log in. The Army is making a fortune, and the Navy can't just watch.

The Japanese army and navy are not harmonious. If the navy does not participate, the Spanish's hundreds of years of accumulation in the Philippines will all fall into the hands of the army.

Once you eat this stuff, you won't spit it out. Even if the lawsuit is brought before Emperor Meiji, don't expect the Army to give in.

The family background is too thin, and the eyelids are so shallow. Compared with these tangible benefits, pursuing victory and annihilating the remaining enemies is not that important.

...

As the Hongmen's base camp in Luzon Island, the Chen Mansion was already crowded with people. Many people came here with their families, and from time to time, the cry of children could be heard, which made Chen Tao, the leader, more and more upset, but he still couldn't vent.

Everything was in chaos outside. After the Japanese troops drove away the Spaniards, they began to carry out wanton robbery. Everyone had to come to join the group to keep warm.

Gangs also need someone to support them, and these people gathered together are the foundation of Hongmen in Luzon Island. Either the younger brother, the younger brother's family, or a related clan.

Looking at the chaotic scene, Chen Taoyue sighed. There was no way, it happened so suddenly, there was no time to react.

Different from the previous anti-Chinese movement, there were signs in advance. These well-informed guys were all prepared to run away in advance.

Now not only did they not have time to prepare, but they also accepted a large group of people, and they were always worried that the Japanese army would suddenly come to their door.

"Master, the weapons are ready. Do you think we should fire them first?" The butler's voice brought Chen Taoyue back from his thoughts. Today is different from the past. With the Chinese stronghold in Lan Fong Province, it will be much easier for everyone to produce arms.

As long as someone pays to buy it, Austrian arms dealers dare to sell it. If it weren't for the fear of the Spanish reaction, the artillery would have been able to do it.

Originally, these weapons were intended to be used against the indigenous people in the future. Although the anti-Central movement was planned by the colonial government, the executors were still the indigenous people. When it was almost done, they jumped out to pick peaches.

Times are developing, and the colonial government must also consider the influence of public opinion. Besides, they always go into battle shirtless and scare away all the sheep. How can they shear the sheep and eat the mutton?

Chen Taoyue also fought his way to the leading position. Since he has weapons, he is naturally not ready to sit still and wait for death.

"Let's send it first, and then send someone to contact Mr. Honorino. Now we need his help." It is not impossible to coordinate with the Japanese in person. With Hongmen's contacts in Nanyang, Chen Taoyue has also made many friends. The Japanese, these people may not be able to be the masters of the Japanese army, but they can still be a bridge-builder.

If the Japanese want to seize the Philippines, they naturally need the cooperation of local snakes. The strength of the Japanese in the local area alone is not enough. If Hongmen is willing to come over, there is no reason why the Japanese will refuse. The problem now is that he is unwilling to have anything to do with the Japanese.

Like most Nanyang Chinese in this era, Chen Taoyue also suffered from foreign phobia. Although the Japanese had the upper hand, he still favored the Spaniards.

There is no doubt that if the Spanish win the war, there will definitely be a purge of those who defect to the Japanese. Chen Taoyue does not want to get involved in such a thing.

In this context, naturally we can only ask people who are not afraid of trouble to help deal with it. As the Austrian foreign affairs officer in the Philippines, Honorino was one of those people who was not afraid of trouble.

Since the establishment of Lanfang Autonomous Province, he has encountered similar things many times every year. For the sake of SHIELD, Mr. Honorino has always accepted everyone who comes.

This can be regarded as legal extra money. When a middleman helps people connect, or simply accepts agency negotiations, it is allowed by the Vienna government as long as it does not harm Austria's interests.

In fact, he did not harm Austria's interests. This kind of foreign affairs officer sounds very powerful, but in fact he has very little power and cannot represent Austria at all. The only ones who really have the right to represent are the ministers or ambassadors from various places.

The establishment of foreign affairs officers is, on the one hand, for commercial convenience and to resolve some commercial disputes; on the other hand, it is because the cost of setting up a diplomatic embassy is too high and the political impact must also be considered.

It is obviously unjustifiable to set up an embassy in another country's colony. The status of the two sides is completely unequal.

Talk about Cao Cao, Cao Cao arrives. Before the butler could take action, a burly white man walked in.

"Don't bother Chen. I came here as soon as I received the news. You're a good friend!" The person who came was none other than Honorino. Chen Tao was originally not cold to this familiar guy. Now he suddenly realized that this guy was also cute.

Even though I know that the person is here just for SHIELD, if I can stand up and help in a critical moment, then most of my friends are reliable.

"Of course, you are my best friend. Now I need your help to get rid of the Japanese. As long as the Japanese army does not enter Centraltown to rob, I am willing to pay them no more than 200,000 Aegis in compensation." At this critical moment, Chen Taoyue did not care. Money has been paid. Moreover, the money was not paid by him alone, but shared by everyone.

Everyone knows that if there is no bloodshed at this time, when the Japanese army rushes in, both men and money will be lost.

Hearing this number, Honorino just sighed: "I can't see that you are so rich!" After a pause, he then added: "Chen, are you sure you want to pay this money? You know that you have given it Do the Japanese have money? If the Spaniards win the war, they will bring you a lot of trouble in the future." Everyone looked sad. This amount of money is almost the limit that everyone can afford. If it is not a last resort, no one is willing to spend money to buy peace. .

The trouble is twofold. One is that it may arouse the greed of the Japanese; the other is that the Spaniards will reach out to them after they come back.

Chen Taoyue asked: "Mr. Honorino, if you don't pay, do you have any way to prevent the Japanese army from looting?" Honorino waved his hand and said: "No! However, if you are willing to pay, I have a solution.

Anyway, you are spending money to buy peace. Instead of giving it to the Japanese, it is better to give it to us. At a one-time price of 350,000 Aegis, I will settle the troubles on both sides of the Japanese and Spanish for you. " Looking at the generous Honorino, Chen Taoyue frowned, saying this was too full. If a big shot in Austria had made a similar promise, a foreign affairs officer might not have that much face.

As if he noticed something from everyone's eyes, Honorino continued to add: "Don't worry, I don't want this money. I don't have such a big appetite.

This money is for the Vienna government. As long as you are willing to pay Qian, on behalf of the Vienna government, I authorize you to fly the flag of the Holy Roman Empire.

And I will come forward to communicate with the Japanese to prove that you are citizens of the empire. I have been in Japan and know what the Japanese government is. They do not dare to challenge the empire.

Even if These guys broke the rules and entered Centraltown to rob. In the future, the empire will double your compensation from them.

Of course, this citizenship is only temporary. It will disappear after the crisis is over.

To show our sincerity, we can sign a contract first The contract will be paid after the matter is over. We are all friends anyway, and I am not afraid that you will default on your debt." In order to get promoted, Honorino also worked hard. Although it is easy for foreign officials to make money, it is difficult to achieve political achievements. What's even more troublesome is that even if you have political achievements, you won't be able to see them in the country.

If you want to go further, you must have outstanding achievements and prove your ability to the country.

A mere few hundred thousand Aegis was nothing to the Vienna government, but if he could get this money for the empire without any effort, it would be enough to prove Honorino's ability.

Perhaps it was the post-payment that moved people's hearts. The original suspicion no longer existed. An old man asked in a deep voice: "Mr. Honorino, if we want to obtain permanent citizenship, how much price will we have to pay?

" The more you learn, the more you know how valuable safety is. It is not that no one present has obtained the nationality of other European countries. The problem is that the effectiveness is greatly reduced by looking at the skin color.

It's okay to deal with minor problems, and money can clear the way. But when it comes to big troubles like this, there's no one to stand up for them.

In comparison, Austria is much better. At least in the Southeast Asia region, everyone is treated equally. No matter what their skin color is, they will be protected if they get their nationality.

Honorino shook his head: "This is not a matter of money. The key to getting Austrian citizenship depends on your contribution. For specific requirements, you can go to the colonial government for consultation.

Anyway, it is very difficult. I personally suggest that you can go Lanfang Autonomous Province. Compared with other places in Nanyang, it is more suitable for your survival." After hearing this explanation, many people sighed. Everyone knows the situation in Lanfang Autonomous Province. If it weren't for the fact that the plantations and mines couldn't be moved, everyone would have moved there with their families.

...

(End of chapter)

